################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 2025-06-25 - Bro. Barry Johnson - A Paradox - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-25
Title:    2025-06-25 - Bro. Barry Johnson - A Paradox
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRenFrNc4Cc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Sunday, June 25th 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord this evening. thinking of the closing content there contributing to the to the brand. God bless you. Good to have you here this evening each one of you. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord here Wednesday evening. Looking forward to what God has in store once again. Always a blessing on a Wednesday night. I know because it takes a little extra work to get here and effort. God, I believe rewards us accordingly. It's always wonderful to be in his presence. Let's sing this song tonight. Every day with Jesus as a confession to the Lord tonight. Well, with Jesus, oh, it's sweeter than the day before. Oh, every day with Jesus. Oh, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and he keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for every day with Jesus. Oh, it's sweeter than the day before. for every day with Jesus. Oh yes, is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, oh I love him more and more. [Music] Jesus saves and he keeps me and he's the one I'm waiting for. Oh, every day with Jesus. Oh yes, it's sweeter than the day before. Oh, and he's the one you're waiting for. Oh, every day with Jesus. Oh, it's sweeter than the day before. [Music] And I was born to be adorned. Think about that tonight. Oh, I hold for the presence of the Lord. Won't Jehovah flash tonight. Oh, let my life now be so consecrate it all to thee that I might be what I was born to. Yes, I was born to be heart. I hope for the presence of my Lord. Let my life now be so concentrated that I might be what I stand for as we sing this song. It's not for Logan. If you'd come and pray for us tonight. Oh, hail King Jesus. Oh, hail Emmanuel. Oh, he's the king of kings, Lord of your right. Oh, and through eternity. Oh, I'm going to sing his praise. Oh, and I will Amen. Let us bow. Dear Lord Jesus, what a privilege it always is to come into the presence of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, the only God, the living God. Oh, Father, you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord Jesus. And the same miracles that you did, Lord, when you were walking on this earth, Lord. Father, you're doing through your bride even right now, Lord Jesus. Oh father, that same healing power. Lord, there's no cancer. Lord, there's no depression. Lord, there's no power of bondage that can affect your beloved. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh father, let us give us the revelation of our victory, Lord Jesus. Father, that in you, Lord Jesus. Truly, we are free, Lord. You've set us free. And we are free indeed, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we're free from all sickness, all bondage of this world, Lord. All the thoughts and all the cares, Lord. Let us lay it down at your feet today, Lord Jesus. And this evening, Lord, let us open up our hearts to receive the word, Lord, and to give us the revelation, Lord, and the understanding of your word, Father. Lord, let us be a lighthouse to all those in this wicked generation, Lord. In this darkness, oh Father, that's taken over this world, Lord. Oh, Father, we're so glad that you are the light, Lord Jesus. Father, that there is light in this darkness, Father, who's light and go, oh God. Oh, Father, be with this service tonight, Lord Jesus. Speak through the minister, Lord Jesus. Give us words of eternal life. Oh father, be with the music and all the praises. Lord Jesus, let us lift our hearts, Father, and give you all that we have. Lord, we ask all these things in your precious name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, my brother. You may have your seats tonight. Visitors, God bless you. Just saw you come in. God bless you. Good to see you. It's been a long time. Good to see you, folks. Each one just good to be in the presence of the Lord Jesus tonight. He promised he'd be here and he never disappoints, does he? Ever. He always comes where he's invited and you've invited him tonight. Here we are singing this song. He touched me. Shackled by a heavy burden. Well, I was shackled by a heavy burden. Oh, I was peaceful, a load of guilt and shame. Oh, by the hand of Jesus touch me. Oh, and now I am no longer the same. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, yes, he touched me. Oh, yes, he touched me. You always have the joy that loves my soul. [Music] And now I know he tr [Music] I met this blessed Savior. Oh, and since he cleansed and made me whole, I will never cease to praise your God. Oh sh. Oh yes, he touched me. Oh yes, he touched me. Lord and relax my soul. for something happened and now I know he touched me and he made me for something happened and Oh, I know [Music] he loves me and he Let's give a clap off tonight. Thank you. [Applause] Oh, and Jesus, you are all the world to me. Oh, without your love I wouldn't want to be. Oh, you gave your life so that I might live and now my heart to you I give. Jesus, you are all the world to me. Oh, your goodness is a treasure that I am so unworthy of. So I commit my fragile heart to the mercies of your love. Oh, your truth and your forgiveness. My soul cannot resist. And all the sin in God, it comes down to it. Oh yes Jesus, you are all the world to me. Oh, without your love I wouldn't want to be. Oh Lord, you gave your life so that I might live. Now my heart. [Applause] Jesus, you are all the world to me. Oh, in all of life that matters and in all that I hope most is to know you. Jesus is the thing, the thing that matters most. For when I did did not know you, you made your choice. And now with every breath, I lift my voice. Oh Jesus, you are all the world to me. But it told me what to come. Oh, without your love, I wouldn't want to be. Oh, you gave your life so I might live. And now my heart to live my you are all the world to me. Oh Jesus, you are all the world to me. Oh without your love I would want to be. Oh Lord, you gave me life so that I might live. And now my heart to you. I give [Music] God bless you churchless [Music] Uh this is an old song. It's probably hundreds of years old. One of the songs we learned as kids and sang in church. It's titled I shall be no stranger there. Talks about when the plegator opened and it just occurred to me that if Jesus is not a stranger to you here, then you wouldn't be a stranger there. Amen. But if he's a stranger, then there's no opportunity. I pray you be blessed. It's my confession. I believe it's yours as well. [Music] When the pearl gates are opened to a sinus saved by grace when through everlasting mercy I behold my savior's face when I enter in the mansions of the city pride and fair. I shall have a royal welcome for I'll be no stranger there. I shall be no stranger there. Jesus will my place to prepare. He will greet me. He will greet me. I shall be no stranger there. True times ever changing seasons. I am pressing to all the gold. Seize my heart, sweet native country. It sees the homeland of my soul. Many loved ones clothed with beauty in those wonderous glorious year. When I rise redeemed, forgiven, I shall be no stranger there. I shall be no stranger there. Jesus will my place prepared. He will meet me. He will greets me. I shall be no stranger. There my dear redeemer leaving blessed lamb upon the throne by the creing lights upon them. He will surely claim his own. So whenever you're sad and lonely, look beyond this threatening care. We reach out of God. Remember you will be no stranger there. I shall be no stranger there. Jesus. Yes. my place prepare. He will meet me. He will greet me. I shall be no stranger. He will meet me. He will greet me. I shall be no stranger. [Music] [Applause] wonderful, wonderful promise and a wonderful confession. What a wonderful just comfort and encouragement to know that that's the truth. If we're one of his and we're part of him, we won't be a stranger there. Thank you, my brother. That was just really enjoyable. Just makes you homesick, doesn't it? just around the next bend. As we've said many times, maybe stand with me if you would as we call our pastor, lead me, Lord. It's hard to take the first step. The Lord leads the way. [Music] When it's hard to take the first step, when I don't know the way. Each step is so uncertain. But I learn to walk by faith. But you gave me the promise that you will never leave. You will lead and guide me. And Lord, I do believe. Lead me. I will follow. Lead me and I will grow. You have called me and I have answered. Lead me home and I will go. Oh, your plans for me are perfect. I never need to fear. Although sometimes I feel alone, I know that you are here. My heart just wants to follow. I'm willing to [Applause] take my hand in lead and I'll follow your way. me. I will follow me and I will go. Oh, you have called me and I have leave you alone and I Jesus your name is power. Oh Jesus, your name is mine. Oh Jesus, your name will break. Jesus, your name. [Music] Oh yes. Jesus your name is healing. Oh Jesus your name is. [Music] Oh Jesus your name it will create. [Music] Oh Jesus, your name is our pastor. Oh Jesus, your name is Oh Jesus. Jesus, your name is Jesus. Your name is every other Jesus. Your name is Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Certainly an honor and a privilege to gather together in the name above every name. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, tonight, Lord Jesus, we don't take it lightly that we get to stand in your presence, Father. Lord Jesus, I just was thinking today how you sent angels from your presence. But yet, Lord, the angels said that they stand in your presence. It's impossible to understand that word how how it could be that way. They're standing in your presence, but yet they're sent from your presence. Lord Jesus, tonight we recognize that we're talking about different dimensions. And we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that even though our earthly senses can't declare your presence, oh Father, your word says that you're here. And we thank you for that, Lord Jesus. And Father, we know that you had an angel come from your presence, still standing in your presence and minister to your bride in this last age, and tell us about who we are, Father, we're so thankful for your grace and your mercy to us, Lord. Father, tonight we just want to commit each need made known unto you by the way of an uplift hand. Father, Lord Jesus, we know that you're more than able. And father, you've allowed the trials and the situations to come by our way so that your character can be developed in us, Father. And we thank you for that, Lord. Help us, Father, to buy that gold tried in the fire. Oh, Father, that gold that you require of us, Lord Jesus. Tonight, Father, we just want to remember Sister Mary Carpenter, Father, who rolled her ankle at church on Sunday. Father, the devil didn't like them coming and having communion. But Father, we know that you will bless them abundantly, Father, for making the effort to come. Lord Jesus, we thank you for touching her in the name of Jesus. Amen. Now, Father, as we turn to your word, Father, the highest order of this service, we pray that Lord Jesus, you would be reverence now. Father, we greet you with a kiss, Lord. Father, we anoint you with oil, Father. Lord Jesus, we want to wash your feet with our tears. Lord God, we want to acknowledge you, Father, as our Lord and our Savior as we go forwards, Father. So have the preeminence we desire. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. Certainly wonderful to be here tonight. Like to welcome my friends, the Hilda Bratz. God bless you. Certainly wonderful to see you. Welcome to all of our visitors tonight. Brother Clawson, Sister Rebecca, my isn't it wonderful to be in his presence? If you have your Bibles tonight, I'd like to read from the book of Joshua. Joshua chapter 1. And then I'd like to turn over to Joshua chapter 10. Joshua chapter 1 and Joshua chapter 10. And I'm sorry, is it Sister Vera and Sister Haley with us tonight as well? God bless you. It's good to see you again. Joshua chapter 1, verse one. Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses minister, saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses, from the wilderness and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hivites, and unto the great sea, going toward sea, toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast. There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. Be strong, and of a good courage, for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land which I swear unto their fathers to give them. Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mightest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper, whethersoever thou goest. This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein, for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. Amen. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee, whethersoever thou goest. Let's just bow one more time and we'll turn over to Joshua chapter 10. Gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful for your word, Lord. We know that it has a a compound meaning and revelation, Lord Jesus. And tonight, Father, I just pray that your word would find the mark in the hearts of your children the way that you have desired. Lord, I know that you led me here. And I I pray that, Father, it would just be that blessing that that we need, Father, to face another day, Lord, to understand that, Lord Jesus, you have an emphasis for us as well, Lord Jesus. We love you and we thank you. We just commit these words into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Welcome once again. Uh I just felt led to get into this. It's out of the message, a paradox. And I kind of chuckled to myself today when uh I was studying it and just the the thought came to me as usual. I've got some quotes that I want to bring. And tonight I'm not going to kill you with quotes. So don't get nervous. We're fortunate that way. But, uh, I do have a couple notable ones that I really want to bring out. And but I was just chuckling to myself thinking about how some people say that, you know, folks that quote the prophet, they parrot the prophet. They parrot the prophet. And, you know, I didn't understand that for the longest time. I I just thought it was the strangest thing that people would say that they parrot the prophet. People parrot the prophet. Alls they do is say what the prophet said. And, you know, to some extent, I guess that's true. And you know, it's even more true when our lives don't actually match what the prophet says. Yes, sir. And that's exactly what that means to parrot the prophet. When people will quote the prophet and quote the prophet and quote the prophet and talk about the prophet and quote the prophet, but yet they don't live the prophet, they're paring the prophet. And it just made me chuckle to think that there's people that actually do live in that realm. They parrot the prophet. and and you know, not in a humorous way, in kind of a sad way because who would want to do that? The only way that we can ever not parrot the prophet is to just simply do what the prophet said and allow Christ himself to make himself personally known to us through the new birth where we truly become converted and then we receive his spirit and our spirit dies. Then when we quote the prophet, we're quoting not the prophet, we're quoting our life. We take this message that was quoted in the 60s and we make it relevant in 2025 because it's not just the scriptures and it's not just the quotes. It's Jesus Christ alive and well in flesh on earth. Yes. Amen. But could you imagine if that's all we did was just parrot the prophet. What a sad place to be. then we can't actually see the the power and and and dominion that God is actually issuing to Joshua in the book of Joshua that we read. How could you be strong and very courageous? And how could you prosper if you're just paring the prophet? If you're not actually doing what the prophet said. Alls we need to do is what he said and we'll see the success in our life. over in the book of Joshua chapter 10. This is, you know, kind of the inspiration that brother Brandham takes out of the paradox in 1965. And I'm sure that uh those who are here um that attend regularly here, you'd understand that I'm probably moved on from uh 64 and now I just it's like usual, you just can't get enough. So, you're on to the next messages and I'm moving into 1965. just going through taking my time and and studying the messages and there's just so much when you hear the summary of all of the message in 1964 1965 it just it's it's such a different uh I think experience myself but in Joshua 10 verse 12 Joshua 10:12 very familiar scripture once again then spake Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord Lord delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel. And he said in the sight of Israel, son stand thou still upon Gibian. And thou moon in the valley of Agelon. And the sun stood stood still, and the moon stayed until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is this is not this written in the book of Jash? Jasher? So the sun stood stood still in the midst of heaven and hasted not to go down about a whole day. And there was no day like that before it or after it that the Lord hearkened unto the voice of a man. For the Lord fought for Israel. And I just can't help but think that this is not exclusive to Joshua. This is not exclusive to Israel. And you know in the day in which we live, we know that Paul said that eye hath not seen nor hath ear heard, neither has it even entered into the heart of a man. Amen. What God has prepared for those who love him, those people that go over into that other dimension. But you know, it's interesting because the day in which we live, we had a prophet that actually did go over. He did go beyond the curtain of time and he said there's no human word that you could actually use to describe it. He said sublime. It doesn't even touch it. He said there's no way that you could explain it. How it could possibly be that everyone is about 20 years of age and everyone has love one for another. Everyone has a love different from human love. And we know that brother Brandham said if you don't get anything else get that love. get that love because the only thing that there is over there is that love. What a tremendous thing that is. But to look at it, the day in which we live, we had a prophet who would quote what Paul said. Eye hath not seen, ear hath not heard, neither has it even entered in the heart of a man. But yet this man, he went and actually did come back with some ideas and some words about what it's going to be like on the other side. What a tremendous thing. And you know, maybe maybe it's it's about the new heaven and the new earth. We don't know that. But I just can't help but think something significant happened in the day in which this prophet walked the earth. The Elijah ministry in the day in which we live in this generation, the seventh angel messenger. This guy, some people think you just worship a man. We don't worship a man. We worship God. We do what that prophet said. We don't just parrot him and say what the prophet said. We actually do what the prophet said. And you know what? Sometimes we might actually misquote that prophet. But that's irrelevant because what we do do is serve God. We worship Jesus Christ. That's what he said. Follow Jesus. If you can't take my word for it, take his word for it. Talking about this story in the book of Joshua. I think it's amazing. Verse 14. And there was no day like that day like like that before it or after it that the Lord hearkened unto the voice of a man. For the Lord fought for Israel. Now, I'm not going to read it tonight just for time's sake. And to be honest with you, I didn't actually get a chance to bring it up. Otherwise, it might have been just a whole bunch of quotes, but I just want to throw it out there. It might be worth taking a look at it. Look at the two times that brother Brandham interacted with squirrels. Yes, sir. What happened in those stories? We know what happened in those stories. He got an inspiration and through that inspiration he spoke. God never spoke. He spoke. And then he started to doubt what he spoke. Right? And then what happened? God said to him, "Did you not speak? Did you not say this? You said this." Isn't it interesting? A very similar parallel, but you have to believe that God sent a prophet first before that makes any sense. Otherwise, it's just someone making something up. But, you know, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's right. And who knows how many thousands of years ago this was and how many maybe decades ago it was that God spoke through a man here on earth. Once again, it's just tremendous to think about. There was no day like that before it or after it that the Lord hearkened unto the voice of a man. For the Lord fought for Israel. Now I'm taking this from the message the paradox. It's in 1965. It's uh the second message actually. The first message in 1965 is a wedding ceremony. It's pretty interesting to hear how brother Brandham does that. But the paradox is a is a real interesting message, you know, and brother Brown, I mean, he doesn't make it too heavy for the most part. It's not really rich in doctrine and and and really deep mysterious things and revelations, but yet it does actually state something really amazing. And I think that's really what I want to get into tonight. And that's talking about a paradox. And he says, according to Webster, it's something incredible but true. It's something absolutely incredible but true. Now, I'm going to jump to the punch line like I always do. And I want to say this tonight, brothers and sisters. If you have the ability to believe this word, you're the paradox. Summarize that whole entire message. If you've got ears to hear what the prophet said to this age, that's the spirit of God speaking to this age. Because the word only comes to a prophet. When it comes to the prophet, if you can hear what that prophet said and say amen to it and begin to change your life to pattern after that prophet, you're the paradox. Because who can actually hear what the spirit saith unto the church? But those whom he called before the foundation of the world. But it is something that's incredible, but it's true. My and you know, brother Random, he says it in here. It's actually stranger than fiction. Many times it's stranger than fiction because we can have I'll say it this way. We can be one of those people in this world that have all the money in the world. All the money in the We can have so much money we just don't even know what to do with it. So much money that we don't even count it anymore. We just weigh it because we have so much money. Stacks and stacks and stacks of Benjamin Franklin's. We just weigh it. Put it on the scale. How much is there? We don't know. We don't count it. We don't have to. We could have all that much money, but we won't be happy. In fact, what will happen is we'll gradually become more and more miserable because it will consume us. The more we get, the more we want. And it can become that way with anything in our life if we're not careful. If we don't have the spirit of God living through us and governing us, whatever it is, can seem like a tremendous blessing, but it becomes a curse very quickly if his spirit isn't leading us and guiding us. But I think it's amazing because this this ability that's a paradox to believe the word for our day. It's incredible and it's true, but it is very strange. You know, brother Bam, he talks about it in this message. How Moses in the day in which Moses lived, he represented the law, but Joshua was representing something else. Joshua was representing grace. For the people to go and live in a land that's full of safety, it was actually a period of grace that they were stepping into. And isn't it amazing how those people could not accept the word of the prophet. They resented him. They mocked him. And I can't help but think they parided him. But Moses, brother Bradam says, represented the law which brought them out of Egypt. But Joshua, he represented grace. He represented unmmerited favor. That's what grace is. It's something that we don't deserve. That wedding band of unmmerited grace that he gave to us. He said, "I I love you and I I want to take you as my bride. Would you marry me?" That's the call of the age. That's the age in which we live in. He's inviting us to the wedding. And the wedding is here and now. The wedding isn't going to be some other day, some other place. We're going on to the wedding supper. That marriage had better have taken place already. But Moses, he represented the law. And you know, as I was studying this, I was just thinking how some people, they just want to live under the law and they want to scrutinize everything to the letter of the law. And and most of all, they want to scrutinize everyone else to the letter of the law. And you know what happens when you do that? You push people away. And and if we're not careful, we can push people away from the kingdom. Now, some people might say, "Brother Barry, I can do it all I want because I know that whoever he's called, he's he's fornown. And whoever he's fornown them, he's already justified. And those who he's justified, he's already glorified. If you're truly elected, you could never be pushed away." Is that true? I think so. But we might actually cause a little bit of disturbance if we're not careful. If we're simply paring the prophet and other people see us living a different life, double lives will always come out. The word says that be sure your sins find you out. And I say, Lord, I'm not perfect. But I don't want to live a double life. I don't want to be a a double agent. I don't want to be playing one side of the fence for God and and the other side of the fence for the devil. I just want to be on the right side of the river. And you know the children of Israel, if they chose to stay on the other side of Jordan, they did not get the benefit of living in the promised land. They had to go over. Even those that said, "We want to stay here. It's so lovely here. We've got room for our cattle. The grass is so green on this side of Jordan. We just love it here." The commandment was, "All right, if that's what you want, you can have it. But you still have to go and fight for your brothers and your sisters. You still have to go to church and worship with them on Sunday. Until they get positionally placed in the Holy Ghost, you're still on the hook. It's interesting to look at it that way, but it's true. Yes, sir. Joshua represented grace and that took them into the promised land. Brother Brandham says another way was that the law and grace were two different aspects of God's command. Don't worry about the quotes. I I've only got two that I really want to bring up, so don't worry about that, brother. I'm just going to skip over a few here. He said there were two different aspects of God's command. Now, the law brought them out. Moses and Joshua took them in. And I just can't help but think, brothers and sisters, it's good to talk about it. There is a coming out of, but that ain't enough. You have to go in. You have to go in. Amen. Brother Brandham says that if we don't go in, then we're lost as lost can be. What does it mean to go in? It doesn't mean to go into church. It doesn't mean to go into camp meetings. It doesn't mean to be good people. What it means is to go into Christ. To get all the way into the baptism of Holy Ghost. Outside of that, we're lost as lost can be. But we don't live under the law. We live under grace. It's such an amazing thing. Amen. The RAM says it's a law that brings us to recognize that we're wrong. We need the law, but we don't stay there, do we? We don't stay there because the letter kleth, but the spirit, the spirit is what giveth life. It's the law that brings us to recognize that we're wrong, but it's grace that forgives us. And we know full well that the proverbs says a soft word does what? It turns away wrath. Instead of trying to be right, I'm right. I'm right. You're wrong. My position. Instead of that, just to simply have grace and say, you know what, Lord, be it unto me according to your will. Pray for my brother. Pray for my sister. Pray for my husband. Pray for my wife. pray for my children. You know, one of the worst things that we can do is try and just hammer our kids with the law. We need to give them grace. We need to shower them with grace. We need to let them know that God is in control. Hold this word before them continually, not be pushovers and say, "Oh, that's okay if you want to just go." And Brother Brandham says it very clearly about the daughter that wants to go and run around all night. He he he says what should happen there. But a child that wants to go and run out into the street, what are we going to do? Say, "Oh dear, don't worry about that. Just just go slow. Make sure you look both ways." When we have a little child like that, we're going to run after them. We're going to grab them and we're going to learn them. We're going to teach them. Don't do that. Why? Because it will hurt them. That's right. We're not interested in abuse. We're not trying to promote that. But what we're doing is saying we love our children. And any parent that won't actually chastise their children, are they actually the parent? We know that if we're not willing to accept chastisement by the word, then he who's our father then. But it's the law that brings us to recognize that we're wrong. And and that's what happens. We we recognize the law. The word says that we're sinners. We're born in sin. We're shaped in iniquity. We come into this world speaking lies. There's nothing in us that's good. We're humans outside of the Holy Ghost inside of us. We're a brute beast. You don't have to look around very far now and you can see a lot of brute beasts in this world. And you know, we're not exclusive except for we've got the Holy Ghost in our life. That's the only difference. That's the only difference. Brother Brandham talks about them here in the in the message. She says that, you know, if you notice that the journey, they had three stages in their journey. And we know that that's kind of the same way it is for the believer. And and and you know, to I guess maybe preface this or or parallel it. Brother Random talks about Ephesus in this message. He doesn't I don't think say that that the book of Ephesians perfectly parallels the book of Joshua. It's not in this message, but it is in the message. Brother Brandham says that. And you might say that the book of Joshua perfectly parallels the book of Ephesians. I might have got them backwards, but you get what I'm saying. But he says that they had three stages of their journey. The first was preparation by faith down in Egypt. There was the oral tradition. You know, God's going to send a deliverer somewhere somehow someway. There's supposed to be a deliverer from this hard bondage. And and we know that there was some people that really were excited about that. And other people probably just scorned at it and said, you know, whatever. It's probably never going to happen. But the ones that did actually get excited about it, what happened? They started to cry out. Why? Because they had just a little bit of faith in them. Something inside of them cried out. Brother Bradom says that it was the preparation by faith down in Egypt under the sacrificial lamb. And he says, "Then they crossed the Red Sea into the wilderness. A separation crossed the Red Sea." And you know, he says later on in the message here that they had a baptism. They got saved first, then they got baptized, but they still had to cross over. The third step was they needed to cross over that Jordan. They needed to cross over into a new land. They needed to go into a place where it was absolutely frightening to look at from the human perspective to think that they could stand against any one of those giants. We know that 10, I always talk about it. those 10, they came back and said, "Sure enough, we've got the figs, we've got the pomegranates, we've got the milk, we've got the honey, all the stuff that was spoken of, it's there. Here's the proof of it. The grapes that it took two grown men to carry, they're all here. Let's eat of it. Enjoy it. It's wonderful. But we can't do it. We've come all this way out of the hard bondage. all this way. Signed, all the plagues in Egypt, the Red Sea, the baptism now crossing over. They're right there to cross over. I can only think, brothers and sisters, as a believer, we know what we're talking about tonight. If we don't, I just want to make it plain and simple. the crossing over of Jordan is us dying out to ourselves and leaving the wilderness behind us of our old selves and crossing into a new land to say that I'm going to live my life for Christ. Whether it takes the hide off of me, whether I have to lose all of my friends, whether I've got to go get a new job, whether I've got to move to a new location, it doesn't matter because I believe that he lives and he is the only one that I want to serve in this life. And because of that, I'm willing to change absolutely anything that he wants. That is the life of a believer until we come to that place in our life. I wonder, have we truly crossed over into that promised land? Are we willing to throw away everything that we know for this gospel? Not saying we should, but I'm saying, have we crossed over? We say it all the time. Brother Brandham said it, you know, how can a woman forget that she had a baby? How can it happen? I don't know. I'll ask the question tonight. Maybe I did on Sunday, but I think it's so stimulating to think about. Is there any moms in the room here that could ever forget their baby? If you could raise your hand. I know there's not that many moms in the room, but there's a few. And I don't see any hands going up. How could you forget? Like we talked about on Sunday, there's so many details. Even as a dad, I remember very clearly when we went in, we had an appointment to be induced for Christopher. It was a little bit of a different thing, but it was chip night at the hospital. And I remember it vividly because I'm a chip guy. And I thought, "This is just perfect. Welcome, Christopher. Glad to be here with you." But you don't forget. And when you cross over Jordan, you don't forget. When you know who you used to be, you don't forget. God takes you and allows you to be brainwashed. Some people will say, "You're brainwashed by that prophet." Amen. I'm so glad that I'm brainwashed. Brothers and sisters, if you've ever had to deal with the poison that's in this world and to be able to become brainwashed by this gospel, you can only praise. That's right. Right. But I think that some people haven't allowed this word to maybe just wash them all the way. Just maybe not completely brainwashed. And that's where we're going with this. Brother Brandham talks about it. You know what? If we have one speck of the old man still alive in us, then we ground the power of the spirit of God. We have not fully crossed over the Jordan River because there's still some of the old guy kicking and screaming. But these people back in the day of Joshua, they had three stages of their journey. First was a preparation of faith down in Egypt under the sacrificial lamb. Then they crossed the Red Sea into the wilderness which was a separation. A and we need that separation. Sometimes we need that separation more than we realize. We need to separate ourselves from all of the things which bind us in this world. We need to separate ourselves from ourselves which can be the most difficult thing to do. And and I would say this just by experience, one of the things that can help us do that is to actually turn off our phone and actually just have a day or two with no phone, no contact to anyone else and just set our sights on the Lord and just ask him what he wants from us in our lives. And if we don't know that we've got that Holy Ghost in our lives, if we don't know that we've actually fully crossed over Jordan, we don't know if there's still a portion of that old man alive in us. You know why I'm saying this, brothers and sisters? Because we have blind spots. Human beings have blind spots. I know I've got blind spots. I've got big ones. But we all have blind spots. And some people have bigger blind spots than other people. And you know, we think that we're all doing great. Everything is fine in our life. But have we taken the time to just spend time alone with God and ask him, "Is everything okay in my life?" And give him the chance to answer or do we just carry on? Everything is fine. God's blessing us. We've got a great job. We've got a great career. Our bank account's full. Our portfolio is awesome. Everything is good. Is it? I guess I'm saying this because you know what, brothers and sisters? I I'm a part of a few different chats like some ministers are. And uh you know, I'm saying to people now, they're saying, "Hey, brother from Uganda. Hey, brother. Brother Herbert Makoba. Brother uh you know, a few of the brothers anyways. And uh how you doing, brother? You know, we're good. We're good. We're good over here. How about you? Are you ready for the rapture?" because that's the season we're living in. This isn't the season to come and play church. It's not the season to parrot the prophet. This is the season to get all the way over the Jordan River. Get into the Holy Ghost for yourself. That's the season we're living in. Brothers and sisters, I can only imagine that Noah would have been preaching quite similar to this. Get in the boat, man. It's going to rain. The boat's finished. Can't you see all the animals? They have come. That supernatural sign and wonder doesn't get any stronger than that. Get in the boat. Amen. But sometimes people can just be comfortable in a church experience. Brothers and sisters, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't get comfortable in a church experience. Get comfortable in Christ. Talks about the three stages. He says because under the preparation when they all got ready then they when they came to the Red Sea there was a a failure again. The people did not believe after seeing many things that God had did. They still did not believe. And God opened up the Red Sea and took them forth which were taught that all the people were baptized unto Moses under the cloud and the sea. And we know that it went from there after they were in the promised land for a little while that they got baptized under John. John the Baptist. He was baptizing unto repentance. He said, "Get baptized." And all he wanted to do was get baptized. And he was capturing the attention of the people because he was declaring something. It wasn't just baptism. He was actually declaring the coming of the Lord. Yes. And so maybe I sound a little bit fanatical and crazy tonight. I hope so. But you know, we had a prophet in our day that said he was here and he was told that he was declaring the second coming of the Lord. So if he was here to forerun the second coming of the Lord and now he's gone, where are we? Oh my. Where do we stand? But under Moses, they were baptized under the cloud and the sea. And today, I just can't help but think, brothers and sisters, we've been baptized under the cloud and the pillar of fire. Oh my, it ain't going to rain again on this earth. It's not going to rain water. We talk about climate change. It's going to change. All right. But isn't it wonderful? Now, we're talking about peace all over the place. It's beautiful. Peace. Peace. We know what the word says. When they start talking peace, look out. That's why, brothers and sisters, I just can't help but think, what day do we live in? You talk to some of the old-timers, I've only been around since 2005 in the message. But those old-timers, the elders that have been around for years and years since Brother Brandham was around, e even after brother Brandham was around in the 70s and the 80s, you you talk to those brothers and sisters and and they would say it even now. They did not think that we would make it even to 1990 and then the year 2000, Y2K and here we are 25 years later. Why? And back in the 60s, this prophet was saying, "It's later than you think." Yes, sir. And I personally believe it. My view is he said that because he did actually herald the second coming of the Lord. Amen. Sunset Mountain wasn't just a cloud. It wasn't just a mystery cloud above the cl above the mountains. It was way more than that. It It was lit. We read it on Sunday. He said it. Turn it right. Look at it right. Turn it 90 degrees, however you want to say it, because you can see a face there, the white-wiged one, the alpha, the omega, Jesus Christ, the author and the finisher of our faith. And you know, when that which is per which is perfect is come, that which is in part will be done away. So, it's time to not be parenting the prophet. It's time to actually be living what that prophet said. But brother Brandham in this message he says there's some people today of today that do not believe in miracles they say they just can't believe that there is such a thing as miracles in this modern age. Well, I don't mean to say anything bad about that person. But here's the thing, brothers and sisters. They're spiritually numb. That's the problem. They become spiritually numb somewhere along the way. And it got me thinking sometimes in our life if we have a prayer and we pray the prayer a and it's an urgent prayer and God doesn't answer that prayer the way we want. Does it actually cause us to become a little spiritually numb? Can it? I can tell you by experience it does that it can it can cause us to become spiritually numb to think the devil is just right there on your shoulder to say, "You know what? Yeah, that prophet was around and when he was here, he had a tremendous ministry. And there's other ministers out there in this world that have tremendous ministries. And you know, if if you're not around them, you're probably not going to see a miracle. And we know that there have been teachers in this world that have said, "There's only that many ministers in the world that have a a ministry." That's not the day in which we live. No, sir. He is Hebrews 13:8. Amen. Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is. Yes. He goes on to say they're they're spiritually blind. They have no spiritual sight or spiritual feelings at all. Now, maybe this is just me. Maybe it is me. And and you know, brothers and sisters, I don't want to sound arrogant by saying this. And I'm not saying that maybe it's just me. I've got a view. I'm saying maybe it's just me. Maybe this whole thing is just about me. You could talk to my wife. We went through a phase about a decade in our life where we were spiritually numb where I felt like I actually began to lose all my spiritual feelings. I I began to question my own experience. Why would I come to church and I'll tell you straight up why I'm going this way with it? Because we had a baby boy or at least we're supposed to. And you know, we only were able to deliver him early and and what happened was he he was perfectly healthy and alive. We just couldn't see him live in in the environment that he was in, mama. And so she delivered him early and he died. And you can bet that we were praying. You can bet that we believed that God had miracle in store for us just around the corner. There was weeks and weeks and weeks of a roller coaster up and down, up and down. Maybe it's going to happen. Maybe it's going to be good. Maybe it's not. Oh, we don't know what to do. And in the end, we got to bury him and trust that we'll see him one day about 19 years old. His name is Timothy. Timothy Johnson. We're going to see that boy. But, you know, I won't speak for my wife because I don't want to put her on the spot anymore than I already have. But I can say this. I became just a little bit spiritually blinded. I started to wonder what was going on. and and you know, other things came up around the same time. And I'll tell you what, the devil was right there in my ear saying, "This is what you're doing with your life. You threw away everything that you knew in the past. And now you're a fanatic following a man. This is the God you serve after all you've done." I can kind of relate a little bit to what Brother Brandham said, not a lot, but a little bit when he was dealing with Sharon Rose and his wife. When the chips are down, brothers and sisters, what happens? That's really why we need to know we where we stand. What's our why? What are we doing with it in our life? If we can go to that place, I believe we will know. There won't be any shaking us. But sometimes God will allow I know by experience this the experience that I'm talking about. God will allow everything that can be shaken in our lives will be shaken in our lives. And that will be so that we recognize that he is God and he is our God. And everything that happens is perfectly according to his will and good purpose. Everything. It doesn't make it easier. I'm not saying it makes it easy. I'm saying that he has it all under control and we come to that place when we get to our our lowest lowest place. He allows us to do that sometimes. Brother Bradom said it. He'll allow us to get flat on our back. Why is that? Just so that we can look up. Just so that we can look up. He said they're they're spiritually blind. They have no spiritual sight or spiritual feelings at all. Cuz no man can sit in a crowd of people wherein the Holy Spirit is falling. No matter if he is absolutely a sinner or she, but what they're bound to sense the presence of God. Now, brothers and sisters, I want to say this. Sometimes people will read this and say, 'Well, I mean, in brother Brandham's meetings, they had the prayer line. And in this message, he did. 1965 second message, he had a prayer line and he cut the message short, I think, so that he could do the prayer line. And you can hear it, you can read it, you can see all the different cases that came through and how the people were healed and stuff. Don't look to that. I mean, that's wonderful to see God discerning the people, but we know that Brother Bosworth, I think, is the one that said it to him. That's the bait on the hook, isn't it? It's so that you could capture the attention of the people. And if you know the vision that Brother Brandham had, or maybe it was a dream where he was fishing and what he was doing was fishing and there was fish, there was little fish and he would try and reel it in and then he explained to the other ministers what was going on and how his line got all tangled up and the angel of the Lord told you, "I I told you not to do that." and how he couldn't actually get any further and he was it goes into a shoelace and the eyelid and all all that. But what he talked about was how the little fish were swimming around after the lure. And what happens is when the little fish get excited, so do the big fish. The big fish see the little fish. And I just can't help but think that's exactly where we are today. It's it's capturing the attention of the big fish. And I've heard people call it the uh covenant fish, right? the rainbow trout, those fish from the final age. Brother Badam, in this message here, he talks about how the Holy Spirit can be falling. And you know, it doesn't matter if a person is a sinner or or she, but what they're bound to sense the presence of God when you see the word he promised being fulfilled. What is that word being promised that he fulfilled? It's not a healing line. It's not a campaign. Don't get caught up in that. Don't look for signs and wonders, brothers and sisters. Although they follow, but look for that word being fulfilled in our lives, our ability to say amen to that angel that comes our way. Yes, sir. I was looking at it, the story of Zachariah and and and Mary and how the angels the angel came to both of them and and you know Zachariah, what did he do? questioned it and and Mary, she did also. Isn't that interesting? But the man, I believe he should have just said, "Amen." Just like the girl did. But the girl's question was reasonable because she said, "How could it happen seeing that I know no man?" And we know that brother Brandham talks about the baptism of the Holy Spirit being exactly like that. It's without sensation. Now humans when they actually come together and the twain become one there's a sensation and that's why brother Brandham said don't be hugging up to anyone except for your spouse parents and children okay but for a man and a woman in a congregation to be hugging up and being friendly and giving hugs and people in the world we give hugs we're huggy people that's what we do it's not right that's what the prophet said why is that because you leave an imprint on that person. It's impossible to do that and not have a sensation. And we might not have a sensation, but that other person might. That's where brother Brandham talks. I could go a long ways with it. I'm not going to. But you know what I'm saying? People don't need to look for the word of promise being fulfilled. I I I I maybe they do need to look and sometimes God will allow it to happen, but we oughtn't to look for a great sign or wonder. We ought to look to the word of God. Can we say amen to the word of God? Can we actually not parrot the prophet, but speak what the prophet said and and actually listen and follow what that prophet said about getting back to the word of God and then live that word even if it makes us uncomfortable in the situations that we're in in our lives. He goes on to say, then you would have to be numb if you can't sense the presence of God falling in a service. And the presence of God falls in a service, brothers and sisters, in our our climate, in our area, maybe when we're singing, maybe when people play in the spirit. Maybe some people might dance in the spirit. You know, the spirit of God falls in the midst of the service when people say amen to the word of God. The more people say amen, the more the spirit falls. That's the way it works. When people pull, people preach. He says, then you would have to be numb. And when you see it with your own eyes happening, then you'll have to be blind spiritually. I'm not speaking physically. He says, "But you can certainly be spiritually blind and have 2020s physical sight." Now, that one to me was a little bit of a shocker, but I mean, it's exactly in line with what we're talking about, brothers and sisters. It's incredible, but it's true. We can be sitting in a church service and be able to see perfectly with our eyes 2020 vision and completely miss this word of God. And why is that? Is because we'll say, "I know it already. I've already got it, man. You're not telling me nothing new." And maybe we're not speaking anything new. But does this word make us say amen? Does it give something inside of us excitement? Do we get excited about it? He says, "Do you remember Elijah down at Dothan where he went out and smoked the the whole army blind?" And we we know the stories in 2 Kings chapter 6. I'm not going to go into it tonight, but we know the the servant, he came out and he woke up and and looked out the window and said, "Whoa, we're surrounded, master, how shall we do? We're going to die. They've got us, man." And he said, "Ah." put down his cup of coffee, got up and walked out the door. Marched right out into the face of the enemy. This guy must have been afraid. His servant must have been shockingly afraid. But what did he do? He walked right out there and said, "Hey boys, who are you looking for? What's up? We're looking for that prophet, that troublemaker," they said, right? And we know he said, "Oh, I know where he is. You want me to show you?" And they said, "Yeah." And he led them right into Israel. Took the Syrians right into Israel. We know the story. And what did he do? He didn't slaughter them either. He said, "Make them a a table. Prepare a table before your enemies." But he says the Bible said that he did. He smoked that whole army blind and led them right into an ambush when they didn't know who he was. And yet had his just exactly what he was supposed to look like and so forth. And he went right out to them, but they were blind. And you can stand in the presence of the living God. You can stand under the anointing of the spirit and see it moving and still it won't touch you. Why? How does that work? How can we have a worship service and people just be flat, believe this message but just have nothing to offer God. It's the word of a vindicated prophet here. We can stand in the presence of the living God. Some people might say, well, you know, if I was standing in the presence of that prophet, I would be standing in the presence of the living God. If I was in that position on the stage where he said, "Can you feel that? Not two feet from me is the angel of the Lord." Then we would be standing in the presence of God. Brothers and sisters, where two or three are gathered together in his name, the word of God says that he's there. Amen. But I want to say this. Are we spiritually numb? Do we get to a place where we become so spiritually numb, we just don't sense his presence? It's just another gathering in the name of Calgary living word instead of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He says, "You can see what God said preached to you perfectly and then manifested and still won't go in, still won't cross over, still won't go all the way. Still have reservations. Still say, "I've got a traditional teaching and we've done it this way my whole entire life." And I'm not changing for nobody. I'm not saying adapt your ways to Calvary Living Word. I'm saying make sure that our ways line up with the word. That's what I'm saying. says they won't go in. Don't believe it. Then there you are beyond reach. You're already dead. I say, Lord have mercy. Numb, blinded, gone on. He said they were completely. I think it's incredible when we look at this story here. We're only getting to the good stuff now. And uh we still have a few minutes so certainly trust the Lord here. Brother Random says in this message we could preach a sermon on that. How that God no matter he is in glory but his orders there is just the same effect on the whole world and anybody that takes the promise. His order is given. his laws of nature, they absolutely carry themselves true from Pentecost or any other time. And remember, we talked about Pentecost. It's not the Pentecostal church. Brother Brandham says it very clearly in the message. It's not the Pentecostal assemblies. It's not the Pentecostal denomination. It's a Pentecostal experience. Yes. And and to fast forward from the days of Joshua to the day of Pentecost when it was fully come, we know that the Holy Ghost swept into the room and they were all baptized with cloven licks of fire over their head and they were able to speak in tongues. A and it was actually an understandable speech. It wasn't glosselia. It was actually according to the languages of the people around. And he was able they were able to minister to those people. It wasn't actually out of the norms. And and brother Bradam says here that it will be absolutely carry themselves true from Pentecost or any other time. Any time that God made the promise, he will stay still stay with that promise regardless of where the people is at. Isn't that beautiful? Just like he says that it doesn't matter. There ain't no unbelief that can actually stop the word of God. Amen. We can come to a service and say, "It's brother Barry again, you know, blah blah blah or brother so and so. I just don't believe the way they preach it. I can't see God calling a man like that." Whatever it is in our heart, fold our arms and and grudge through the service. We could do that, but it doesn't stop the purpose of God. There's no amount of unbelief that can stop it. And I think it's beautiful. You can talk about brother Bradom and I think he was in Germany, isn't it? When he was in Germany and he talked about having the service outside and there was witch doctors, there was people maybe Satanists. They were they were trying to cast a spell and they were chanting trying to get the storm whipped up and the storm was whipping up. And you know what he said about those people? He said that they were Pentecostals. Yes. Splitting feathers, creating witchcraft, doing their thing, trying to mess up. But, you know, they could not stop God's prophet from fulfilling his word. You know, I think that word witchcraft is really interesting, too, when you think about it because many times we'll think about candles and pentagrams and all the different things that go along with witchcraft. And, you know, I'm not going to go too far with that, but what does the Bible say? The Bible says that rebellion actually not following the word of God. The spirit a rebellious spirit, a child that has a rebellious spirit, I would say a a lay member that has a rebellious spirit, a a spouse that has a rebellious spirit, a pastor that has a rebellious spirit, an evangelist that has a rebellious spirit, any human being that has a rebellious spirit. It's as the wi the the the the the spirit of witchcraft. It's the same. I say, Lord, let us not be rebellious people. But you know, Brother Brandham says he he will stay. He will still stay with that promise regardless of where the people's at. Thank you, Lord. Hebrews 13:8. How many thousands of years off his laws ever remain the same? I am so thankful for that because I know as a human being, I have let him down. But you know, I haven't surprised him. I know that. And he's always there. That song, his makes his mercy new every day. He's he's there for us. And brother Brandham says it very clearly. How do we fix it if we ever have a problem in our life? Brothers and sisters, I don't even know why this message came up other than listening to it. But to preach it like this tonight, you know, the only thing we need to do is go back to where we got off. Amen. And if it works that way with God, it can work that way in our relationships if we just simply go back to where we got off. But sometimes we've got to remember that we're given one mouth and two ears for a reason. The two ears are so that we can listen more than we talk. Otherwise, we'd have two mouths and one ear. But God's pretty pretty wise the way he does his creation. Out of the paradox, brother Bradomy says, "How the seed falls into the ground and it rots and to bring forth life again." Looks like if it was ever going to bring forth life, it'd be in its perfect shape. Not so. And that's where I say, brothers and sisters, if people want to come to the house of God, let them come. If they want to come in here look a certain way, let them come. If they want to come in here with a some kind of an attitude, let them come. Get in here. Get right in here and get in the presence of God and let the word wash us. Because that's the only way we're going to get success in our lives is if we can be washed by the water of the word and and and get some faith inside of us. How does faith come? The only way faith comes is by hearing and hearing of the word of God. So if we go and say, "Well, that person is just doing this and that person is just doing that." How can we ever ever let them in? They're just going to disrupt the service so bad. I'll never be able to worship God because I know that's going on. Why are we here? What are we doing? We're going back to that law that we talked about. That's that's this side of Jordan. We want to get on the other side of Jordan. Brother Brandham, he talks about how if if life ever was in it, talking about the seed now, if life ever was in it, then why wouldn't it just come forth? Put it in the ground and the life would just spring forth. Why does all that's around that life, all that's around that germ that no man can find, how is it that everything material around that germ has to die? He says, "So it can bring forth in a new life." Now remember, we don't need to be conformed to Jesus Christ. We need to be transformed by the renewing of our minds. So when we want to talk about brainwashing, that's exactly what's going to happen. But you know, he's going to take and give us a new heart. He's going to take and give us a new mind because the mind that he's going to give us is going to be his mind. It ain't going to be our mind. It's not going to be us plus him. And I think that's what a lot of times happens with Christianity. That's what happens a lot of times with the message of the hour. I had to come to the place where I had to say, you know, all the Pentecostal teaching that I thought that I had, I just need to set it aside. Not throw it in the garbage can. Just set it aside and just say, Lord, teach me. And sometimes we can grow up. I know it by talking to people even in the message of the hour and think that we've got the edge on everything. But what we haven't got is truly the baptism of the Holy Spirit in our lives. Now, why would you say that, Brother Barry? Because I could say there's still wars and fightings amongst us. Now, we'll get into a scripture in the last five minutes here, but we'll read this. Brother Brandham, he says, "So it can spring forth in a new life, but everything around it must also die and rot before it can spring forth to life out of the invisible unity of the bride of Jesus Christ." Brother Radam says, "Every speck of the old man has to die." Every single speck. Now, that's hard. Ask me how I know cuz I feel like there's still some of the old man here. I don't know. And I think as long as we're here, brothers and sisters, we're going to have some of that old man. Because, you know, this flesh is never going to be converted. This flesh is always going to be our enemy. This flesh is always going to be enmity against the word of God. But if we have the word of God inside of us, yet yay, God himself inside of us, then he will always prevail over this flesh. That's right. And that's what I want to encourage us tonight, brothers and sisters. So it is with an individual, brother Brandham says. Now remember, he's talking about the seed. So it can spring forth in a new life, but everything around it must also die and rot before it can spring forth to life. So is it with an individual as long as there is any human injections. Well, my parents taught it this way. The church that I used to go to taught it that way. And I think that we should do it the other way. As long as there's any human interjections, human ideas, then God's germ of life, what's his germ of life? Can you see that in there? Then God's germ of life, the what? Can't work. This is why brother Barry harps about this all the time, brothers and sisters. It's got to be a new spirit placed within us. Remember, Brother Brandham said that we need a new spirit. Why? Because we can't hardly get along with our own spirit. We can't hardly get along with our own selves. And I know myself, I was talking about a little while ago, there comes times, you ever have that time, I'll say it tonight, where you look at that guy in the mirror and you're just disgusted with that guy in the mirror. You just, you're like, I can't look. So it is with an individual. says, "As long as there's any human interjections, human ideas, then God's germ of life, the Holy Spirit cannot work. You cannot be healed as long as there is a fraction somewhere." Now, don't necessarily look at our bodies and think about a human healing. Think about our souls. Think about the eternal life. Think about that Holy Ghost and the crossing over of Jordan. Think about being able to speak to the sun. Think about being able to speak to the wind. Think about being able to speak to that problem in your life. When the devil comes along and tries to rise up against you, think about having that power. That power is you. You're the paradox. But the only way that power is there if there's a complete death here. That's it. To think that we're going to carry on with a speck of the old man and just assume or or better yet or worse yet, presume. Brother Bradom says, "What is it to presume is to venture without authority." We know there was seven sons of SA, right? Boy, I feel like I want to preach now. And what did they do? They went and decided to make a show of it. They said, "We're going to have uh signs and wonders. We're going to have a prayer line in our service. We're going to really get her done." And what did they do? They went and actually tried to cast a devil out of a man. and and and and that spirit that was in the man, he said, "You know, Paul, I know and and Jesus, I know, but who are you? You still got some of the old man alive in you. You don't have the Holy Spirit all the way. You've experienced the anointings of the Holy Ghost. But who are you?" And we know that they got it. They got it bad. Brother says, "You cannot be healed as long as there is just a fraction somewhere that it's not rotten yet. It's got all the human elements, all the scientific ideas, all of it figured out. Man, I know how this should be. This should be this way. It's always going to work good if we do it this way. He says, "All the days of miracles has passed." So-called all that has to all not only die, but rot. Then from there grows the germ of life unto a new life. That's the only way it can grow. And I just want to say it this way, brothers and sisters. Sometimes it can be as simple as we said earlier. Shut off our phone, dedicate a day, dedicate two days, dedicate a week, go somewhere away from everywhere and spend some time with the Lord and just say, "Be it unto me according to your will, according to your word." Because that's his will. It's the only way it can grow. We've got to die out to ourselves. Now, I know that we've got pressures in life. And you know, if God knows that we've got a genuine desire in our heart, we don't need to go and labor and spend weeks and months. We don't have to go and labor and spend days. In an instant, just like that, without sensation, when he knows that we're ready to be genuine, when he knows that we are absolutely ready to say, "I forsake all, but I take you." Then we got it. Then we cross over Jordan. Excuse me, I'll call the musicians. Brother Bradom, he says, "That's the reason we don't get what we ask for." Brother Bradom says this. We try to take with us as much of our own ideas. We got to stop doing that, brothers and sisters. Guilty. I'm guilty. We got to stop taking our own ideas and thinking that it should be a certain way. You know, over in the book of James chapter 4 says it in there very very clearly. He calls the people adulterers and adulteresses. And why does he do that? If you go and listen to uh or even read in Romans chapter 7 how brother Brandham talks about the adulteress, someone who actually has a living husband but doesn't actually let that husband die and then goes and tries to get married again, goes and tries to get married to Christ, goes and tries to follow Christ but still has that old husband there. She's an adulteress and we know she is a type of the church, the feminine. If we are not willing to kill that old man, Brother Bradam says it, then we become an adulterer, an an adulteress, we cannot have two living husbands. We cannot do that. And I'll go so far as to say this, brothers and sisters, we cannot have two living wives. It's against the word of God. But in James, he says that we wind up asking upon our lusts. Oh my, I think that we should have it this way. I think that I should have it that way. Because of this in my life, because of that in my life, I believe that it should be the other. Soon as we start doing that, we've got problems. Brother Brandham, he says this in closing, maybe stand with me. He says, "There it stays. It cannot grow to that perfect image of Christ until every word of God is received into you." And then here we are, the pinnacle of the service. And then you become that word. It's like the seed that went into the ground. God bless you tonight, brothers and sisters. You are the paradox when that word goes inside of you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word. We thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can hear the word that you gave to this age, Lord. Father, we're so thankful, Lord, that we can lay ourselves upon your altar, Father, and and and and die out to ourselves, Father. Our desire is to know you in a greater way, in a greater measure. And Father, tonight I I just pray Lord while we're all praying to you, Father, that Lord, if there's anybody that doesn't know you the way that we've spoke about tonight, fully in the power of your resurrection to become a new creature in Christ Jesus. Father, I pray that you would just allow them, Lord Jesus, the space to come to the realization that they can know you that way. And one more time, Father, if there's anybody here whose experience has just grown cold because of the pressures of life, Father, I pray that Lord, they would be able to just raise their hands unto you, lift their cup up, and just ask you to fill their cup once again, Lord. Father, we know there was only one difference between the the virgins, Lord. One had oil and one didn't. And Father, that's why we gathered together in your name, so that we can have the oil that we need. Father, help us, Lord, to to see the old man die. Help us, Lord Jesus, to purge our minds and our hearts of old traditional thinking and and teachings, Lord, and just allow you, the spirit of truth, manifest to us and through us, Lord, that we would be able to see all of that old man die. Oh, Father, and that new life grow. Oh, Lord, help us to witness that new life growing in our lives. Father, we love you tonight and we thank you for your goodness and your tender mercies. Father, we pray that you would be with our visitors, Lord. That you would bless their way, Father, that you would just put a a spring in their step, Lord Jesus, and a song in their heart, Father, and grant to them traveling mercies. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just ask now that you would go with each one of us as we go our separate ways. And if it's your will for us to gather again on Sunday, Lord, we'll bring a sacrifice of praise unto you, Father. We'll recognize why we gather because we gather together in your presence. We love you and we thank you. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. In the presence of Jehovah. in the presence [Music] of Jehovah, God Almighty. Prince of peace. [Music] Dr. hearts are mened [Music] in the presence [Music] of our king. In the presence of Jehovah. in the presence [Music] of Jehovah. God Almighty, [Music] grad. [Music] are lifted in the praise. [Music] Can we sing 499? He touched me. [Music] shackled by a heavy burden. [Music] The Lord of Hill has shown [Music] [Applause] me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Now I am no longer the same. He touched me. He touched me. All the joy that floods my soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Amen. Since I met this blessed savior. Since I've met this blessed savior [Music] since he blessed and made me whole. Oh, I shall never cease to praise him. I'll shout in my [Music] Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. [Music] And all the joy that my soul [Music] something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, hallelujah. 270. By his grace, I am redeemed. Not living under the law. Amen. By his grace, I am redeemed. By his blood I am [Music] and I now can know him face to face by his power. Only by his might. is how I love [Music] in Christ. [Music] I will praise the glory of him. By his grace. Amen. By his grace I am. [Music] By his love I am. And I love him. still by his power. I have peace in Christ. I will praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Can we sing 427 as we dispense tonight? [Music] Start with the chorus. Do we know the verses? We do. All right. [Music] Okay, we'll start with the first verse. I care not today what tomorrow may bring with shadow or sunshine or rain. The Lord I know will live forever. [Music] All of my glory is my name Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Sh living my feel. [Music] Oh tempest may glow at the storing the brightness of life. I never overcast the song. I'm living by [Music] Jesus. trusting the fire [Music] in his [Music] shelter. [Music] I'm living my day and I feel all alone. [Music] I know that he safely will carry me through. No matter what evils, why should I care though? [Applause] Jesus lost to my son. I'm leaving my [Music] Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm living my dream and I feel no alarm. [Music] Our Lord will return to this thirst of sweet day. our trles to them all the masterless [Music] Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I'm feeling all [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Walter. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Excuse [Music] me. [Music] Do you [Music] do you? [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
