################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 2025-04-30 Bro. Barry - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    2025-04-30 Bro. Barry
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBQbavU8Phw
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
Wednesday, April 30th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome house of the Lord tonight. Good to have you as well. John, good to see you. I didn't know you'd be in service tonight, but good to see you all the way from Fort St. John just for us, right? For work and us. So, we'll we'll we'll we'll take it. We absolutely take it. I love to be in fellowship with brothers and sisters. Just thought I'd open it tonight with a little just came across it in my my reading tonight. This is Psalms 28. Says, "The Lord is my strength and my shield. My heart trusted in him and I am helped. Therefore, my heart greatly rejoices and my song will be a praise to him." I think that's what we're here to do tonight. To give him glory, give him honor through song. Stand with me if you would as we start tonight. Father, we love you. We worship you. We adore you. You're worthy of it, Lord. Father, we love you. We worship and adore you. Glorify thy name in all the earth. Oh yes, we'll glorify thy name. We'll glorify thy name. name. Oh, glorify thy name in all the earth. Oh father, we love you. We worship and adore you. Glorify thy name in all the earth. Oh, we'll glorify thy name. Oh, we glorify thy name. Oh, glorify thy name in all the earth. Oh yes, we'll glorify thy name. Oh, we'll glorify thy name. We'll glorify thy name in all the earth. And can you hear the sound from heaven like the sound of many waters? It's the sound of worship coming from the throne. Here we are. His throne tonight. Oh, there are cries on that nation as men from every nation. Oh, lift their voice to make his glory known. Oh, singing holy, holy, holy God you. Oh, singing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh yes, the heaveners and angels bow. But the redeemed we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. One more time brother Peter would you come. for singing holy holy holy are you Lord. Yes you are Lord. Oh singing holy holy holy are you Lord. Holy elders and angels bow. Oh but glory we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you. God bless you saints. Let's pray. Our precious heavenly father, tonight we can boldly say you are holy because you are holy. Your children are also holy this evening. Father, tonight we've come again Wednesday. Even to make it here was a battle. The devil trying to tell us you are tired. You can stay home. even to make it here. Lord, we want to thank you that we're able to make it here. Father, we have few minutes here. We don't want it to go wasted. Come speak to us tonight. Lord, come father to deal with us. Lord, you know your children, the needs that are among us tonight. Father, we don't hide them away from you. Lord, you know our heart. You know why we came here, Lord. apart from us coming together to worship you father we've come with various needs Lord and we pray that you answer each and everyone father tonight our pastor is laboring at the back there Lord trying to find your mind to speak to us tonight Lord would you help it father help him to bring your word and may we receive that word that is about to come once again father we want to say thank Thank you for this opportunity, Lord. Help each and everyone with unbelief as we gather here to hear your word. Even those that are streaming, those that are online, Lord, may you bless them as well. Brother Paul behind me, this the musicians behind me, Lord, help each one of us, Lord. Father, we love you. We thank you tonight once again for in Jesus name that we pray over this service. Amen. Amen. I thank you for the appearing. You may have your seats tonight, change of pace, but we are the bride of this last age. We've caught the revelation. We are complete. Just a wonderful, wonderful declaration. We've been hearing about election on Wednesday nights, couple Wednesday nights. We're thankful that we can gather this way tonight and confess, Lord, we're complete in you. Isn't that great news tonight? Well, God's attributes were manifested to his bride in this last age. We have caught the revelation by the last prophet's message. And we know who we are and what we're raised up for. Praise the Lord for the original life. The original life. The original seed. Oh, the original word. It's what I believe. Oh, the son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original light, the original seed. Oh, we are the word made flesh today. That is what the scriptures say. And our names are seen within, redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God whose original life. The original life, the original. Oh, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. That seventh seal is unveiled. The original life, the original seed. We are called unto adoption, full of authority and power. Sleeping saints will wake and join us for translation in this hour. Gentile days soon be over. Glory halleluah to our God. The original life, the original life, the original seed, the original word. Oh, it's what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life, the original seed. And it's not by works of righteousness, but by his grace alone. That's right. I got the wrong but by his grace alone. Sorry. It's not by works of righteousness, but by his grace alone. It's not by works of righteousness, but by his grace alone. And we are complete in him. Oh yes, we are complete. Complete complete in him. Oh, we are complete in him. Oh yes, we are complete, complete, complete in him. Oh, we are complete in. Oh, there's nothing more that I can do. For Jesus made it all. There's nothing more than I can do. For Jesus paid it all. There's nothing more that I can do for Jesus made it all. And we are complete in. Oh yes. Complete complete complete in. Oh we are complete in. [Music] Oh, come believe in the fullness of the God. He dwelleth in my Lord. The fullness of the God, it dwelleth in my Lord. The fullness of God and finally dwellth in my Lord and we are complete in oh yes complete complete complete in him. Oh we are complete in him. Oh yes, complete, complete, complete in him. Oh, we are complete in told me to come. Oh, there's now no condemnation to them who are in Christ. There's now no condemnation to them who are in Christ. There's now no condemnation to them who are in Christ. And we are complete in Oh yes. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. Oh, we are complete in him. Oh yes. Complete. Complete. Complete. Yeah. [Music] Um, I I just want to bring this special tonight. Um, I'm not singing. Um, hopefully the organ will sing. Um, but it's a song, the blood will never lose its power. Just thinking about it today. Satan is the biggest liar and many times it comes to us and tells us that sometimes we've seen a way at day of grace or there is no way back or something like that but it's just a reminder that that blood has so much strength that regardless of what it will never lose its power. Amen. I pray you be blessed. Feel free to join and sing along. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Dream girl. [Music] You're la. [Music] Through the garden. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Green. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Aren't you glad for that this evening? Thank you, brother Toby. Appreciate that. Stand with me if you would as we finish a couple choruses as our pastor comes. I love I love addressing the Lord this way. He's mine. He's yours. My Jesus, my sweet Savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Oh yes, my comfort, my shelter, power of [Music] reugees. Oh, let every breath. Oh, all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. Oh power and majesty, praise to my king. Oh, mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your new. Oh, I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. You deserve the [Music] gloryy. Yes, you do, Lord. Oh, and the honor, oh Lord, we lift our hands to [Music] worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory. [Music] Oh, Lord. We lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. to be a [Music] close. Oh, there is no one else like you. Yes, Lord. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. You do miracles. so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You're so great. Oh, you are great. Oh, you do miracles. so great. For there is no one else [Music] like there is no one else like you. You are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Don't you just love that song? So wonderful to sing it with revelation knowing that he's a person, not someone that came and died 2,000 years ago, but he's alive and well right here tonight. Just have a couple of requests for prayer tonight for Sister Rose Sonnie, Sister Mary Carpenter's sister. She's taken a a step towards the Lord and uh the devil is none too happy about that. And uh she's had a life that's uh been well-lived but not with the Lord. And she's decided it's time to take up her cross and follow Jesus. And she has moved. She has changed her life. It's upside down right now. She's been dealing with anxiety, insomnia, all manner of afflictions because those devils just don't want to go. But she's decided that she wants to take a stand and she would like to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And we all know how that happens. So, we're certainly happy for Sister Rose Sunonny tonight. We want to remember her in prayer. Brother Jerry Carpenter isn't feeling well in his body. We wanted to remember him as well. And if you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. Let's just go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what an honor and a privilege it is to gather together in your name, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Father, many times we think it would be so amazing to meet with a president or a prime minister or someone famous, but Lord, we're able to gather together in your name and you're there in our presence, Lord Jesus, the creator of the universe. Yes. Oh, Father, the King of Kings, the one that's in control of President Trump, the one that's in control of Prime Minister Carney. Oh, the one that's in control of every single government and secret society in this world. Oh, Father, we're so thankful that you're here tonight. And Father, we acknowledge you and we recognize you and greet you with a kiss, Lord Jesus. Father, we anoint you with oil. Father, we're not calling upon you to have a show like the Pharisee, Lord. Oh, Father, we want you to speak to us tonight. Oh, Father, tonight we just ask that you would bless Sister Rose Sonnie in the name of Jesus. Father, Lord, we've already prayed. So, Lord, we just rejoice as a body now for her, Lord, that that peace that passes all understanding would come by her way, Father. that she would have sweet rest tonight when she lays her head on her pillow. And Father, that you would grant her the desire in her heart, Lord, that that Holy Spirit promise of truth, Lord. Oh, Father, we know that you're more than able. And we thank you for the desire in the hearts of your children. Father, we pray for Jerry Carpenter, Lord, our brother and friend. We pray that you would raise him up, Lord, that you would touch his body. Father, we're so thankful that we can bring our needs to you, Father. Father, we pray for each and every need that's made known unto you tonight by the way of an uplift hand. Father, I have one as well. Father, I thank you for touching Isaac, our son. Lord, he's been contending with illness in his body for over two weeks now, and today he feels well. We thank you for touching him, Lord. Thank you for your healing touch in every one of our lives. Lord, we wouldn't know you as our healer if we didn't get sick in these bodies. Father, we're so thankful that you've given us that, Lord, healing in these bodies to show us that you are able to heal us. And if you're able to heal us, you're able to save us because it was a dual covenant that you did when you came here, Father. And you manifested that scripture that we've been reading in Isaiah chapter 53. We know that there has to be a prophetic utterance. There has to be a literal manifestation of it. Oh, Father, and we know that that that is the the representation of your spirit was turned loose there at Calvary, Father, that we could meet with you tonight. Father, we just love you and we thank you and we commit each and every need that was made known unto you tonight by the way of an uplift hand. We know that you're more than able. Father, we pray for those who couldn't be here tonight. Wherever they are, Lord, whether they're streaming or away working or traveling, Father, you're not bound by time or space, and we commit them into your hands as well, Father. Lord Jesus, we just love you and we thank you so much, Father, for all that you do in our lives. Now, we just want to turn towards you, Father, and the word that you have for us in this day. And we just want to exalt that to be the highest portion of this this gathering Lord Jesus. Father, acknowledging that you are here in word form, Lord Jesus. But Lord, not just in print, but on the lips of your children. So, Father, we just invite you now to take your position, Lord, in the hearts of your children. And we'll be careful to give you all the praise. We love you. We thank you. We ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. Thank you, brother Toby and brother Faren for the special once again. It just does something. If you have your Bibles, I want to continue talking about election tonight. I don't think we can get away from that anytime soon, but uh we'll just see what the Lord wants to do out of the second epistle of Peter, chapter 1. Second Peter, chapter 1. I was so uh so thrilled. I actually tuned into another minister and I heard him preaching from right here and uh it was just so encouraging. The Lord is good. Second Peter chapter 1, Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ. to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust and beside this giving all diligence Add to your faith virtue, and to your virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you, you don't make them, they make you, that ye shall neither be barren, nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind, and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if ye do these things, ye shall never fall. Amen. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we just ask tonight that you would impart to us your knowledge, Father, that we would be able to seek out our own election and our own calling, Father, to be able to hear your voice for ourselves. And Lord, not just to hear it, but to follow it. And and me too, Father. Lord, every one of us, we need you. And we just want to ask that Lord tonight you would just impart words of truth to us one more time as we walk with you along the way. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. God bless you, Brother John. Certainly good to see you here with us. The last time I saw Brother John, I was telling him in the parking lot we uh went up in CO and we went fishing. We drove for about 16 hours from here to go and meet him and his son and his daughter. And it was just a wonderful time of fellowship around a campfire and you know fishing. It doesn't get any better than that. And uh that was the first time that I actually saw I I thought that it could be the end really. It was at dusk. We were sitting by the campfire and the sky was still just a little bit light and the stars were starting to come out. But we saw this line, this string of stars going like this. It was just one after the other. I think we counted 17 of them. And uh we were able to determine afterwards that it was uh Elon Musk's satellites that were coming. But you know, they were coming out of the east, the northeast, and that's kind of the direction of Russia. And I just couldn't help but think, you know, one of these days. And in that moment to see something like that happening, you just have to think. The prophet of God said that not one of those bombs will go off, but the bride will go first. Not one bomb will burst, but the elected will leave. What a tremendous thing that that is to think about. But we we just had a wonderful time of fellowship and uh brother John is certainly a wonderful host and his family. We uh were treated like royalty and we're certainly thankful and hopefully one day we can return the favor. God bless you, brother. And uh just like to welcome Sister Epha back. Certainly wonderful to see you and uh we look forward to seeing you more over the summer. You happy tonight? Just wonderful to gather together in his name. And I'm going to read some out of the uh exposition of the seven church ages talking about election and uh really drawing from verse 10. Wherefore the rather brethren, this is second Peter chapter 1 verse 10. Wherefore the rather brethren give diligence. Be very careful. Make certain. Don't take it lightly. Be very, very diligent. In fact, be as diligent or more with our own salvation, our calling and election, we need to be so diligent with it, maybe even more diligent than we would be with our investments. Maybe more so than we would be with our jobs. Maybe more so than we would be with anything in our lives. Because if we do those things that we've read about, then we will not fall. And and that's the word of God. That's not our word. That's not a a pastor's word or an evangelist's word or even a prophet's word. That's the word of God. That's his word. I believe it's just a tremendous promise for us to be able to dial into that and think if we're able to do those things, then we will never fall. And being elected, I think that just resonates with the elected to never fall. Because when we are elected, you will never fall. If you can say amen to the word of God for our day and and say I'm elected, then you're never going to fall. Amen. We're going to fail in this flesh. This flesh will let us down so many times. Even our spirits will let us down so many times. But that's why brother Barry continually says we need to get the Holy Spirit because when we have the Holy Spirit in us then something else has the control tower of our lives. It has the control tower of our minds and most importantly it has the control tower of our mouths because we know it's not what we eat that defiles us. It's what comes out of us that defiles us. And you know sometimes uh our words can be bad. So anyways, we're talking about election taking it out of second Peter chapter uh 1 verse 10. And uh you know the question came up about uh election out of the exposition of the seven church ages and brother Bradomy talks about it and in the first one we we we we did this before we went away. We missed a Wednesday last Wednesday about this. Um but brother Brandham talks about in the exposition of the seven church ages and this is where the question arose. How can someone be lost and someone be saved? And that's just God's choice. How can that be? He's a God that loves everyone. He would that everyone would come onto repentance. But he created man to be a free agent, to have a free will. And for man to make a decision based on his own desire and his own spirit, whatever spirit's inside of there. And and that's why if we have the Holy Spirit, our our desire will always be to correct ourselves with this word of God. And if we don't have the Holy Spirit, we will want to correct ourselves according to our own knowledge. And we talked about it on Sunday, and I can't get away from the thought, you know, the the the word pride is just the exact same word as pride with one letter difference. Pride is the original sin. when we have too much pride in us. And I would say if we have a speck of pride in us, we have too much pride in us because we should have no pride in us as the bride because we're elected to be the bride. If we're the bride, we didn't just decide one day, hey, I'm I'm going to be the bride of Christ. That's not the way it works. He's a gentleman. He comes and introduces himself. He makes the introduction and then he invites us. He gives us the right hand of fellowship. He gives us the ability to accept the invitation. It's interesting because everybody has the invitation, but very, very few are able to accept it. The ones that accept it will accept it all the way according to his word. The others will say, "Well, I'll accept it, but only portions of it." Because, you know, that was a cultural thing for another day when they wrote this Bible. And you know, maybe the Bible's a little bit fallible and there's certain scriptures in there that just don't apply today. When we start to take pieces out of it, then we no longer have the pure word of God, which means we're lacking in his will. And and we will be lacking these things. The diligence that we're supposed to have will take us directly back to this word. The elected bride of Jesus Christ is such a special place to be. There oughtn't oughten to be one speck of pride in our lives. We we ought to be the most humble people ever that ever walk the face of the earth. We ought to be those people. And I say, "Lord, help me." Because there's times when I feel like someone stepped on my toes and I have righteous indignation and I should be able to step on their toes, maybe scuff their shoe the way they scuff mine or whatever. We're people. We're humans. But as the bride of Jesus Christ, we ought to follow his his example. As we read in Isaiah 53, he was led before the slaughter, a sheep before the the shear, gave up his wool. He It's his it's someone else's wool. Now, it's not my wool. He He went before the the the slaughter and and didn't say a word. He could have opened his mouth and called legions of angels and electrocuted maybe with lightning everyone. Opened up the ground and swallowed everyone. You know, that's the same God that dealt with Kora and Dayan was standing there in flesh that they were spitting on and buffeting and treating, mistreating. The same God that called us his bride. And you know, I want to say this tonight. I think it's so beautiful. You cannot be his bride without being elected. You cannot be his bride without being elected. Brother Brandham says it in the uh it is the rising of the sun. We've had many many churches, churches, brides and brides, but there has to be one one that that resurrection will come up in. And that one will be one. I love that thought. It's not going to be two brides. There's a bride at Calgary Living Word Assembly and there's a different bride at Saskatoon Tabernacle and we just don't see things the same. No, no, we'll see things exactly the same. Brother Brandham said it. We should be able to chew each other's gum, boy. And you know, people have tried to make doctrines out of that stuff, right? We're we're not we're not talking about the literal chew each other's gum. We should be so at ease with one another. Even if we don't see things eye to eye, we're still going to be able to fellowship together because we know who our God is. Now, I'm not saying there's anything there between me and Saskatoon Tabernacle. We're buddies. I I love Brother Dwayne and Brother Manow and all the saints there. Everything is great. There's no issue whatsoever. I I personally, if anybody wonders, I don't have issues with other churches. I am not at all interested in saying Calgary Living Word believes a certain way and someone else doesn't believe that way. So, we can't fellowship with them. If we hear that, that is a spirit of division. And I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ. I don't stand for that. Not for one second. If someone wants to worship God the way they want to worship God, then let them. If they say they believe that God sent a prophet and they do things differently than we do, let them. It's up to God. It's not up to us to sort people out. It's up to us to demonstrate the spirit that's inside of us, though. Amen. And we will. Out of the exposition of the seven church ages, the Ephesian church age. And I'm sorry I didn't send these. I failed. So when uh when you look back at the sound, guys, look at me. the exposition of the seven church ages. If you just type in now then I think there is something else out of the exposition of the seven church ages. The Ephesians church age. Now then I think there is something else you ought to know. I love it when the prophet talks like this. Just kind of perk your ears up and say, "Wow, what is it?" The seven churches which are addressed by John are in Asia Minor and are all gentile churches. I've just been uh this is a for free just been going through the feast of the trumpets. I'm sure everyone here is well verssed with that. Brother Bradom talks about in the feast of the trumpets how the seven church ages are not for the Jews. The seven trumpets are all for the Jews. The seven church ages are for the Gentiles. And uh yeah, it's right here. That's pretty neat. The seven churches which are addressed by John are in Asian minor are in Asia Minor and are all gentile churches. He does not speak to the church at Jerusalem which was mostly Jewish with perhaps just a few Gentiles in it. The reason is that God had turned from the Jews to the Gentiles. And one of these days very soon he will be turning all the way from the Gentiles back to the Jews. And that will manifest with the two prophets, Moses and Elijah, on the ground in the flesh, manifesting the anointing that they have. Thus, the whole of the church ages is God dealing with the Gentiles and calling out a Gentile bride to himself. So if we have the ability, brothers and sisters, to say that we're the bride of Jesus Christ, it's because he gave us an ear to hear that. And you know, every single church age has a bride in it. It's not only the Leodysian church age. It's not only just the bride age at the end, the culmination of all of the ages. Every single age has elected in it. Amen. And to prove that, you can look at the admonition to every single church age. The very last portion of that scripture in Revelations chapter 2 and chapter three is, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the church." And to me, I think that's so beautiful because what that does is a prophetic utterance. It unlocks the spiritual blessing to that age. For the people that are living in that age, the word of God has turned the key and allowed that spiritual anointing to be loosed upon all of his elect. And this is exactly what brother Brandham is saying here. Thus, the whole of the church ages is God dealing with the Gentiles and calling out a Gentile bride to himself. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the church. He goes on to say that makes the church ages and the fullness of the Gentiles the one and the same thing. This can seem like a really heavy topic. And I believe it is. This is about as thick as it gets. It's very difficult to understand and comprehend these things with the human mind. It takes the spirit of God to allow us to understand what's being said here in Acts 13 verse 44-48. And the next Sabbath day came, almost the whole city together to hear the word of God. But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy and spake against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and and blaspheming. And isn't that interesting how that's just kind of human nature, isn't it? When there's a move of God going on over there and it's not over here, people can begin to say things. People can begin to think things. I would say this isn't just the Jews. This is human nature. And we need to be very careful because when God's doing something, it's God doing something. And if we say that it's not God doing something, it's something else. Doesn't matter whether we call it a devil or not. If we say that it's not God doing something, that's blaspheming. When God is dealing with someone in their life, we have got to be careful that we're not talking bad about that doing in their life. And you know what God God is either in control or he ain't for us to say, "Well, it's not God doing that. Maybe it's not God doing that. Maybe God has allowed a devil to come and do that for that person in their lives so that his will will come to pass." Just like the prophet Micaiah, we know that story. I always preach on it. But it's God doing everything. It's his will that's coming to pass. It's so beautiful. Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold and said, "It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you, all you people getting all blasphemous and jealous and envious. All you had your chance. The word came to you first, but you rejected it." Can you imagine that? But you but seeing ye put it from you and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life. Can you imagine that? Wow. Lo, we turn to the Gentiles. Remember you guys said, "Give us a murderer instead. We'll we'll take a robber and a murderer instead." That That's who we would rather have. When Pilate came out and said, "Behold the man." Yeah, we'll take Barnabas. Not Barnabas. Barabbus. We'll take Barabbus. We would rather have a murderer and a robber than see Jesus Christ be saved and released. And let his blood so sure, so adamant about the anger and the hostility that was in them. Yes, sir. Let his blood be upon us and our children. And you know, they prophesied. I did not understand the savagery, the evil as I grew up and looked at World War II and studied it. But you look at that spirit that was behind what came at the Jews. And you know, brothers and sisters, that spirit ain't dead. That spirit's alive and well tonight in this world. And it's wild because you don't have to look very far and you can see it. It's the exact same spirit. But once again, someone probably from the Jews is going to be saying this to the Gentiles. Hey, you found it un unworthy to have this word preached to you. You decided to say, "Oh, that guy, that Kentucky Hillbilly, who is he? He thought he had a an edge on the word of God. He thought he was somebody and everybody exalted him and made him something." The Jews are going to say, "That was your man. That was God speaking to that generation, calling them out." and you chose to reject them. Now the word of God has come back to us. Can you imagine if you look at Israel, if you look at at at Israel and Jerusalem when they get together and sing, have you heard them sing together, it is unreal, the unity in their voice. And I can't help but think that voice is just getting stronger and stronger and stronger because just like it's the same spirit here that was in William, Mary, and Brandham that will go there and be in the Elijah there and Moses, that same spirit is the what am I trying to say here? The same spirit that was in the children of Israel crying out in Egypt when they were in bondage will be the exact same cries. Amen. Coming from under the altar, coming from the land of Israel, the promised land, calling for Messiah, for send us a deliverer. And we know that's coming. I should just stop preaching and start reading. Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold and said, "It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you. But seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles. For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth. And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad. And I could say, um, I'm glad. Amen. And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord. And as many as were ordained to eternal life believed. Isn't that beautiful? They were ordained to eternal life. I think they were predestined to eternal life. I think they were elected into eternal life. Romans 11 verse 1 to8 I say then hath God cast away his people God forbid for I also am an an Israelite of the seed of Abraham of the tribe of Benjamin God hath not cast away his people which he forneew these are these are important words what ye not what the scripture saith of Elias how he maketh intercession ession to God against Israel, saying, Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and dig down thine altars, and I am left alone, and they seek my life. But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself 7,000 men who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. I was going over this and it just struck me so hard to think about this. How many times we can look around and if we're not careful, that little speck of pride can be in our life and we think, you know, there's very, very few people that really actually believe this word of God the way that we believe it. Remember the prophet of God said that once upon a time and God had to come and say to him, listen, there's more than you think. I've got this under my control, not yours. I know you want to actually serve me and do your very best, but you got to let me do it. I think it's so beautiful the way he did that. But he had 7,000 men who had not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace. And if by grace then it is no more of works. Otherwise, grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace. Otherwise, work is no more work. What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the election hath obtained it. That is just astounding. and the rest were blinded, according as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear unto this day. You could imagine that when their eyes are open and their ears are open, those people are going to want to worship God with all of their heart. They will be the most fervent people on the face of the earth. Romans 11:25-29. For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery. Isn't that beautiful? Lest ye should be wise in your own conceits. That blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles become in. And boy, I can't help but think that that that sentence, that scripture has never been closer. Never been closer than it is tonight at this very moment. Amen. Boy, till all the Gentiles come in. And so all Israel shall be saved as it is written, there shall come out of Sion the deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob. For this is my covenant unto them when I shall take away their sins. Not them, not the priest, not the pope. He'll come and do it. I think it's so beautiful how those Muslims got really scared. They got really worried. And what did they do? They went and stopped up that eastern gate. Put some big, perfectly fitted stones in there. Probably reinforced it with some epoxy cement and maybe some rebar. They're going to make sure there ain't no no guy coming through that eastern gate, but ain't nothing going to stop the Messiah when he comes through that eastern gate. He's going to come through that eastern gate. I think it's so beautiful. My goodness. My covenant unto them when I shall take away their sins. As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes. But as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes. My, you know, sometimes in this life, you hear people getting upset. I think I've talked about this in the past, how they get upset about the Jews and how they did all the nasty things that we talked about with Jesus when he was being judged in the judgment hall with Pilate and how they wanted the murderer and the robber and they spat on him and they mistreated him. Everyone was against him. Even his disciples, they scattered. They ran. We know the rock, Peter, that one person that the Catholic Church claims that he built the church on, that man so unstable that he would curse and deny God and curse while doing it. Those people, they're elected. They are elected just like we are. Amen. just for a different portion of the scripture. And and it's so amazing because some people in this world, they will be scorners at the Jews and say the Jews are terrible people because they did that. They crucified the Lord. And and it wasn't the Jews that did it. I'll say it this way. It wasn't the Jews that did it. It was it was the makeelievers and the unbelievers. It wasn't the truly elected Jews that put Jesus Christ on the cross. It was the evil spirits that were inflicting all of the other people that were not actually Israel. Because not all Israel is Israel. Not all those people that claim to be the true Jews are actually Jews. Just like not all the people that claim to be the bride of Jesus Christ in the gentile church are actually real bride of Jesus Christ. But this part here as as touching election they are beloved for the father's sakes and to think they were blinded for us. My goodness. For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. Such a beautiful thing. These seven churches located in Asia Minor contain certain characteristics within them at that ancient date which became the mature fruit of later ages. What were just seed plants back there came out later in mature harvest even as Jesus said for if they do these things in a green tree what shall be done in the dry? And that's when the fruit is actually hanging on the tree, right? When it's full mature. I just love this this topic of election because it's God's choice. Amen. And as much as we would like to say we could potentially put ourselves there. There's nobody that could put themselves into the category of elected to say that they're elected. And you know, we just came through an election. I'm not going to get political one way or the other, but we're not talking about casting ballots election. We're talking about being elected, fornown before the foundation of the world, having been known, predestinated, and fornown in the mind of God before there was one speck of stardust. Before there was one piece of dark matter in this universe, before there was anything, we were in the mind of God. Amen. We were fornown. We were predestinated to be the elected of the age. That's the election that we're talking about. To be chosen is really what it comes up as in the Greek lexicon. To be chosen, brother Brandham, in the Sriian church age, in the exposition of the seven church ages. And this is sort of the the the area where the question came out of how how one could be uh righteous and one could be unrighteous. One could be saved, one would be lost. How can that be? And and I think the the critical factor to all of this, brothers and sisters, if I could impart one thought that I think is so important is we just need to remember it's not up to us to determine who is who. It's up to God to determine who is who. As soon as we say they don't believe the way the way that we do, they they've got this thing that they do. And and as soon as we start doing that, we're actually going to be in error ourselves because it's God that justifieth, isn't it? And it's so beautiful because justification gives way to sanctification. Sanctification gives way to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But there comes a point in time where the truly elected will see the baptism of the Holy Ghost give way to the baptism of the Holy Ghost itself in their lives. the literal life of Jesus Christ walking and talking on earth again in his bride body. It's more than just an association. Way more. But he goes on to say here in the exposition of the seven church ages out of the Sriian church age. Now the Lord God Almighty says, I know there he is walking in the midst of his people. There he is, the chief shepherd of the flock. But does he hold back the persecution? Does he stem the tribulation? No, he does not. And you know, I wonder I I don't have the scripture in front of me. It just makes me want to preach when I get into reading like this. It's just interesting, you know. He doesn't hold back the persecution. He doesn't hold back the tribulation. I just want to say this. Paul, the first church age messenger, remember that God gave him a thorn in the flesh. He gave him a thorn in the flesh. And that to him made him a masterpiece because what happened was he had this thorn and he was potentially puffed up with revelation because the word of God says because I don't want you to get puffed up with revelation. I'm going to give you this thorn in your flesh. And we know there's a few different versions of what that could have been. I'm not really going to try and get into that. I'm just going to say the flesh was a problem for Paul in a certain area. And and many times we can have a problem in our flesh in a certain area. And and you know, Paul sought Paul, the first church age messenger, the one with all the revelation, the one that met him in the pillar of fire on the way to Damascus. That guy who had his name changed, who had his character changed, had such an experience with the Lord, but he had to get knocked off his high horse. Yes, he had to go and put his face to the ground before God. And once he did that, he recognized who it was because he said, "Who art thou, Lord?" He knew what was going on. But he had to actually go through the process. And and even once he was through that process and became revelated, became justified, became sanctified, became so filled with the Holy Ghost, he was the first church age messenger. He prayed to God and said, "Take it away." Three times thrice is what the Bible says. And God said, 'You know what, Paul? So that you don't get puffed up beyond measure with the level of revelation that you got, you're going to have this thorn in your flesh. And you just need to remember that one thing is important to you, and that is that my grace, my elective grace is sufficient. Amen. So, if it was good enough for the church age messenger, oughtn't it be good enough for little old us here tonight to say that his grace is sufficient when we've got that thorn in our flesh, brothers and sisters, to know that we've got that thorn in our flesh because he's allowed it so that we don't get puffed up beyond measure. We've got the full open book if we take this book and eat it up. If we take the message and eat it up, brothers and sisters, I believe it with all my heart. With the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our lives, we can be as revelated as Paul the Apostle was. We've got the full open book. John was told to take the book and eat it up. I'm not saying that we'll ever be the level of a prophet. That was a very specific office that Paul was in. We'll never be the the prophet for this age. No. But I believe revelation is from God. Revelation is not exclusive to people. Revelation is so that we can actually realize who we are. We're not our own. But does he hold back the persecution? Nope. Does he stem the tribulation? No, he does not. Is what the prophet says here. He simply says, "I know your tribulation. I am not at all unmindful of your suffering. What a stumbling block this is to so many people. I heard a brother preaching recently and I thought it was so good. He said, you know, we uh all the time hear about the praise reports and it's so wonderful when God answers our prayers the way that we ask it. But do we ever come and actually give a praise report that God didn't answer my prayer the way that I wanted it to? But I know he answered it the way that he wanted to answer it and that's good enough for me and I'm willing to praise him for it. Do we bring those reports forward? I thought, man, that's next level. I don't know. I've I don't think I've ever done that. But it sure made me wonder. Are we willing to praise him when he says no? What a stumbling block this is to so many people like Israel. They wonder if God really loves them. How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? And we know many times we hear people in the world say that. It's it's a simple argument and and it makes a lot of sense when you see this world. You see so many terrible things in this world. You see children, helpless children persecuted by evil people. How could God stand by and just let that happen? I think it's so important to to recognize he's sovereign in every single situation. And we just need to trust him by faith. We we can't say that we understand it and perfectly explain it. If we could do that, then we wouldn't need faith. We could go to a a Bible college and and eat the book the way that they give it to us and and put our badge on and put our plaque on the wall and say that we're educated in the ways of the word and all is well and we'd have no room for revelation. Right. Right. He says like Israel, they wonder if God really loves them. How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? And I think it's amazing when we look at the world, we can see complete uh aliens from the economy of God, people that aren't actually documented elected believers. But what about when believers have the thorn in their flesh and believers get the persecution in their lives? And that's what he's talking about here. He stands by and watches his people suffer. That is what they asked in Malachi 1:es 1 to3. the burden of the word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi. I have loved you, saith the Lord. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Oh my, I had this problem and I had that heartache and I had the other thing that happened in my life. Where did you love me, Lord? Yet ye say, wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother, saith the Lord? Yet I loved Jacob and hated Esau and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness. He says, you see, they could not figure out God's love. It's much different than a mother's love. It's much different than the way we might love our children. Amen. And it's much different than the way we might love one another. It's God's love. It's elective love is what we learned with our church age study. He said they thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant a baby with parental care. But God said that his love was elective love. The proof of his love is. And that's why I can't help but just stick on this for a little while. Brothers and sisters, it's so important for us to recognize what brother Brandham means. And and I'm not saying this is it can sound like I'm trying to bring correction to a prophet or or whatever, but if we have the ability to hear the word of God for our day, it's because God gave us that ability. And that ability comes by the Holy Ghost. Amen. We have a desire in our life to go to church. We have a desire in our life to take our children to church. We have a desire in our life to follow the word of God. As we eat the book, we become the book. The more we learn about it, the more we want to follow it. And the more we want to follow it, the more we do what it says to do. And when it says to repent, we want to repent. And it says get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of our sins. We want to do that. Amen. Why do we want to do that? because we're elected. The ones that aren't elected will say, "Well, I've been baptized in Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and it's good enough." It's just like baking a chocolate cake and saying, "I'm going to substitute salt for the sugar." Looks exactly the same, weighs exactly the same, probably bakes up exactly the same. I remember my pastor preaching that, Brother Ken. But take a nice slice of it, put some whipped cream and some ice cream on it and try and eat it. Even though it looks the same, it ain't going to taste the same. It's the same thing with the Holy Ghost. If you want to know what the recipe is, follow the word of God. Why didn't anybody baptize in the name of the father and the name of the son, in the name of the holy ghost? Documented word in the Bible. If that's the case, why didn't it just come from Nia Rome? We all know. But God's love is elective. God said that his love was elective love. The proof of his love is election. If we have the ability to hear the word for our day, that means we have the Holy Ghost in our lives. Because not everybody can hear this word. Not everybody desires to come and hear this word. In fact, a lot of people, if you say one thing just a little bit wrong, then they get all offended and run away from this word. Why is that? And what about all the other people that would just never listen to it at all? God's love is elective love. The proof of his love is election. That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact that they were chosen unto salvation. Many people claim Jesus Christ. Many people claim the blood. But how many people are willing to follow the word of a vindicated prophet for their day? Amen. I just can't get away from the thought of Jeremiah. If you want a good visual of that, watch that movie Jeremiah. It's called Jeremiah, the movie. And how his life was. God called him. He was a prophet from his mother's womb. He was a major prophet. And all he did was what God told him to do. He couldn't do anything else. He was that prophet. And every single time he went and told them, cried out to them, "Get back to the word of God." They were, they had disdain for him. Who are you? We know who you are. You're just a little punk trying to puff yourself up and make yourself somebody. You're acting like you're you're you're the biggest pebble on the beach. What are you doing? embarrassing your parents and and mocking the church and telling them they're all wrong and telling everyone to repent. We're all Christians. We've been doing this longer than you've been alive. What do you have to say? And all he was saying was what God put in his mouth. Get back to the word of God. Get back in line with the word of God. It's the same thing today. But not everyone can do it, brothers and sisters. I think it's so incredible, so amazing to even talk about it. How incredible is it that we have the ability to hear? How incredible is it that we could say that we're elected to hear? How incredible is it to say that we've been called unto salvation? It's not just something that we act. We don't just go to church Christmas and Easter and just maybe if our baby's getting christened or whatever or maybe if we go and have a communion service once in a year or whatever, this election causes something to stir in our lives. And I think it's so amazing because it causes music. It causes worship. It causes amens, doesn't it? It's so incredible. It causes us to get out of bed early in the morning to pray. It causes us to get out of bed and come to church and to fight our way across the city when we're tired and we much rather just go to bed or or relax and put our feet up on a Wednesday night. It constrains us. This election is something that I don't think we should ever take for granted. His love, the proof of his love is election. that no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact they were chosen unto salvation. Because God hath chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. I understand the word of God as much as I need to. And that is that I need to be baptized and I get the Holy Ghost in my life. And when I get the Holy Ghost in my life, it's not going to be a flowery bed of ease. It's not going to be a bowl of cherries. It's not going to be rainbows and butterflies. That's when it actually starts. But at least we know we have an advocate. At least we know who is living outside of our life, who's living from the inside of us, shining to the outside world. And we know the word of God says take no thought in the day that you need to. When people come around and they try and poke you and prod you and say things about God, you don't have to take thought. You don't have to try and premeditate stuff. The spirit will speak expressly through the individual. It's beautiful because God hath chosen you to salvation through the sanctification of the spirit. With his spirit in our lives, we become justified and sanctified. And it gives us the ability to have the spirit of truth in our lives. It gives us the ability through the Holy Ghost to say amen to the word of God. I never saw it that way before, but it's in the word of God. So, I must line up with it. I just simply must. I don't understand it and I can't explain it, but I know I just have to do it the way the word of God says it. And and we could take so many different examples and put them in there. I'm not going to do that tonight. But you don't necessarily have to teach someone all of the things that has to happen. Right? Let maybe we would just use one example, the most basic example there is. And and I would say it this where brother Brandham I think he was in South Africa. He was in Africa was it when he had the great campaigns and there was a tribes tribes were there in the speedway and they had fences dividing them because they didn't want to have tribal differences and they brought certain people up at certain times for prayer when they needed it. And one of the tribes, they actually were just naked. The women were just naked. The men were just naked. But he uses the example of the women. They came up, they got prayed for, and something happened to them. Suddenly, from being naked, just standing in front of everyone the way they've always lived their lives. Suddenly, they wanted to cover up. Suddenly, they were embarrassed about being naked. And nobody said to them, "You better put on a coat or you can't go up there. Oh, sister, you're wearing pants. You can't come in. We never want to become that way. Soon as we become that way, there's something wrong. But all we need to do is get people to Christ. If we can truly get people to the living God. Let them see that it's a living word in our lives. It's not just an association or just a membership of a church. It's actually the church of the living God to be elected to be predestined. God hath chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. We can believe what God's prophet sent when we read the exposition of the seven church ages. Something inside us just says, "Yeah, that's what that's that paragraph is. It's so good. He may commit you to death as he did Paul." And you know, brothers and sisters, if we don't go in the rapture, that's what's going to happen. That's that's the truth. It could be young. It could be old. Could be in between. It's God's choice. It's not our choice. Our choice is God. So long as we choose God, we've done our part. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. Oh man, we could take both of those two sentences and I believe I could preach a series on both of those, but I'm not going to tonight. So, don't get nervous. We got about nine minutes left. But he might commit you to death as he did Paul. He might commit you to suffering as he did Job. I say, Lord have mercy. That his that is his prerogative. He's sovereign. But it's all with a purpose. And what's the purpose, brothers and sisters? The purpose is so that he can have that gold that was tried in the fire given to his church. That the church could buy that gold. And how do we buy it? By killing ourselves through the sufferings that we go through. It shapes and molds our character into his. Oh my. And this is where he starts to see his reflection. And when he does, he's gonna strike it and he's gonna say speak. And I could jump ahead and I think I did before, but it's so beautiful because when he says speak, that's the commission for the day in which we live. It ain't to speak squirrels into existence. And it's not to actually call little fishy to life. It's to speak the word. Speak the word of God that's in our heart and and have full confidence that it's not us doing it, it's him doing it. It's all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. He his purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. And isn't that exactly what happened with him? He learned obedience through the what? through the things that he suffered, the things that he suffered. God in flesh learned obedience in his flesh through the things that he suffered. Oh my, I think about this and it just astounds me because that means that I've got some sufferings because I need I need to be more obedient. I know it. And every one of us, we have this in our lives. We've got to kill the old man. I I just think of his love as elected. What a beautiful thing it is. We We've been chosen unto salvation. I think it can give us the ability to forget the struggles in our minds. It can give us the ability to forget the struggles in our bodies and say, "Lord, if this is your will for me to go through this the way that it's happening, then obviously it must be your will or it wouldn't be happening this way. So, if that's what you want, Lord, then bring it on. then do it because I know it's going to be for my good. It's going to be so that you're exalted in me one way or another. Whether you want me to go to the grave so that you can take me home, okay? Or whether you want me to go in the sky, okay? But if I can rejoice in the midst of my trials, it's not going to be me rejoicing. It's going to be God rejoicing. I remember hearing a story, and I hope it's okay. I remember hearing a story one time about brother Ken, how he had the devil come around and got him, knocked him to the ground. He told me that he was on the floor of his bathroom and the whites of his eyes went yellow. And if you know about the medical stuff, that's bad news. This was a long time ago. And he said that in the midst of it, he started to rejoice. He started to praise and the devil was trying to make him feel like he was in deep trouble. He's got a big huge problem. But you know what happened is it cleared up and it just went away. I I just struck me. It stuck with me and and perhaps maybe I got the story wrong just a little bit and forgive me if I did, but I it's the way I remember it. And I remember so passionately thinking about it to rejoice in the midst of that. I would want to run to the doctor and say, "What's wrong with me? I I feel this terrible thing and my eyes look like this. It's got to be terrible. But to think that God allows these things to happen, I can't help but think, brother Ken, he read the church age book and I know he did. He believed it. He believed that God's love is elective. And in order for us to be able to go through these trials, he gives us his spirit. And I can't help but think it's just his spirit that worships inside of us. But when we can do that, I believe what it does is it just shows the devil he's got no hope. He's got no chance. There's nothing that he can do. He's not going to have any success. And we know that the prophet said, "The devil come to the place where he just doesn't know what to do with you. Every time I slap you down, you praise God. Maybe I better leave you alone. You'll stop praising the Lord a little bit." Right? I think it's such a beautiful thing. And you know this this thought about election, it doesn't give us the ability doesn't give us the liberty to make grace a disgrace. And and we talked about this a little bit. Maybe we'll get into it in the future here, but you know the the difference between Calvinism and Armenianism. We can say one way that you know it's all about our works and and everything that we do is going to give us a better foothold in the kingdom of God. And the other one's going to say it's all elective love. So, you know, it doesn't matter what happens. I'm already saved. I was fornown before the foundation of the world. So, it doesn't matter if I have a little drink with supper with lunch. It's just a little bit of wine for the stomach's sake. It doesn't matter what I do. God's going to He's already saved me before the foundation of the world. So, if I do this or or whatever, we can make grace a disgrace if we're not careful. And the devil just loves to do that. He loves to do that. I think this elective love, it just gives us a clear view of our victories in the love divine, doesn't it? I'll call the musicians as I finish reading this section here, and we'll probably come back to this next week, Lord willing. As Job said, he puts strength in us. Job 23:6b. You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience through the things that he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. Hebrews 5:8-9. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Isn't that beautiful? In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. I remember talking to an elder the one time about the suffering in my flesh specifically very specifically about me and he said you know it's it's the way it is we all have things but if it's there what would you rather have would you rather have something else something tragic or would you rather be like Paul and just glory in your infirmities because you know that God has allowed it to rest upon you so that you don't get puffed up. It really changed my perspective to be able to say my maybe it's not that bad. Maybe God knew that I would actually have this and that I would have to go through this because he knew that I would overcome it. And I think, brothers and sisters, we're not going to be overwhelmed by anything here on earth. The devil can't do it. He isn't going to leave us or forsake us. But he will allow us to go through a little bit of suffering to see his character worked out in our lives. He's left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. And like we talked about on Sunday, you know, we're not dealing with the Roman coliseum. We're not dealing with all of the evil things that happened in World War II to the people. We're not dealing with all of that that terrible, terrible things that all of our brothers and sisters had to go through. We We've got a new level of problems in our lives. But he's not He's not on vacation. He knows exactly who we are. He knows exactly where we live and he knows exactly what's in our heart even right now. He goes on to say, why did he want this? James 1:es 2 to 4. Maybe stand with me as we we close here. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 and 18. And if children, then heirs, heirs of God, and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to the glory which shall be revealed in us. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. And you know that's the promise to the Leodysian age. He that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. And if we're going to reign in his throne, we're going to have to suffer. That's just the way it is. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. And if you've ever met people that have gone through stuff, tragic stuff, you can see that there's a level of character that's different than everyone else. Character is a victory, brothers and sisters. It is not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. Amen. And I don't say this lightly, the little temporary suffering we go through now, I I'll say it this way. The suffering that we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that shall be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. What a tremendous, tremendous lesson this is. I'm going to stop there tonight. And I just trust that the Lord will bless the words that were spoken. Character is a victory, brothers and sisters. And there's nobody that's getting out of here without going through the character development that we need. And once we get to that level of character development, he's going to strike the image because he sees himself. Not because we're bad, not because we did wrong. I just think it's so beautiful to be elected is God's choice. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word tonight. Thank you for your character, Lord. We know that you're working it out in each and every one of our lives, Lord. And Father, we don't glory in sin. Father, we don't accept the way that this flesh wars against the spirit. As long as we're here in this flesh, Lord, we know that we will be in a pest house. And one day, we know that you will deliver us from it, Father. Amen. Hallelujah. But Lord Jesus, as long as we're here, we just ask that you would help us, Lord, to give you the praise and the glory and the honor that you desire because we know that there's nothing that will ever be laid upon us that's too great for us, Lord. There's nothing that will ever afflict us that will truly destroy us because anything that happens to us is ordained from you. And because of that, it's creating a character that's fit to rule with you in your throne. Lord, we pray that you would just be with us as we go our separate ways tonight. Father, that you would keep your hand upon us each and every step of the way. And if it be your will for us to gather again on Sunday, Lord, we'll be careful to bring you a sacrifice of praise, Lord. A sacrifice of thanksgiving, Lord, a free will heave offering unto you, knowing that you are more than worthy, Lord. We love you and we thank you. We just commit each life into your hands now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. My goodness. Can we sing that song? The lights of the city. The lights of the city. Please remember the prayer meeting tomorrow night, 7:30 at the church. John tells of a city that he saw coming down where no sorrow or death will be known. [Music] that someday we can go there through his marvelous grace forever live in that heavenly home. I can almost see the light of that city. All around great white throne. Through faith in my savior and his wonderful love I can almost see the light of. [Music] And sometimes when I'm burdened and my cross seems hard to bear that old Satan tries to give my view. I just look onto Jesus. He is standing close by. And once again his great light shines through. I can almost see the lights of the sea. Season of gathering all around the great white throne of my savior and his wonderful love. I can almost see the light of Can you almost see it tonight? My Can we sing? Word of God ever true. Amen. Word of God. Holy word, long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Let the ancient words impart. Word of God never true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us for in this world where we go. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever changing me. changing. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith hand down to his age came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Word of God is true. It's changing me. Changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God in our word of God. Word of God ever changing me change. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. One more song tonight. I don't know if we know the know the verses. Uh, mercy rewrote my life. We know that. [Music] Oh, mercy rerro my life. Mercy re my life. I should have fallen my soul cast down but mercy of my life. your hand. Oh mercy. God bless you tonight. of my life. My heart in my soul. Great God. [Music] always [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Do you remember? [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
