################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 2025-04-20 Bro. Emmanuel - Witnessing the Resurrection - Emmanuel Sarpong.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    2025-04-20 Bro. Emmanuel - Witnessing the Resurrection
Speaker:  Emmanuel Sarpong
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 3h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UF6rkjt7L4
========================================

Description:
Bro. Emmanuel Sarpong
Sunday, April 20th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
Notes: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G7poGjUBVxAVH9KYY57d4MtmOh6e56Sz/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=101317508905725306129&rtpof=true&sd=true
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hello everybody. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love you, Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing, "I love you, Lord. I love you." Amen. What a wonderful song just to start the service with, just to express our love to him. Do you love him this morning? Amen. You love him for what he did for you. Amen. He bore our sins. He died on Calvary. And we get to remember that this morning. Let's all stand to our feet. Welcome to each one that's joined us today. Let's start by singing. He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Oh, I will enter his gates. Thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me [Applause] glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving. I will enter his Lord with praise. And I will say the savior that the Lord has. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. For he has made me glide. He has made me mine. I will rejoice. For he has made [Applause] me. He has made. He has made me. I will rejoice for he has. Amen. Let's sing number one. Uh he wonderful merciful savior. And then I'll ask brother Henry if he'll come and open the meeting for us in prayer. Oh, wonderful merciful, precious and friend over that lamb. Rescue the soul. Oh, you rescue the souls of men. Verse two, oh counselor, come spirit we long to embrace. You are for hope when our hearts hopelessly lost our way. Oh, you hopelessly lost the way. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace you found hearts always. Oh our hearts always hunger for. Oh Almighty, infinite father, faithfully loving your own. Here in our weakness, you find us. Falling before your throne. Oh, we're falling before your throne. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace we found. Hearts always hunger. Oh, our hearts always hunger for you. You are the one that we praise. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace we found. Hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts always hunger. [Music] Let's just bow for a word of prayer. Precious Lord, you are the one we hunger for. This is why we're here, Lord, to feed from that living word. Lord, we just thank you for that, oh God. And Lord, Paul says we need to give an offering of sacrifice and praise, Lord. Help us to continually remember that when we're in our downs and even our ups in life, Lord, just to continually offer that sacrifice of praise. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the testimony of our brother Pete, Lord, as he's gone, Lord, to the other side. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the time, Lord, that they could uh the family could spend together in the Saskatoon area. We just pray that you'd bless them, oh God. We just thank you, Lord, for this morning, Lord, as fair weather, Lord. We just thank you, Lord, for the warmer weather rather than the winter and cold, Lord. We have to accept them all, Lord. But we just thank you for that. Just pray Lord that you'd give our brother MVIN Lord as he comes Lord to u sacrifice his gift Lord to give them a col off the altar Lord and and Lord to feed your people Lord we just thank you for all these things we just want to remember those that are in need of uh prayer. Lord, just thinking of my daughter Catherine with a cold and not feeling good. You are the healer, oh God. We just thank you, Lord, that you do all things well. We just thank you, Lord, for this morning. We just pray that you'd be with us as we go into the remainder of the service. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. We sing our next song. In Christ alone, my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my [Music] song. Christ the Lord with whom he is found. He is my Lord, my strength, my song. This [Music] cornerstone firm with the faces and strong. What heights of love, what depths of peace, when fears are still when striving cease, my comforter, my holy call. Here in the love of Christ, I stand. Christ alone took flesh, fullness of God in helplessness. This gift of love and righteousness formed by the ones he gave to save. On that cross as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied for every sin on him was laid. Oh, here in the Christ I live. There in the ground his body lay light on my darkness. Then bursting for his glorious day. Oh up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, sets curses across his grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Hold on with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life. No fear in death. Oh, this is the power of Christ in me was cry to find the breath. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever block me from his hand. Till he returns for close. Oh year in the crown of Christ I'll stand. No power in hell. No power in hell. No scheme of man can ever block me from his hand to thee return home. Oh here in the power of Christ I'll stand. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We worship you Lord. We thank you Lord Jesus for what you've done for us Lord. Amen. Let's all stand to our feet as we sing you are my all in all. Then we'll ask the deacons to come forward and take up the offering. For you are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I see. You are my all. seeing you as a precious jewel. I want the Holy Ghost to you are my all and all Jesus lamb of God. Worthy is your [Music] name Jesus. Lamb of God, worthy is your name. taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my all in [Music] all. Oh, when I fall down, you wake me up. When I am dry, fill my cup. You are my holy Jesus. Lamb of God, worthy is your name. is the surren of God. Worthy is yours. Let's sing it one more time. Then the deacons will come up. Jesus, oh lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Amen. The deacons can come forward and take up the offering. Amen. Let's just sing it once more as they come up. Oh Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Worthy is your name Jesus. Worthy is your name. Amen. Just have a few announcements before we go to prayer. Uh we actually have a praise report from sister kindness. She wants to ask asking us to join her in thanking the Lord for healing of her body after we had prayed for Amen. Amen. We have a prayer request here for sister Fumi. she is uh on her way to Ohio and she's traveling for work and she'll be back next week. So, we want to remember her in in prayer and remember all the saints that are traveling this weekend. Uh let's remember all them in prayer as well. We also have another prayer request here. Brother Op, uh his mom has passed away. He wrote, "I'm writing with a heavy heart to inform you that my dear mother has passed away today." This was the other day. She had been battling cancer for some time, beginning with breast cancer and undergoing chemotherapy. After leaving Canada last year, she was later diagnosed with cervical cancer despite multiple surgeries and much effort. It has pleased the Lord to call her home. Amen. While we walk and take comfort in knowing she is at rest, my family and I humbly ask for prayers of the church for strength, comfort, and peace during this difficult time. Amen. So let's just remember that as we go to prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, once again, Father, we assemble in your name, Father. Hallelujah. With thanksgiving in our hearts, Father, for not only what you've done 2,000 years ago, Father, but every year since, Father, right up into right now in this very moment, Lord, we thank you for your many blessings and healings, Father. You truly are the risen lamb, Father. And we stand here today with the testimony that you are risen. You didn't die in vain, Father. Your bride is standing, walking forward in your promises, Father. Father, we just ask that you would comfort Brother Op, Father, in this time of loss, Lord. We It's bittersweet, Lord. We I've experienced that, Father. Lord, and Satan comes around, Father, and starts to question, poke and prod, Lord, may you just comfort them all, Father. They've lost a mother, lost a a a grandmother, Father, Lord, a sister, Lord. She's been here and walked amongst us for a short time. Father, Lord, strengthen them, Lord. You meet all our needs, Father. We bring it all to you. We can't do it without you, Father. Bless this service, Father. Lord, we pray. We ask you, Lord. We invite you. We know you're already here for your word claims it, Father. Lord, and we stand and say, "Welcome. Bless our service, Lord. Bless everything that's said and done, Father. We brought our tithes and offerings, Lord. We brought our praise and worship, also our tithes and offerings, Lord, just laying it at your feet. Use it for your kingdom. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Let's sing 10,000 Reasons. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Um, and after that, we're going to have quite a few song specials. The first one's going to be the Sunday school. So, if they're ready, they can come up um and sing their song special uh after we're done with this song. And then immediately after that, Brother Don, Sister Katherine will come up, Brother Faren, and Sister Dena. So, we've got a full program this morning. Um, so if the Sunday school can get ready uh to come up and sing after this song. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. The sun comes up. It's a new day. It's time to sing a song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me. Let me be singing when the evening comes. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. I'll worship his glory name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy [Music] name. Your gracious film to your name is great and your heart is high. For all your goodness, I will keep on singing. 10,000 pieces for my heart to find. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Let's sing it one more time. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. So after the Sunday school, then it will be brother Don will come up, then sister Katherine, brother Faren, and then sister Edena. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] [Music] Deep and wide. Deep and wide is a mountain. Deep wide. Wide and deep. Wide and deep. There's a fountain wide and deep. Wide and deep. Wide and deep. There's a wide and deep for you, for me. Jesus died [Music] in Jesus. [Music] One more time. Deep and wide. Deep and wide. There's a fountain flowing deep and wide. Deep and wide. Deep and wide. There's a fountain flowing deep and wide. Wide and deep. Wide and deep. There's a fountain flowing wide and deep. Wide and deep. Wide and deep. There's a fountain flowing wide and deep. For you, for me, Jesus Christ is a fountain flowing blood and wine for me. Jesus died deep and [Music] wide. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Beautiful. Thank you, sisters and children. The last few services, our pastor's been asking, you know, what does Easter mean to us? What does it mean to you? Earlier this week, I was driving in my car and this thought came on my mind and it developed into this poem, but it's called Higher than the Eagle. I watched an eagle fly today, soaring on wings of golden gray. He glided upon the wind so high, carefree, unbound, with regal pride. He seemed the freest heart in flight, yet he even he knows not my height. Though his wings may kiss the blue and ride the heaven's deepest blue, you he knows not what my soul feels when Jesus comes and breaks my seals. For I, a child redeemed by grace, am soaring beyond time's dwelling place. The eagle flies, though his wings The eagle flies, yet bound, he's still he's bound to nature's pool, to earth's own ground. But I have been loosed from sin's dark chain, from self, from flesh, from inward shame. No longer clothed in rags of pride, but robed in Christ beyond sanctified. No voice of guilt, no whisper sly, no fear beneath the serpent's lie can hold me from my place above. I've tasted perfect holy love. The law fulfilled, the curse undone. The war is over. Victory won. Free from the grave. Free from fear and night. All things now brought into the light. My thoughts confined, my steps made sure. My soul proved clean. My heart made pure. No veil remains. No shadow hides. The living word within me rides. Oh eagle, noble in your flight. You rise on wings of sheer delight. Yet you know not the liberty bestowed by Christ who dwells in me. I've been raised from dust and sod to reign as son a child of God. True freedom breeds where spirit dwells where living water breaks the wells. Not just to fly but to become one with the father spirit son. This is liberty the world cannot see. The holy blood that purchased me. So let me fly, but not alone. I mount the wings that lead me home beyond the eagle's elevated heights to where my savior and king awaits. This is my freedom, pure and true. Not just to fly, but to be made new. Lord bless you. [Applause] Thank you, brother. Sister Katherine and her group can come up. Then, Brother Faren and then Sister Dina come and sing for us. God bless you all. [Music] And then the stream of pilgrims made their way into Jerusalem to offer up the gold, the lamb and death. Atonement for their sin was made. only for a season. Their empty hearts still cried out for a lasting peace and love. And from Bethlehem he came. Remember was his name. He knew the world would need a sacrifice. and a million lambs could never pay. Once for all, he walked the road to carrying the sins of every upon his shoulders once and for all. coner death victorious, tearing down the separated wall. And the price was paid in once and for all. Then the stream of mercy falls like rain from heaven's holy throne. to everyone who calls upon his name. Though we all were sinners, he loved beyond our weaknesses. Though we were not worthy, he came to suffer in our place. as his but fell to the ground. Our hope again was found. No longer are we guilty and oppressed. For he is thorough sin as far as east from the west. Once and for all. He walked the road to Calvary, carrying the sins of every man upon his shoulders once and for all. He conquered death victoriously, tearing down the searing wall. And the price was paid in full once and for all. He walked the road to Calvary, carrying the sins of every man upon his shoulders. Once and for all he conquers victoriously, tearing down the searing wall. And the price was paid in full once and for all. And the price was paid in once and for all. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you. God bless you. It's been really related to be in the house of the Lord. Just going to sing a medly this morning. There are songs that you [Music] know. Jesus paid it all. To him I owe. [Music] sin had left a crimson stain, but he washed me white as [Music] snow. Precious is the flow that makes me White as snow no other no other found I know oh nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus for it [Music] reaches to the highest highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood gives me strength from day to day. It will never never lose its power and it reaches to the highest mountain and thy blood it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from today. It will never It will never lose. It will never never lose. It will never never lose its power. And in Christ alone my hope is found is my light, my [Laughter] strength, my song. This corner stone is this solid ground firm through the fences drought and st what heights of love. What deaths of peace when fears are tears when strivings cease. is my comforter. Who is it to you? Is my all in all here in the love of Christ I [Music] stand in Christ alone to come [Music] flesh fullness of God in hell. Last B. This gate of love and rightuousness scorned by the ones he came to save. Seal on that cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was satisfied for every sin on him was laid. Now here in the death of Christ I believe. [Music] Where in the ground his body lay light of the world by darkness slain. Oh, then busting forth in glorious day up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory since cause has lost its grip on me. Hallelujah. For I am his and is mine. But with the precious blood of Christ, no guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first crime to final breath, Jesus commands my death in me. So no power of hell. No scheme of man can ever block me from a stand till he returns to take me home. Here in the power of Christ I'll stand. And as he stands in victory, sins cast as lost its grip on me. For I am his and is [Music] mine. Hearing the death of Christ I. Oh, thank you Jesus. Amen. [Applause] God bless you all. [Music] [Music] And I think of all the Lord has done for me. Fully prevailed so I could walk in victory. I've touched the cross and felt the pain he bore. Forsaking all my life before I've set out for heaven sure to go with him all the way, never to return again to yesterday. I can't turn back on him. I turn away from sin. I walk with him every day. There's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn, pressing ahead will be my end. I reached the point of no return. Having put my hands to the plow, I won't look back. Nothing behind could ever match what I now [Music] have. The Savior now that I have come to know has everything I need to grow. To whom shall we go? Don't ever want aart. Yes, it's true that Jesus, he has won my heart. I can turn back on him. I turn away from sin. I'll walk with him every day. There's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn, pressing ahead will be my earn. I reach the point of no return. For rich or for poor, in sickness and in health, for better, for so I give you all myself. [Music] to heaven to hold, to cherish in my heart. A vow even that can ever fall. I can't turn back on him. I've turned away from sin. I walk with him every day. There's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn, pressing ahead will be my I've reached the point of no [Music] return. I've reached a point of no return. God bless you. Amen. Let's all stand to our feet. Amen. Let's all stand together. Did you enjoy the song specials this morning? Amen. Thank you to each one who rendered off the gifts today. Hallelujah. We just appreciate that just in honor of our risen king today. Hallelujah. Let's sing our last song and then we'll ask brother Emanuel to come forward. Above all powers, above all kings, crucified. [Music] Amen. Above all powers, above all kings, above all nature and all creative things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. For you are here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonderers the world has ever known. Oh, above all wealth and treasures of the earth. Oh, there's no way to measure what your word. Oh, crucified, lay behind the storm. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me. Oh above all you were crucified. Oh you were crucified. [Music] behind the [Music] storm. And you thought of me. [Music] Amen. Start again. Can you hear me? God bless you. Um, shall we sing? My faith looks after [Music] me. My [Music] faith to thee. Lamb, lamb of calary, saveior divine thy [Music] Pray take all my sins away and let me from this day. [Music] [Applause] [Music] May thy great pra great strength to my fing [Applause] [Music] heart [Music] still has died for me. Oh my love to thee. Your angels. [Music] [Applause] [Music] A life I tread and [Music] [Applause] [Music] gra my God be thirst Today wipe sorrows tears away. Oh, let me stray from [Music] thee side. Amen. Thank you very much to the musicians. Um, thank you, brother Aiden, Sister Michelle, all the musicians. Praise the name of the Lord. Isn't it good to have people willing to put their shoulder to the wheels anytime is needed? Such a blessing. Such a blessing to belong to this a body like that. Now, are you glad to be in his presence this morning? Praise the name of the Lord. Everywhere in the Christian world, people are celebrating. And they are celebrating in different ways. Most are looking back to 2,000 years ago. But we wake up knowing that that was for us. Hallelujah. He had to face death. He has to face hell. He had to face the grave. Conquer it all and hand it over to the bride. Praise the name of the living God. Um um I would say let's let's have a seat for a moment or two. Happy Easter. All right. Actually, I didn't expect this turn out with so many people traveling. I didn't expect this might turn out, but the will of the Lord be done. Amen. I'm not saying my preparation is according to my expectation. No, but and so um for our visitors, we say welcome. We hope you feel at home. We're grateful that you chose to worship with us this resurrection morning. I see Joseph Charles and the family. God bless you. Amen. Sister Ne, I saw you here. I don't know if at this point we can say you're a visitor, right? Uh God bless you. Good to see you. We are all looking forward to the great day. I think the difference is that we we are not nervous. Amen. All right. So, um like it has already been announced, brother OP, let's bear him before the Lord. A word of encouragement goes a long way. And then let's remember him when we go on our knees. You are never ready to lose a mother. And especially for us to think that not just not long ago, she was here in our midst. And so please remember brother Ope, sister Kik and the family here and in Nigeria. Um let's continue to bear the classes before the Lord. God willing, they should be back this week. Remember, Brother Barry as well as sister Lisa, they are also expected in in in the week. [Music] Um, Brother Dan is home with a cold and so please remember him in prayer as well. And sister Ruth, I believe this is her last Sunday here and then she goes back to for her wedding in a week or two. And so please let's continue to bear her before the Lord that the Lord will be with her. Yeah, it's it's a big step. And so, um, as far as I can see, I think that is all. Praise the name of the Lord. Now, if you have any requests, please make it known with to the Lord with an uplifted hand. Let's bow down our hearts before him. Our dear Lord and King, our master and Savior, you are everything to us. And on this resurrection morning, Lord, we cannot fully comprehend the depth of love that led you to the cross and to the grave, but we sure are grateful for the life that you gave us. And so we come in humility. We come in in the simplicity of faith to say, "Thank you, Lord, for what you did for us." We come, oh Lord, to worship you. We come to praise you. We come to glorify your name. We come to thank you for the privilege of knowing you. More than a father, we gather as your bride and see you as our groom. Father, as we gather, we invite your presence here in our midst. We pray that you'll come and bless us. Lord, we have come, Father, as a people who are needy. We come as a people who want more of you. We come as a people who cannot make it without you. We come as a people who are wholly dependent on you. Yes, Father, our lives and the world gets in the way. But help us to get all of that out of the way and focus on you because you are our only life. Father, we adore you. We appreciate you so much. Oh God, let's put aside all the curse of life this morning, Lord, and worship you in spirit and in truth, Father. Father, we pray that you'll be with our visitors who are away traveling that you protect them wherever they are and that at your appointed time, you bring them all in safely. Father, we commit brother Paul and the entire class family into your hands. Lord, we know they would be here, but this is duty call. And so we pray that your presence will be with them. Thank you for how far you've brought them. And as they make their way here, Father, may your presence be with them again. May you continue to strengthen and console them, Lord. Only your Holy Spirit, oh Lord, is that comforter. And we ask, oh Lord, that you'll be present in the life of my brother Paul and the entire family. That you be present in the life of my brother Opie and the entire family. That you visit him in a special way. Oh Lord, bless him even as he he thinks of all the details that comes with these things. We know it's your word, but as mortals, it's not pleasant, Father. and we we desire more strength from you even as our brother goes forward and faces this. Oh precious savior, I pray that you be with brother Dana as well. Bless him, oh Lord. Touch his body, oh God. Restore his strength, oh God. Merciful father, it's time for our sister Ro to go. We pray that you'll be with her every step of the way. Let the oppressors never ever depart from her. Father bless her going and father when she comes back safely. We will not fail to thank you. Be with every detail in all the activities that will be done. Oh Lord, let your name be made manifest. Now at this point, Father, we gather here because we desire for you to speak to us. Father, you know me. Yes. Amen. You don't need these nose to speak to your children. And I need you just as much. So I pray, precious savior, that you visit us in your own way. That you take control of the entire service. That you manifest your presence once more among your children. That you confirm your word that you are that living God and you are alive today. We believe you. We are relying on you. We are believing you father have your way even as we do our best to surrender even that help us to surrender completely in Jesus Christ's name do we pray. Amen. All right. So the announcements are out of the way. If you have your Bibles with you please let's turn to Mark 16. Um today I don't expect this to be a very um regular Easter message but then again the will of the Lord be done. I'm reading from Mark 16. I'll be reading from 9 and I'll probably end on at 15. Mark 16:9. Now when Jesus was risen early, the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils. And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept. And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not. After that he appeared in another form, unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country. And they went and told it unto the residue, neither believed they them. Afterward he appeared unto the 11 as they sat at meat and araided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen. And he said unto them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So, God bless you all and thank you again for coming. Um, most people in the Christian world are commemorating uh the the resurrection this morning. And so I suppose that makes it a an important day, a great day. Now, if you're going by popular culture, we all know that Christmas is often times esteemed up and above Easter and probably up and above everything Christian and that is in big part because you know the pagan ceremony that preceded Christmas or that that from which Christmas came was a very popular one. But I also think that um with all the commercialization attached to it that is what made Christian Christmas so big. But in all in all I don't think there is anything greater than the resurrection. Because without the resurrection there is no Christianity. Paul puts it this way. He says if the Lord be not reason then our preaching be vain and our faith as well be vain. Praise the name of the Lord. And so without the resurrection, there is no Christianity. Now we all know that resurrection is not meant to be uh a day that we celebrate. The resurrection is not meant to be one occasion. It's not even meant to be some scripture that we read maybe once a week, once a month or once a year. Resurrection is meant to be a life for the believer. Praise the name of the living God. It's a reality to be lived by the believer. Amen. And so this is a call for us as believers to yield ourselves to surrender and let that life flow through us. Praise the name of the Lord. You as you're sitting here are chosen to declare his life in yours. Praise the name of the Lord. So wherever you are at school, at home, wherever, this is the way it's supposed to be. And you say, "How do you do that?" You just let go. Praise the name of the Lord. and focus on him and live that life in the face of whatever adversity we face. You just focus on the Lord and surrender your life and manifest it. Show to the world that that life means more to you than everything else. Hallelujah. Let it be known to the world that even your joy does not depend in what material things you have. That your joy does not depend on whose attention you have. That your joy does not depend on your popularity, your fame, your political power or your position in society. That your joy it depends on the continuous manifestation of his life in you. Praise the name of the Lord. So the Christian life is always witnessing the resurrection. Amen. Sharing the resurrection, manifesting the resurrection. Hallelujah. Now the scripture we we just read had a few um how would I put it? Themes so to speak. There are things in it that stand out to me. And the first thing and the most important thing I want us to note is that every person who witnessed the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ had a prior relationship with him. So Jesus came, lived his life, met a lot of people in public, but those that he revealed himself to after the resurrection, everyone had a prayer relationship with him. Now the second thing about it and it may not be the best is that everybody who was told first about the resurrection did not believe it. Everybody did not believe it. But here is where it gets good. Because they were chosen by him. Yes. He followed up and confirmed with his revelation. Praise the name of the living God. Because these were people who were chosen to serve a purpose. And if it's God's purpose, if it is already declared, nothing was going to change it. Hallelujah. And so these people in spite of their unbelief they were still encouraged in the in a sense and they were still led to that greater revelation of him as the resurrected Lord and Savior. So as I was saying, living for him, it's about witnessing and then manifesting it. Praise the name of the Lord. Now different people commemorate the day in different ways and almost everybody looks back to what happened some 2,000 years ago or a little over that. But you see when we look back we look back to look for the standard to confirm what we have today. Hallelujah. Amen. Because he is risen today. He's risen in our lives. He's risen in this age. Amen. But how do we know that is right? How do we know that is the Lord? The only way is to go back. The only way is to look back into the scripture. The only way is to cultivate that relationship. Amen. So that when we see him manifested again, we can identify it. Praise the name of the living God. And so you will see that there was Mary and he revealed himself to her. There was Thomas at some point he revealed himself to him. There were these two that we read of on the road to Emos. He revealed himself to them. And all of them their reaction was a bit like it would be in the world but just that out of love the Lord pursued further. Amen. But now they missed the blessing though because the greater blessing was God getting us to accept the word. Praise the name of the Lord without any confirmation. Amen. So now what is that? When you receive the word and you believe it without any confirmation, it's called faith. Praise the name of the Lord. Now I want to say this that there is absolutely nothing anybody has ever received from God or anybody will ever receive from God that is not a product of the word. And so when God calls us and throughout Bible every time he tries to deal with us at a level and that level is the level of faith and that level of faith is very different from the level of reason. Brother Abraham tells us that the Lord took our hearts and the devil took our mind. And so we operate at very different levels. Now because of our fallen nature, we are comfortable with the level of reason. But you see, at the level of reason, none of us is a match for the devil. It's just like this. If if if I go underwater, if I go under water, the sea, the river, whatever, and I want to contend with a fish, it will just be a matter of time before I come up gasping for air because that is not my environment. That is not for me. I may be big, I may be smart, I may be whatever. Even I may have an oxygen tank, it's still finite. It it'll it'll finish. And when it is done, I'll have to come up gasping for water. How about if I bring the fish on earth? Then it stands no chance. And this is what the Lord has sought to do with us to get us to operate at a level that drowns the devil. And that level is faith. That level is the simplicity of the word. Hallelujah. that there is this reason, that reason, the other reason, but it doesn't matter. This is what the word says. Praise the name of the Lord. And so when children of God get to that position, you are drowning the devil in your life. Hallelujah. Amen. And so anyway, we'll go along that everything about our Christian life is about sharing, recognizing the resurrection and manifesting it in our lives. Now, of course, it is the resurrection that also that quickens us into the newness of life. Now you understand that all the talk about resurrection, all the historical proof that we can bring and there is all the scientific proof that we can bring and there are many but all of them have no use if that revelation of that resurrection does not lead us into a position in Christ. If it does not lead us into a position where we are possessing our privileges as sons of God, if it does not lead your sister to your position as a daughter of God. So yes, we can talk of a a resurrection 2,000 years ago. And glory to God, but he's risen today. And you and I are called to declare it to the world that he's not dead. He's risen and he's alive in our hearts. Hallelujah. Now, if you've not had that experience, welcome aboard. It doesn't take much. It's not too difficult. And look at the people around you. You don't hate them. You don't think you are having too much fun and they are not having it. Hallelujah. I was talking to uh brother Frank in New York and we just this thing came up that most of the time when a person has an itchy rash on their skin when they scratch it feels good. When you're scratching it feels good. But you don't say, "Oh, it feels so good. Let the rush stay." No. You try to treat it. You try to do. But understand it once it's gone. Once your skin is smooth, it's not that fun anymore. Understanding the wholeness of life, what has been defined at fun is actually destructive to you. This is the real fun. This is the real life. Praise the name of the living God. Hallelujah. And so everything about the resurrection should be tied to awakening us into a god-given position. Otherwise, it is of no use. And so this is what I want to comment on in the next few moments. And um that is the reality of the resurrection today. And my topic is witnessing the resurrection. Witnessing the resurrection. Now, like I said, it it won't be a a regular Easter style message, and I'm hoping with the help of the Lord that uh I'll make it. Hallelujah. And so, now we want to understand why I say and is the truth that you and I are chosen to manifest the resurrected Lord Jesus Christ. why he chose to reveal himself to us and what is the purpose. Hallelujah. Now there is a story in the Old Testament and this is where it gets a little strange because this story in the Old Testament is a story that every time I read the only thing I can think about is a resurrection. It's a story that looking at it does not seem to have anything to do with the resurrection but every time that's what comes to mind and that was what was on on my mind when I was asked. So I said, "Okay, let me get this out of the way." And so please bear with me as I I try to reference uh this this story. But then again, um I want to sort of, you know, it's it's it's a it's a thing that we've not really looked at in Sunday school. And so in a one room schoolhouse, bear with me as we try to um sort of give a background to it and then we go into the story and I I I'll try to be quick. Now Israel as a nation or Israel as the United Kingdom when they were together they had four kings. They had only four kings. Afterwards it all was split in two. And so as the United Kingdom, Israel had Saul as their first king, they had David the next, they had Solomon the next, and then they had Rohobam the son of David. So it is at the time of Rahobam that the kingdom was split into two. Now you would understand that Saul displeased the Lord. And then there was David who pleased the Lord so much that the Lord said, "This is a man after my own heart. And then there was Solomon who also pleased the Lord with his request to the Lord. However, at the end of Solomon's life and I I want fathers to listen carefully, Solomon married too many wives. Counting wives and concubines, Solomon had a thousand. And so at the end of his life, his foreign wives, specifically the Egyptian wife, led him to worship idols. And so a very glorious life ended up not displeasing the Lord. Now I want the fathers to listen carefully. Now Solomon did something wrong and there was a punishment for that. God pronounced punishment for that. Now watch what happens. God says, "Because of your father David, I've pronounced this punishment, but it's not coming on you." And then at the same time, the punishment that was pronounced on Solomon went on her son. Understand it, sister. You need to pray for your men. You need to pray for your sons. You need to pray for your husband. You need to pray for your fathers because if they succeed, you will succeed. Hallelujah. Now let let's understand it carefully that Solomon was the one who did it but it still came from above that because of my servant David I'll not split it in your day. So the actions of fathers have effects on children. Of course this is not about fatherhood. So let's keep going. Now in Rhobwam's day, the kingdom was split and for the sake still of David, a smaller part was left for Rahobam. Otherwise, nothing would have been left because when Saul displeased the Lord, the kingdom, entire kingdom was taken from him. But in this case, for the sake of David, a southern kingdom. So we have the northern kingdom of Israel and the southern kingdom a smaller kingdom called Judah. Now watch what are happening here because what I'm going to what we're going to read now at the point of what we're going to read uh the the the northern kingdom had a king called Ahab and Ahab the Bible calls him wicked. Now wickedness does not mean you are starving people or you are poisoning people or killing them. This just means you shall not seek God. A person knows the Lord but will not seek the Lord. Right? Is the the fool is on the other hand when scripturally saying it means there is no God. So the great scientists who deny God I'll leave it like that. But the Bible has an an opinion about those. And so through these times Ahab marries Jezebel. Now Jezebel was an idol worshipper and Jezebel came to Israel worshiping her idols. Now when Jezebel came to Israel, she sought to influence her husband the king and she succeeded and from that point on she started spreading her worship. So the cult of Bal was in uh introduced in Israel by Jezebel and then it started spreading and then it started taking roots and when it had spread and when it had taken roots then he turned on she turned on the Christian on the believers and then she started persecuting them and she started killing the prophets of God. Now in the course of time Jezebel has a daughter Athaliah and Athaliah was made to marry the king of Judah. So Aallayia got into Judah with her mother's playbook in hand. Aallayia got to Judah seeking influence over the husband also woriing idols also spreading idols. And so this story that I'm about to read in 2 Kings 11, all of this has happened and that is where where I want to base it. Uh the only other detail I want to say is that with the introduction of uh the worship of Bal in Israel and in in Judah. The Lord had vengeance coming and that vengeance came in three form. When Jezebel threatened Elijah, who was the prophet messenger of the day, and Elijah said, "Oh, I'm tired, Lord. Take me off the scene. I want to go." God said, "Anoint Jahu to be king over Israel. Anoint Hazel to be king over Syria. And anoint Elisha to be prophet in yourstead." That was God's vengeance. Now, you say, "How do you know?" The very next verse says it, the one who escapes the sword of Jahu shall not escape the sword of Hazel. The one who escapes the sword of Hazel shall not escape the sword of Elisha. So even Elisha was anointed with the vengeance of God. Of course, if you know the story, and I'm not going to go through it all, but by the time Jah was through with them, there wasn't any left for Elisha to kill. But that was the vengeance of God on them. Now the other side of it is that when uh these nations were getting together and they were getting close to begin with they are the same people who were divided but also because of the worship of B now they have gotten together and so the son because eventually um Atallayia lost the husband and then the son of Atallayia Haziah went to battle with the son, no together with the son of Jezebel, they went to attack Hazel and the king of Israel was wounded. And so once the king was wounded, Haziah was going to visit him. And so that made things easier for his uh Ju because he was already anointed and the anointing was in operation. Amen. And so he came and he started killing and he finished with the house of uh Ahab and he got the two kings as well. And so now you may say why this story on the resurrection then how does this play into it? How it place it is the sense that what we I'm talking about right now it seems to be something on one person maybe on one woman but understand it it comes up in the gentile times and so in revelation the Lord picks it up again but when he starts talking about Jezebel it's no longer to Israel it's with the churches in the church age the Lord mentions Jezebel and Why does he do that? Because that same spirit, like brother Abraham said, the Lord takes his man, but he doesn't take the spirit. And then he says, and in the same way, the devil takes his man, but doesn't take the spirit. And so, if you follow these things, you understand that Jezebel opposed um Elijah throughout the time that Elijah was on earth. Now, these people left the scene. But when the spirit of Elijah came back again and joined the Baptist, there again you have Jezebel's spirit in Herodius. And then God got her daughter to dance in front of the king. And the king says, "Oh, ask whatever you have." He said, "I want the prophet's head." And so the greatest prophet up to that point that ever lived, the head was cut off. Yes. That is how serious and how dangerous that spirit is. Praise the name of the living God. And so that is why I'm bringing this up just to give it some some context that that does not stop there. That spirit is here today. Hallelujah. So please let's read um 2 Kings 11. And so 2 Kings 11, I will start reading very quickly. And so I'm beginning from verse one. And when Ataliah the m the mother of Haziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royale. But Jehosha, the daughter of King Joram, sister of Aziah, took Josh, the son of Isaiah, and stole him from among the king's sons, which were slain. And they hid him, even him and his nurse in the bed chamber from Atalia, so that he was not slain. And he he was with her hid in the house of the Lord six years. And Atallayia did reign over the land. That's the land of Judah. And the seventh year Jehoidah sent and now Jehoa was a priest. The writer sent and fed the rulers over hundreds with the captains and the guard and brought them to him into the house of the Lord and made a covenant with them and took an oath of them in the house of the Lord and showed them the king's son. Now I'll jump down to 12. And he brought forth the king's son and put a crown upon him and gave him the testimony. And they made him king and anointed him. And they clapped their hands and said, "God saved the king." And when Atalia heard the noise of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of the Lord. And when she looked, behold, the king stood by the pillar as the manora was. and the princes and the trumpeters by the king. And all the people of the land rejoiced and blew with trumpets. And Atallayia rent her clothes and cried treason, treason. But Jehoa the priest commanded the captains of the handress and the officers of the host and said unto them, have her forth without the rangers. And him that followth her, kill with the sword. For the priest has said, let her not be slain in the house of the Lord. And they lay hands on her. And she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king's house. And there was she slain. And Jeha made a covenant between the Lord and the king and the people that they should be the Lord's people between the king also and the people. And all the people of the land went into the house of Bal and break it down. His altars and his images break they in pieces thoroughly. And slew Martin the priest of Bal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of the Lord. And he took the rulers over hundreds and the captains and the guard and all the people of the land. And they brought down the king from the house of the Lord and came by the way of the gate of the god to the king's house. And he sat on the throne of the kings. And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet, and they still at a lion with a sword beside the king's house. Seven years old was Josh when he began to reign. Amen. And so um in the Titarian church age, brother Abraham states that Jezebel brought idolatry into Israel and killed every prophet she could get her hands on. And then he says, "So did the popes." You see him now addressing that spirit. He mentions Jezebel. He mentions her murderous intent and the things he did she did. And then he says so did the popes. And so this Jezebel system has always sought to stifle the operation of God in his people. and then it seeks to sort of cut off or stop the fulfilling of God's word. And so that is why it becomes interesting to consider this. Now I will go on to my first um my first quote and that is uh from the church aid titarian church aid. Brother Arab says it is most worth okay. All right. It is most worthy of of note that the very name titera means dominating female. Thus, this age is characterized by a dominant force. A force that ruthlessly invades all, conquers all, and despotically controls. Now, a dominating female is the greatest curse in the world. And so, he says that and much as it is applicable in the natural, the focus now is on that spirit and what it is doing in the gentile church. Praise the name of the Lord. Now brother within that same paragraph he goes down and he says from the garden of Eden onward woman has constantly and successfully tried to take control over the man. And right today it is a woman's world with the goddess of America being a naked female. And so if you follow do that line he goes on picks it up and actually identifies the spirit among the Gentiles today. Now the next one he says being a dominating female is antirist and the seeds of the Roman Catholic Church are in her. So he gets to the point where he completely identifies it. And so what am I saying? When you see a prophet blasting against makeup, how harmful is that? makeup. It's just to look pretty, that's all. But it's the spirit behind it. It's an indication of the spirit behind it. Just imagine if I stand here with a swast sticker. If I had a nazy flag on this church, how many people wouldn't be offended? But this is what is going on that if you are the Lord's, then you understand that your mortal body still belongs to the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And so this is what has happened. You see a prophet blasting against a woman in pants. You see a blasted a a a prophet blasting against the doineering spirit in the woman. You you see a prophet outlining the role of it's not hatred. No, that is an indication of something and that is what is speaking against. Praise the name of the living God. Let me go in a little bit. In the Sadistician church age, Abraham continued says that Jezebel of Satara was in no mood to give up her hold upon the people and thus we see her daughter Atallayia raised her head in the Sardisian age and with the hopes that she would be able to strangle the true seed by her schemes of organization. Amen. Now understand it that when the prophet starts talking about sadis and he's talking about titera he's talking about the church and the moment he's talking about church like very mentioned uh on Wednesday then it's with us Gentiles the moment he says church when he say church it could it could be synagogue or temple with the Jews here but the moment he says church it's with us and so that spirit that is just mentioned in the Bible like It's actually a spirit that the devil has used to oppose God over and over and now it's with us in this uh time. So now you'll observe that the moment Atala realized that her husband is dead and when she realized that her son the king is dead then the denominating female spirit was on full display like we we heard uh Wednesday said just a little pressure and the character will show. And so here she is, husband dead, son dead, and by this time she had had a lot of influence in Judah. They have built temples, they built uh images, everything. And so right away she started killing everybody who has a claim to the throne. And so understand it, if grandma is killing her own grandchildren just to hold on to power and push the people further into idolatry, understand it is more than human. Is the devil in operation? And what is he doing? He's seeking to stop the fulfillment of prophecy. Yes. Because you see underlying all of this is a prophecy from God. It's a a promise from God that you, David, there will not fail thee a man on the throne of of of Israel. And when the whole thing was split, Judah stayed with God. Judah, they stayed with Israel. Hallelujah. Amen. I think in first kings 9:5, but I'm not going to read the Lord makes this promise and he makes it over and over with in talking with Solomon and on and on. There are a few places that he does that. But you see, destroys all these people and takes the throne. This is something unheard of in the history of Israel. In fact, in all of the kingdoms of Israel and Judah, there has been one female monarch, and that is Atalia, the only one. But now she destroyed everybody. Okay? She destroys everybody and takes a crown. And now she is in control. But understand how it feels for the people because first of all she's a woman so she's not a king. Yes, she's a monarch but she's not a king. The second she's not from the house of David. And third and most important of all, she's not even from Judah. She is the daughter of Ahab and Jezebel. So she's from Israel. And now she controls the kingdom. Now Judah had remained faithful believing that be remaining faithful to the Lord remaining faithful to the house of David was being faithful to Yahweh. That is how Judah felt and so they did every effort to remain faithful but now that has been cut off. They knew about the promise but now there's no heir. Apparently there is no heir to the throne from the house of David. It is believed that everybody and everyone has been killed. And this is what I say. You see faithfulness to David is not the same as faithfulness to Yahweh. And understand it most of us live our life sometimes say if I go to church every Sunday and I pay my tithe then I'm a believer. If I believe that God sent a prophet and I dress right, then I'm believer. If I believed in the tenders and whatever doctrine else, let's just face it, the message is more than a doctrine. This message is life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so the dominating female spirit sought to eliminate every semblance of God from Judah. Now Atallaya reigned for six years. But in these six years the rightful heir to the throne was alive. Hallelujah. When she when the king could not be found, when everything godly had been replaced, still the rightful heir to the throne was alive. A new temple was erected to bow. Images were erected to bow. Even the the Levites lost their role and their place in the house of God. But in all of this time, the king was alive. Praise the name of the living God. It was a time of great sadness for for the people who were loyal. And then seemingly when the the the dominating female spirit seemed to have complete control. That is when the king was revealed. Hallelujah. It was at that point that the king was revealed. In essence, yes, six years was long, but six years is not the end of everything. There was a seventh year. Hallelujah. And seventh years in the seventh year in Israel is the year of Jubilee. And so that is the year that everybody goes free. Now you will realize the story that we were talking about the uh the two disciples going on. It lasted for six hours and in all six hours they were sad about Jesus. But Jesus was with them. Hallelujah. And then but at the end of the sixth hour, in the seventh hour, Jesus was revealed to them. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Now, I'm going on to read this from the 10 10 virgins and 144,000 just to hit on the Jubilee year a little bit and then I'll keep going. And on the seventh year, there was a priest that sounded a trumpet. And if a man had been a slave, I don't care what his death was, he was free. Now, that's a type of the gospel trumpet. You might have served the devil all these years in chains with drinking and smoking and gambling and sin and dirty things. No matter what you have done, and when a prophet says, "No matter what you have done," he means no matter what you have done. Hallelujah. But when you hear the gospel trumpet sound, it's a sign that you can go free. You can go. Faith cometh by and then the congregation says hearing. Hearing of the word of God. Now you've heard that full gospel. So you don't have to say bound. Hallelujah. And so this is my message that we gather here today because we've heard a call. We gather here to get today because we heard the gospel trumpet and he's saying we can go free and so we don't have to live under any atallaya system. We don't have to live under any Jezebel spirit. We don't have to live under anything that betrays our faith. Amen. Praise the name of the living God. It may be acceptable out there but understand it. We are called onto a very higher level. Don't leave that high level call and come to reason and come to pleasing people and come to blending with people and come to seeking acceptance. If the Lord has accepted you, what else do you need? Hallelujah. And so, let's base our faith on the reality of of of what we have received. Amen. And so I'm focusing on the revelation of the king who was presumed dead but was alive. And the purpose is that what was keeping him was basically a system that kept him hidden. But you see it could not keep him hidden forever. Hallelujah. And so the revelation and what it cost is where I'm getting to now. In the revelation of Jesus Christ, Abraham says, "The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized." Amen. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Now, I'm not talking about this book of Revelation and you. I'm talking about all revelation. It is tremendously important to the church. Hallelujah. And so the first thing about this great revelation of the king and in verse four you can see that was that the people who saw him the people he revealed himself to were a people of his own chosen. Hallelujah. Not everybody was called and but the people who came were a people of his own choosing. And I I'm I'm believing that this sort of gets into this teaching on election that we are going through in this church that understanding that the Lord comes for his own. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, how would I know you are his own? Because he calls you by this message. Praise the name of the Lord. He calls you by the gospel. And when you respond is because you are his own. Did he say my sheep hear my voice? Amen. Praise the name of the living God. Now, in the same manner that Jesus that h the king revealed himself to people of his own chosen, you'll understand that Jesus on earth. He had great meetings. He preached to thousands. He fed thousands. He healed hundreds of people. Even his his his uh crucifixion was in front of thousands. But what happened when he rose? No more public gatherings. When he rose, there was no more public gatherings, no large meetings. I can go to the extent of saying that even the people he revealed himself to and those who saw and recognized him was by revelation. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. There was no other way that anybody could see him except by revelation. Now understand it though that he spoke about it in John 14:19 and I'm going quickly. He said, "A little while and the world sees me no more, but ye shall see me." Hallelujah. His people, those who listen to him, those who believe him, he said, "Ye shall see me." Amen. And so he told them, I'll be with you even in you. So he was going beyond Emmanuel. Now he was going to become one with his own. And when you receive the word and when you feed on the word, what you are doing is becoming one with the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you. And so if we had believed then we wouldn't be asking these questions. we there wouldn't be any doubts but again that is human reaction and so I'm reading from Acts 10:39 and I'm sort of trying to get into like emphasize the point that he showed himself to people of his own chosen and we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews and in Jerusalem whom they slew and hang on a tree. So this is Peter at the house of Cornelius. I see him God raised up the third day and showed him openly not to all the people but unto witnesses chosen before God. Hallelujah. And then Peter says, even unto us who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead. But watch this. The the revelation also had a purpose because right after the revelation, it says, "And he commanded us to preach unto the people and testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the judge of the quick and dead." Hallelujah. And so this is what is happening that Jesus reveals himself and he reveals himself to people of his own choosing. Amen. Hallelujah. If you you check uh John 20 talks about Mary and the encounter and I won't be going there. I'll just mention it quickly. But in John 20, it talks about Mary and her encounter with Jesus. Now Mary was that person who was part of these women. The Bible says they they followed Jesus and they ministered unto him of their own substance. Mary was a person who received Jesus in her home. Three days earlier Mary was there when Jesus was crucified. She saw Jesus hang on the cross. But three days later she cannot even identify Jesus. She stood in front of Jesus and said, "If you are the gardener, show me where his body is. Where have you taken him?" She couldn't recognize him. What was happening? And that is another part that I want to just draw your attention that the resurrected Lord Jesus Christ in many ways is different from the life of Jesus Christ that we saw. Amen. And so, but you see, much as she had no strength to move the stone and she couldn't recognize Jesus, the search was still worth it. And that's what I'm saying. Your presence here is worth it. Every effort you put in to look for the Lord is worth it. Because yes, she didn't find Jesus the way she was expecting to find, but Jesus found her. Amen. Amen. She was lost and she was looking and she was expecting to see a dead Jesus Christ and then Jesus found her. Hallelujah. But watch this that Jesus had to call her by name and then she recognized Jesus. And that is the revelation. Praise the name of the Lord. Now we did reach m Mark Mark 16 and I just want to quickly look maybe verse 12. We that's what we read when we started. I just want to point to something very uh peculiar there. Yes, just the verse 12 quickly I'll read and then we keep going. But Mark 16:12, he says, "And after he appeared in another form unto two of them as they walked and went into the country." And so that is the key. That is why they did not recognize him because he had resurrected in another form. In another form and so in another form he joined them. Why? They were talking about him. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. If if if we if we focus on the word, if we read a lot of the word and think a lot of the word, it will invariably affect our our our conversation. And whenever two people meet and they are talking about him, he comes there. Praise the name of the Lord. And so Cleopas and this person they are talking about him and then right there he joins them. But the Bible says he was in another form and for 6 hours he preached to them. And I'm just hoping you will catch something here that for because you see here is not for speculation but if the Lord speaks to me I believe he can speak to you too. Amen. In the six hours, the Bible says he talked to them with Moses and the prophets. Now, at that time, that was the entirety of the Bible. Their history, which was the books of the kings and and and Samuel had not been added. And then the Psalms and the rest were were h books. So, the Bible or the Torah for them was just the book of the prophets and the law. And the law was Moses. And so, a six-hour sermon. I hope you wouldn't be mad if we go a little over 12:00. Jesus did six hours. 6 hours sermon. He spoke to them. And so they were thinking, "Oh, he's gone. We were hoping this will be the one who will help us and deliver us from the Romans and all that." And he was right there and he was talking to them, but in another form. And so they did not recognize him. I told you from the beginning when we look back to the Bible, we look at what is in the Bible to confirm what we have today. And the simple question is, has the Lord been with us today? Has he been in another form and therefore people did not recognize him? And if we did, aren't we the called? If we did, aren't we the people who are supposed to go forth and show a living God to the world? Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You know, there was a time when John, please forgive me, this is Easter and the song service took a bit of time. So, please forgive me. I always try to to to be fast. John John the Baptist when he was in jail and heard about Jesus. He actually sent to ask Jesus, "Are you the one who is to come?" You know what he did? He didn't say, "Oh yeah, I am the one and look at me and what?" No, he made the people wait and see what happened. He says the lame walk. He said the blind see. He said the deaf hear. He said the poor have the gospel preached unto them. That was his identification. If he manifest himself in this age, what will be his identification? And in this ministry of Malachi 4, haven't we seen seen the death risen? Haven't we seen the death here and the blind see? And haven't we had the because we prayed to the poor. Praise the name of the Lord. He identifies himself by his deeds. Hallelujah. but in another form. That is why he'll be present and the world will not see him but you will see him. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. And so in Luke 24, it talks about the women going to tell the disciples and they thought it was idol talk. And then it talks about uh the two uh disciples going all the way to uh Embias. And then in the seventh hour, he breaks bread. And he does it the same way he did when he was feeding thousands because they saw it and they recognized him. And so you can be sure that if you knew him before, if you had a relationship before, you'll recognize him when he comes today. Hallelujah. Amen. And then he meets his disciples. And now that this is beautiful because they get all the way seven hours to get to Emmas, but as soon as they caught the revelation, they were like footed. Straight away they dashed back to Jerusalem. The revelation brought them from Emiles back to where they started. Now they went with a testimony in their hearts. The Lord is risen. And I'm hoping you leave here with the same that the Lord is risen today. Hallelujah. And so they go back there and these people are also talking about the same thing. So this is talking about the Lord is risen. This is talking about the Lord is risen. As soon as they met, the Lord manifest himself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the beauty of it is he rebuked them for not believing. Like I said, he still wants them to operate at the level of faith, not reason. Reason is good. It helps us in this life, but in his worship, he desires that we operate at the level of faith. Because what you can get in faith is way past what you get in in in in reason. But remember that scratching thing, that's what is keeping us. Oh, it's fun. Oh, it's good. Oh, so if I do this, it means I'm not going to have fun again. And then we stay within reason. And then you look at people, they'll think I'm crazy. So what? Especially if you're a sister, people are already questioning why you are always in scared and not doing the things that other people do already. You might as well embrace it all. Hallelujah. And so just as he appeared to people of his own choosing back then, he has appeared again this day. Hallelujah. And again to people of his own choosing. It says, "How are we supposed to know that he appears according to his word?" He told us, "The Lord himself shall descend with a shout. Yes. And so if we have the message today, we can say he's here. Hallelujah. So always let's go back to the Bible. Not to celebrate it there, but use this as the standard to assess what we have today. Hallelujah. Now I just want to quickly look at Matthew. No, no, I don't. I I won't look at it. Matthews 11:27 the Bible says no one knows the father but the son. No one knows the son but the father and no one knows the father but by the son and those to whom the son will reveal. So any revelation of the godhead comes from God himself and outside of Jesus Christ you have even no knowledge of the godhead. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Let's read this. Uh in the trial 1964 if you could. Okay, I'll just keep reading. Brother says, "Here sits a man sitting right here, his head down crying, praying for himself and also for his wife. She isn't here. She's not with you this afternoon. She's suffering. You think God could tell me what her trouble is and her not here? You believe it. You do. I'm a stranger to you. Is that right? Your wife has female trouble. If that's right, raise up your hand. Hi. So they will see it. And your name is Mr. Smith. Do you believe that God will make her well? If that's right, wave your hand up and down like this. Then brother Abraham says,"I challenge you to believe that Jesus Christ is revealed in the form of son of man in human flesh through the bride's body." Hallelujah. But now when he says that then he says accept his call. The revelation is always a call to witness. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes. And that's why thinking about it, I chose that that that title, witnessing the resurrection, because I feel like not witnessing as an as a passive observer, but witnessing as a part of that resurrection and witnessing as an active person who has been impacted by it and witnessing as you becoming a witness of what you have observed, living it out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let me go on to this next one. And yes, it's long, but I'll read it nonetheless. Now, I want you to know this. I want you to know this is you. You and you that listen to this tape, you might thought today that I was trying to say that about myself being that I was packing this message. So he was the one bringing the message down. It says I have no more to do with it than nothing. No more than a voice. Praise the name of the Lord. And my voice even against my better judgment. I wanted to be a trapper. But it's the will of my father that I declare to do and determined to do. I wasn't the one that appeared down on the river. I was only standing there when he appeared. Amen. So now he's putting the differences between himself and the Lord Jesus Christ. But yes, he did appear and we can't deny it. See, I'm not the one that performed these things and forells these things that happen as perfect they are. I'm only one that's near when he does. I was only a voice that he used to say it. Hallelujah. It wasn't what I knew. is what I surrendered myself to that he spoke through. It isn't me. It wasn't the seventh angel. Oh, no. It was the manifestation of the son of man. And I just want to pause here and say when you hear son of man, it means prophet. But usually when he says the son of man is a reference to the prophetic ministry of Jesus Christ because Jesus has the three sonship position, right? Son of God, that's the Holy Spirit in us. Son of man, that's prophetic ministry. and son of David which will be in the millennium when he reigns as a king. It wasn't the angel his message. It was the mystery that God unfolded. It's not a man. It's God. I I I will keep going. All right. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. And so these people who came to receive that revelation were people of his own chosen. But first they were also committed to it. They were completely sold out because when they came they took a vow. So the word goes first before the revelation, right? They took a vow from them and then they make a covenant and then after that he was revealed to them. Praise the name of the Lord because you know in a in in a sense oh the word always comes and then the revelation. God gives the revelation to your heart but it must always be confirmed by the word. Hallelujah. No matter how good your revelation is, no matter how many people accept it, no matter the heavens open then whatever happened, you check it with the word. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. And so the first effect of the revelation, and I'm I'm I'm going quick now. The first effect of of the revelation was that they took their rightful position. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In verse 11, when they recognized that the king was in his rightful position because the king came, they placed the crown on him, they give him the testament and he stands where kings stand. And so when they see that, they also took their positions around him. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Now if you know anything about divine order, you understand that any time that there is the there is divine order in place, God descends to confirm it. Hallelujah. That is why we all have to have our positions. Hallelujah. I always say I could be uh the rocket scientist. Maybe I'm going to the moon and my wife is a high school dropout. The Lord gave her to me as an helpmate. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. And when I ignore her, oh, she doesn't understand the things we are talking and I ignore her and I go for it. I am missing out big time. First of all, I'm rejecting God's help for me. I'm not recognizing. and I'm not grateful for that help that God has given me. And so understand it, take your position, recognize other people's position, and let everybody be in their position. Because when there's divine order at home, God visits. When divine order at church, God visits. Sister, be in. Listen, share his vision. Support that vision. Don't try to prove, oh yeah, uh, I'm wiser, I'm smarter, or I make more money. What is that? Your position you have is a role. It's not a hierarchy. Amen. It's a role. And go, listen, I always say this way that no matter what I do, I can never have a baby in me. I don't know how it feels. So, it's a rule. It's not a hierarchy. Yes, the world has turned it into that. But let's stick in our positions. Children, pray for your family. Hallelujah. Pray for your parents. There's no way that it says only fathers can pray. No, you when you are a child, at the very least, when you obey your parents, yes, parents may be pleased, but at the very least, the Lord is pleased. Amen. He says, "Obey your parents in the Lord, but it's pleasing to him." And so, let's get this divine order in place. Let's experience him a little more. Amen. There is so many of the privilege that we just let by just because we want to keep scratching this rush. Can we get over it? Can we clear it? Can we approve it completely and enjoy something better? It's true. The Bible doesn't talk about happiness. The Bible doesn't talk about amusement, but it talks of joy. Hallelujah. And it's different. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. So, let's assume our positions. If mom is not home and I'm telling the children, you see your mom, she did this and she did that and what am I doing? I'm completely out of place. Right? Let them see a united parenthood because it brings them under subjection too. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we want to look we have received the word. We know the role of a pastor. We know a deacon and trustee and everything. Let's be in our places in the church because when everything is in place is God. He will not fail. He will confirm it. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, after the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, practically none of the apostles stayed in place. This one said, "Oh, I'm going fishing." This one said, "I'm joining you." They were all demoralized and everything. They thought, "Oh, Jesus was the one who was going to restore the kingdom to Israel." And yes, he was going to restore the kingdom, but it was more than the kingdom of Israel. He was going to restore the kingdom of God to man. Hallelujah. Amen. But even that they had completely abandoned what they were aspiring for and then the the Lord reveals himself to them and the revelation changes everything. And now they're ready to t in Jerusalem. And they're ready to wait for the promise of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so if we take our positions, we will see his promise fulfilled in our lives. Hallelujah. Everyone who has studied the history of the church knows what happened after Isuza Street. know that the beginning of the century the Welsh revival and then Auza Street comes in and then as it's dying out there was just an explosion of all sorts of denominations and everything and everybody is doing what what what they want the chaos that that that ensued until the revival started. God started the revival. But you see the Lord knew that you and I will be here and so what did he do? He didn't let the con confusion continue. He just sent correction to the church. Praise the name of the Lord. And so with that, it comes to prepare us for the journey. Right? That correction is what prepares us for because you see it's very simple. The Bible says uh the the bride has made herself ready but it's the Lord who provides everything that we need and everything has already been provided. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. And so, it's up to us to take it and make ourselves ready. You know, um Esther, Queen Esther, she had to dress herself, right? And she had to dress herself in a way that will please the king. But the only way she could do that was take everything absolutely everything from the palace. From head to toe her dress was completely from the palace. She couldn't keep wanting oh this this my mom gave me oh this is my identity and put a pin there disqualified. Oh no no absolutely everything had to come from the palace. And this is what we are saying that God has given us everything it takes to make it and so it's up to us to use it. Praise the name of the Lord. So the next effect of that revelation was that they were empowered to take what was rightfully theirs. Because once the people thought that there was nobody from the house of David to to to lead them, they were demoralized. Nobody could stand for anything again. The boldness was gone. And then everybody succumbed to this dominating female spirit. But understand that this dominating fe spirit, brother Abraham has identified it. It's the antichrist spirit, right? And what does the antichrist spirit do? It makes the church lukewarm, formal and powerless. And so that is what Atallaya did to the church and that is what the spirit of Atallaya will do. And that is why the church if you recognize it and you have you have revelation then we fight it because it doesn't belong here. Hallelujah. So I'm reading from the church age again quickly. But the book of revelation shows how the antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it making it lukewarm formal and powerless. It exposes certain revealing his works and attempted destruction of God's people and the discrediting of God's word. That is what the antichrist spirit does. But now we know how it started and where it started right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. He fights that. He cannot stand it. He knows that if the people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is, what she stands for, she can do the greater works. She will be an invincible army. And so now all the rulers are powerless. But once the king was revealed, so these same people who have stayed under submission for six years, suddenly they changed by looking at a seven-year-old boy. That is all that happened. Yes. Hallelujah. That is all that happened. And so now that they saw this seven-year-old boy and they recognize it's not the boy, it's not the age, but they recognize his role. They recognize his position and they recognize they have a king and the king is in his position and they can also take their position. And that is where we see the presence of our power, the source of our strength is that everybody takes their place and everybody takes their position. And so they see that they recognize that they take their position and what happens is that they're emboldened. And so now um as a lawyer comes in, sees what is going on, recognizes that that is the king and she rents her clothing and starts saying treason, treason, apparently in defeat. But they were not satisfied with that. They followed through and killed her. Hallelujah. And then once they killed her, they took back their kingdom. Amen. We are called to take back what is ours. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's be bold as fathers. Amen. Let's bring back the devotion times. Amen. Let's bring back the prayer meetings. Let's bring back order at home. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's take back our children. Let's take back our family. Let's take back our marriages. Hallelujah. Everything that is wrong, let's take back. If we've caught the revelation, we are empowered to declare that he's not dead. He's risen and he's alive in our hearts. Hallelujah. And so the revelation of the king destroyed all the works of the evil one in Judah. You understand that Atallayia was killed. The dominating female spirit was subdued in Judah. Idolatry was uprooted. Martin and the priest of Bal was killed. Their national identity as a people of God was restored. The temple of Baal was destroyed. Hallelujah. There was joy. Their hope was restored. The Levites were restored. They went back to temple worship. Something they had been denied for six years. And all of that because the king was revealed. And yet the scripture says in 1 John 3:8 that he manifest himself to destroy the works of the evil one. So if we have received a revelation for a day, it has to quicken us into action. Hallelujah. It has to quicken us to take a stand for the Lord. It has to quicken us to be known at work as believers. It has to quicken us to be known everywhere else at home at a church as a people who believe. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you. We have to become true witnesses because that's what happens. He reveals to us and then we share and in the course of time with our faithfulness we become channels through which he manifest himself. Hallelujah. Now you have to understand that the people who received this revelation they were all fighters. Hallelujah. So that revelation is a call to fight. Amen. And when they received that revelation, they lost all their fear of Atallayia. They took back their possession. But most important of all, they also took they also protected their revelation because when they saw the king, now the king was their revelation. And then they took positions. Hallelujah. Amen. That is the same thing that happened at the time of Jesus. You can see the the the how much the disciples were before they were before Jesus was revealed to them and how bolden they became once Jesus was revealed to them. Right now Jesus calls the revelation of who he is the very foundation of church. He says upon this rock I will build my church. Hallelujah. And he says the gate of hell cannot prevail against it. And so the revelation is what starts it. Now without that revelation, without that foundation, no matter what you build, it will not stand the test of time. That is why in this end time, the Lord has revealed himself again. Yes, in another form, but the truth of the trinity is known. In another form, but mystery Babylon is known in another form, but serpent seed is understood. In another form, communion is known in another form. So over and over, we could keep going. But all that restoration to what it was is to give us a foundation. Amen. Hallelujah. Now I I'll just be closing now. When the people took their position, the spear of David was also given to them and the shield of David was given to them. Hallelujah. I am always late. I apologize. I don't know what to say. But you see that the spear of David, the shield of David in which was in the temple was given to these people when they took their position. Now these are spears and these are shells that have never known any defeat. Hallelujah. They have a long history of battles for the Lord. And absolutely no defeat. Hallelujah. What an honor for such a thing to be handed to you when you're getting ready for battle. Amen. But it makes me wonder in this end time, has the King Saul been handed to us? Praise the name of the living God. Hallelujah. And so what are we doing with it? Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. So these people were sent forth to go like David of Fold, fight the Lord's battles and bring back the victory home. And then just before brother Abraham preaches the seals, the king sword is handed to him. Hallelujah. And then he declares to us that he's not dead and that he's alive. Amen. So let's recap as I'm I'm just fixing to close in five minutes. The king has been hidden for six years. In the seventh year, these people of his own chosen are invited. When these people come the word first, they take an oath. They make a covenant and then they crown the king. It's revealed to them. They crown him and they they anoint him and they they hand him the testimony and then they place him at a place in the temple. And then once they do that the people shout God save the king. Amen. And as they shout God save the king it attracts atallayah. When you come here and you are praising the Lord, when you come here and you are worshiping, don't think it's in vain. And don't think the devil doesn't know. Your praise is causing havoc in the devil's camp. Your worship is destroying things in the devil's camp. So do it with revelation as if you know what you're doing. Because it's happening. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't think the devil is so much bothered if oh let's stand up. Okay, I stand up. Let's raise our hands and I raise my hands and no but if you have the revelation and from your heart you are worshiping understand that it's causing havoc in the devil's camp. And so all of that happens and then ata comes in and she comes in confused. She comes in desperate. She starts yelling treason when they had not done anything to her yet. At that point, they had not done anything to her. And yet the worship and the praise bring her to that position. But the most important aspect of it was that she had lost their attention. Hallelujah. She had lost their and and attention means influence. Yes. And so for her to even walk to a place and not be recognized as the monarch, it means the people had no attention for her. And this is key as believers. We cannot focus too much on what the devil is doing. Amen. We have to focus on our Lord and we have to keep serving him. We have to keep worshiping him because the power is there. Without doing anything, she was already neutralized. Without doing anything, she was already wounded. Hallelujah. Completely rendered powerless because the people were praising. So understand it. When you lose attention, you lose influence. If you're in doubt, look at Goliath. He didn't do anything to Israel. Not wanting to Israel. He he he didn't even run after anybody in Israel. He didn't even hit somebody with a stick. No. But he had that appearance that got the attention of the entire army. And once he got the entire army's attention and he started speaking, then he held them under his control. Yes. And for over a month, they were under his control. An entire army. Yes. just because they gave him their attention. But you see, a man came who didn't care about appearance or what he's saying. In fact, instead of being scared, when David got there, he was furious. So, understand it and think about this before you scroll through the next reel on on social media. Your attention is power to the devil. Amen. So watch it before you spend your time checking out the the the latest movie from Hollywood. Think of it. Your attention is the power you are giving to him. Hallelujah. Amen. I have to call the the the the musicians. Um we we've gone quite a bit. Amen. And so, brothers, sisters, we are called and the call is to first witness the resurrection and if you truly witness it, you become a witness. Thank you, Lord. You go and manifest it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, there was a covenant between the people and God. That covenant did not come at the beginning. That covenant only came after Atallaya was dead. Because the king was not going to be there with Atallaya. No, it was either Atallaya reigning or the king reigning. And if we want to welcome our ken, we have to kill Atallaya. We have to kill every trace of that woman. We have to kill everything that seems to to subject us and does not give us the liberty to worship God. Let's be mindful of that. Because we have received a call. It's a sacred call. It's an important call. It's a call for life. It's a call to declare the resurrected Jesus Christ today. It's not that happened 2,000 years. He's alive today in our lives. Let's be mindful of it. Let's be respectful of that call. And let's display him. Let's be on our feet. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Uh, he lives. I serve a rising savior is in the world today. I know that he's living whatever men say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him is always near. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and walks with me. I love my narrow way. He [Music] lives salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives with [Music] him to crown me. I see his love in care. And though my heart grows weary, I never will despair. I know that he is living through all the stormy past. The day of his [Music] appearing will come at last. He [Applause] lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me along the way. He lives. He lives salvation to [Music] him. You ask me, I know he lives. They left you in my heart. Rejoice, oh Christian, lift up your voice and sing. Eternal hallelujah to Jesus Christ the king. and all the father who [Music] [Applause] sold my Oh god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sal. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Is he alive in your life? Let's sing here a rose. [Music] He Jesus my savior waiting for the coming day. Jesus my Lord. From the grave he arose with a mighty glory. He arose from the dark to reign. He arose. He arose. [Music] Hallelujah. Christ arose. Jesus my [Music] savior. Jesus my lord. from the great hem [Music] might be [Music] [Applause] [Music] heal. Hallelujah. Christ arose. God is praise. Jesus my savior. He [Music] never my Lord. He arose in the mighty [Music] [Music] tri. He arose. Hallelujah. Christ the Amen. Hallelujah. Let's bow down our hearts before the Lord. Our dear savior and king, our master and God, you mean everything to us, Lord. Amen. Yes. And father, we understand this falling under the authority of the of your word. that when you arose, you arose with your bride. And so we stand here, oh Lord, called to manifest the resurrected savior in our lives. Father, we have weaknesses and short falls. Yes, Lord. Help us to only believe. That is our call, Father, to believe what you have sent to us. Ask your bride to be faithful, oh Lord. Father, when we step out there, Father, we are one in a million. It takes your strength. It takes your presence. It takes your constant reminder. It takes your encouragement. It takes everything we can get from you to make it through this life. But we are confident, oh Lord, that you are more than able to provide. In reality, you've provided it all. Help us to recognize it. Help us to use it. Help us to live it. There's nothing more precious than what you've done for us, oh Lord. But even as we go forward, oh Lord, help us to be mindful of the people around us, to be mindful of our family, to be mindful of our friends. Father, help us to understand the position in which we have been called into. Oh Lord, and Father, let help us to take all that privileges that you fought for, that you died for us. Oh Lord, we are yours and we love you. And when we come this way, we just come to surrender once more and just worship you and express our love to you. Oh Lord, thank you for seeing us through today. Oh God, thank you for your word of life. Oh Lord, if there be anything I said not consistent with your word, Lord, wipe it out completely. Oh Lord, but my prayer is that you continue to speak to our hearts even as we leave here. That we remain united in your presence even as people are separate ways. Lord, bless every soul out there who was supposed to be here, who could have been here but has had to be away. Father, those traveling, lead them safely back home. We pray, oh Lord, that you anoint my brother Mary Ben as he prepares for Wednesday, Lord. Every time we meet, Lord, may you have that permanence, oh Lord, because you are the reason for our meeting and you are the one we seek to please, Lord. and help us to go out there and declare a living God who is risen today to a dying world. We love and appreciate the master. In Jesus Christ's name do we pray. Amen. Let's sing one last song and then better he abides. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] I walk everywhere and I go in and all my life I see and the praising of my s [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Applause] [Music] [Applause] wonder my heart. Once I had no I [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Applause] [Music] [Music] wonder for the day of the [Applause] [Music] world. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I'll be here every time. [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I feel you. Thank you. [Music]
