################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - 2025-06-11 -  Bro. Joel Gallant - A Divine Exchange - Joel Gallant.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-11
Title:    2025-06-11 -  Bro. Joel Gallant - A Divine Exchange
Speaker:  Joel Gallant
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMKQKiDgB8Y
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joel Gallant
Wednesday, June 11th 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again to the house of the Lord to each one of you visitors. God bless you each one. Just looking forward to once again feeding on the word of God. That vindicated message that will grow us up in the most holy faith. Good to be here in the house of the Lord tonight. Stand with me if you would as we as we start these choruses tonight. Father in heaven, we love you. Oh, Father in heaven, we love you. Oh, we lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty works. Oh, blessed be the Lord God, Almighty, who was and is and is to come. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who reigns forever more. Yes, Father in heaven we love you. Oh, we lift your name in all the earth. Only May your kingdom be established in our praises. You're worthy, Lord. Oh, as your people declare your mighty works. Oh, blessed be the Lord God. Alm mighty who was and is and is to love. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who was and is and is to come. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns for ever more. [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Second verse. Oh, you're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. 10,000 praises for my heart to find. Let's try that second verse again. Oh, you're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Is that our God? Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness, I will keep on singing. 10,000 praises for my heart to find. Oh, everyone now. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. I worship your holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul, oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Oh yes, I'll worship your holy name. Isn't it lovely? Isn't it enjoyable to worship the Lord tonight? Bow with me if you would in prayer tonight as we go to the Lord. Father, it's just so wonderful to let you know how much we love you. Father, you expressed your love to us. We could never pay the debt that you that that we owe. But oh Lord, we're so thankful that we're recipients of that elective love before the foundation of the earth. Oh God, you called us. You knew through fornowledge what choices we would make. But Lord, we know in our hearts, Lord, there's not a single one of us that could boast on anything. But Father, you place that seed in us to say amen to your word. Not just any word, but the word you descended with in this hour. Lord, we're so thankful for that. Lord, as we have gathered together, you see the hearts and souls of each person here. Lord, would you meet those needs? Father, was thinking tonight just in prayer, Lord, would you just add one more cell to that spiritual man tonight? Just one cell. Lord, we'll leave here. We'll be rejoicing. We'll love you more than when we came in those doors. Lord will be more prepared, more equipped, and more ready for that great soon catching away. Lord, grant that. Bless the brother that would bring the word. He's traveled many miles. The friends that have come with him, Lord, bless him richly, Lord, tonight. And Father, may you bless the word. Bless the anointing of it. And oh God, may we receive with joyful hearts, Lord. May our hearts be opened, our ears just attentive tonight. We've come hungry and thirsting, Lord. That's our confession, Lord. And I know you you will never disappoint. You'll fill us, Lord. You'll feed us because we come that way. Thank you for these things, Lord. Receive our worship now. We pray in the precious name of the Lord Jesus, we ask. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. [Music] Lots of opportunity to count our blessings. We are blessed people indeed. When upon life spills, you are tempest lost. When you are discouraged, thinking all is lost. Oh, just count your many blessings, name them one by one, and it will surprise you what the Lord has done. Oh, count your blessings. Leave them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Oh, count your blessings. Oh, name them one by one. Just count your many blessings. See what God have done. Go amid the conflict whether great or small. Oh, do not be discouraged for my God is over all. Just count your many blessings angels will attend. Oh help and comfort give you to your jour. Oh, just count your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh, count your blessings. See what God has done. Oh, just count your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh, count your many blessings. See what God has done. Oh, just count your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh, count your blessings. See what God has done. Oh, count your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh, count your many blessings. See what God has done. [Music] And I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. For you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name, Lord. I bless your name. In prisoners chase with bleeding stripes. Oh, Paul and Silus [Applause] [Music] prayed that night. And in their pain began to see their chains were loosed and they were free. Aren't you glad to be free tonight? I bless your name. [Applause] I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. Oh, you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. from midnight hour. If you should find your inner prison [Music] in your mind. Oh, just reach out and praise. defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. Oh Lord, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name and I cast all my cares upon you. Oh yes, I lay all my burdens down at your feet. anytime. I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. Oh yes, I cast all my cares upon you. Oh Lord, I lay hold my blessings down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. Oh, I will cast all my cares upon you. And I don't know just I don't know how exactly how I feel and I can't begin to tell you what has meant. I'm lost for words. Isn't that the truth sometimes? Oh, is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are, my dearest friend. Oh, this is my desire to pour my love upon you. Stand with me if you would. Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I pour my love on you. It praises like perfume. Oh, I lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone. I pour my love on you. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart and I express oh how great I think you are my dearest friend. Thank you Lord. Oh, this is my desire to pour my love on you. When our pastor come like boil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart, I pour my love on you. It praises like perfume. Till every drop is gone. I pour my love on you. Amen. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. I trust you've come expecting. Just have a couple of requests tonight that we'd like to bring before the throne of grace. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, tonight we just want to pour our love upon you, Father. Lord Jesus, we've gathered here tonight because we desire to worship you, Father. Lord, as we heard about on Sunday, Father, if there's a desire for more of you, that means there's more of you to be had. And that's why we've gathered here tonight, Lord Jesus, for more of you. Oh father, we know that your prophets, they said that they must decrease so that you can increase. And that's our desire here tonight, Father, is that we could decrease so that you could increase, Father, in our service, Lord, in our lives, Lord, in our marriages, Father, in our relationships, Lord, in our careers, Lord Jesus. In our decision makingaking, Father, in everything that we do, Lord, our desire is to see more of you. So, Father, we just want to commit our lives in a greater way to you tonight, Father. Lord, we pray for the needs that were made known unto you tonight by way of an uplift hand. We just commit them into your hands, Father, unto you. And we trust that Lord, your will will be done. And Father, tonight we pray that you would be with Sister Michelle and Brother Emanuel, Lord Jesus, as the baby is on the way. Father, we just want to unite together as a body here with them and ask you, Father, for a safe delivery, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that we can bring our prayers and our supplications to you, Father. Oh, Father, tonight we also want to remember the Hoffer family, Lord, as they go through the valley of the shadow of death, Lord. Father, we don't know what's going to take place. We know that you have it all in your control, Lord Jesus. And we just commit all of the situation into your hands for your glory, Father. Lord Jesus, tonight as we turn turn our eyes upon you, Father, we just, Lord, look to the highest order of the service, Lord, where you come and you minister to us, Lord. Help us all to get out of the way, Father, and give you the preeminence, Lord. We just ask that you would anoint the speaker, Father. that Lord you would anoint the hearer alike Lord Jesus that we would be one with you. Father we'll be careful to give you all the praise. Father tonight we just ask that you would bless brother Joel and his family for coming by our way. Lord we pray that you would just anoint that burden that you have placed upon his heart. Father we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I was thinking about it. It's been about a year since we had brother Joel with us and we're certainly thankful to have him here but only this time with his entire family. God richly bless you. They're going to stick around Calgary tonight and tomorrow and I believe on Friday they're going to head north. They're going to go out through Jasper and head up over to Edmonton and go and visit Edmonton Living Word for a couple days and we trust the Lord will bless them there as well. Can we sing that chorus? I love him. I love him. As we invite brother Joel, Joel Galant. He's the pastor of the church in Three Rivers, Quebec. The Lord's been doing a wonderful work there, and I'm sure that he'll he'll tell us about it. So, let's just sing that tonight as we invite our brother. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first love me. [Music] Once again, I love him. Glory. [Music] I love him because he first love me. Oh, and perious my salation [Music] on God. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I'm glad to be here. May God bless you all richly. I still remember the last time. I think we had a blessed time last time, a blessed service and getting to know you. U even after I remember the restaurant as well. I met a sister downstairs that said, "I remember the timeout from last time." Amen. And it's a blessing to hear about it. You know that that the Lord spoke. If these are men's word, you'll forget about them. But when God comes down, it makes a difference. Amen. Amen. So before we um before we sit, let's just read a a verse as a context tonight. [Music] 2 Corinthians chapter 5. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 and verse 21. I asked brother Barry to pray for my accent before service and he said he would pray for your ears instead. So I trust it will be all right. Amen. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 uh verse 21. For he made him who knew no sin to be sin for us that we might become the righteousness of God in him. Amen. And what I want to do tonight is read from two different translations, two more translations just to try to get even more context out of it. And the second one is uh the amplified version that goes like this. He made Christ who knew no sin to be sin on our behalf so that in him we would become the righteousness of God. That is we would be made acceptable to him and placed in a right relationship with him by his gracious love and kindness. And the Living Bible goes, "For God took the sinless Christ and poured into him our sins. Then in exchange, he poured God's goodness into us." Amen. Let's pray. Father God, thank you for this uh moment. We can gather ourselves tonight around your word. And I pray you come down Lord in a mighty way tonight and and uh search our hearts you know and and Lord if there is anything in our hearts that needs a change may you give us humility to to make a move Lord to surrender our hearts or parts of our hearts to you that need surrendering. May you take control over this service Lord. May the words that will be spoken not be my words but your words as I step aside Lord come down I pray and take control I ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So in my church, as brother um Barry has mentioned, last time we were here, we were about six months in in a new church. So it's about a year and a half now. We moved to a permanent location, uh a church building, and we grew from I think we were 28 and to over 50, so kind of double you. and and God has been doing a a wonderful work because people are coming off the street, you know, to hear the word. And this has um um this has been a an opportunity for me to preach a simple gospel. Um and that is what I want to do tonight. I started a series in my church that I called the evolution of revelation. And uh we went back to the dark ages and and the coming out of it when light struck Luther. You know how how God restored to Luther this truth that the Catholic Church um tried to bury for hundred years, hundreds of years. The Catholic Church tried to bury truths to keep people uh under bondage under the dominion of the Catholic Church. And and then light strike. The just shall live by faith. And and the purpose of this series I'm doing in church was to walk with the light. You know, as the light struck Luther in in the 1500s, just walk with the light and understand how God works and how he restores truths because he said, "I will restore." He promised it. Amen. And I thought we would move quick, you know, a couple services on justification and then move along to to sanctification and baptism of the Holy Ghost and and all these truths. But um this this topic of justification, the Holy Ghost had other plans for it. It just I've been stuck preaching justification for about three months now. And uh but we've seen lives changed. We've seen people saved. Uh church people saved. not only people coming out of the street but church people saved um out of their religion into a relationship with Christ and um and so just before we start I want to read out of the church age book tonight I know you've studied it a lot because brother Barry told me you spent something like 18 months on the church ages is that it 18 months 16 months, something like that. But I I want to read just um just one quote for you before we start that proved to be true in my church. And I've been preaching along the topic of justification in few churches lately. And it seems to be true that brother Brandham goes like this. And I hope you can see it. The Bible says in 2 Corinthians 5:21 that we have become the righteousness of God by by our union with Jesus Christ. Did you get it? It says that we are the very righteousness of God himself by being in Christ. It says that he Jesus became sin for us. It does not say became sinful but became sin for us that by our union with him we might become the righteousness of God. If we accept the fact and we must and we must that he really became sin for us by his substitution for us. Then we must also accept the fact that we by our union with him have become the very righteousness of God. To reject one is to reject the other. To accept one is to accept the other. Now we know the Bible says that it can't be denied. But the revelation of it is missing. It is not real to the majority of God's children. It is just a good verse in the Bible. This proved to be true for many Christians in our churches. It's a good verse in the Bible, but we need to have it made alive to us. And my prayer for us tonight is that this Bible verse is made alive for someone here tonight by the preaching of the word by the preaching of the truth that this Bible verse may be made alive. Amen. And you know the the restoration taking place throughout the church ages is not a restoration of doctrine. Even though doctrines are restored in the process, there are truths that are being restored. But it's the restoration of the church. Bringing the church back to original. That's the whole purpose of it. The whole purpose is not we know in better doctrine than others. The purpose of it is us the church because we are the church. The church is the people in the pews. So think think of restoration of a car. Let's say think of the restoration of a car. You can't restore an old car if it wasn't new once. You know, before you can restore anything, it had to be revealed first. And so what happens through the ages is what ca the Catholic Church has been burying, you know, they've been burning Bibles and and putting people to death. What the Catholic Church has been trying to hide from Christians is now being restored. And what happens in a restoration is you can't st you can't skip parts of the process. You know, if you take an old car, even if you put shiny wheels and brakes and and new chuckss and mufflers, if you don't put in a new motor, then it's useless. You can't go anywhere with it, right? And so, this this work of restoration is not about doctrine as much as it's about the people. So, we can be like our forefathers in the book of Acts. That's the whole purpose of it. Amen. And the heart is the first thing that needs to be restored. And Luther's message is just about that. It's just about that. And so I hope you all stay with me as we will take a look tonight at Luther's message because justification was Luther's message. But it didn't end when Luther died. Right? It's just uh knowing it's the same message. It's not a different message. Brother Ram said, "I preach the same message." Luther preach only something's been added, but but often I feel we want to start climbing the ladder by the last step and but we need to build on it. You see, I told my church we are Lutherans. That was not many amens the first time I said it. But brother said, you know, we are Lutheran, Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostals. We're all of this. We believe the truth. We believe the whole truth. And if we believe the whole truth, the whole council of God, we don't want to miss on one part of it or one bit of it. We want all of the goodness that's in the word. And that justification topic, it's so vast. It's so wide. It's such a blessing. It transforms the Christians, transforms the church, and and uh I know it for a fact because I've been stuck preaching for three months. And uh and I can't get away from it. It's it's uh it's beautiful. It's amazing. And so I hope you uh you jump in with me tonight as we take a a deep dive. you know just uh it will be only one one service not three months except brother Barry is really inspired but but uh tonight the title of my my sermon would be a divine exchange a divine exchange and u as individuals and that almost ties with the the message I preached last time I was here because as individuals we all have a motivation for our actions. We all do. There is something that that motivates our actions. If we work overtime, how many here work overtime? If we work overtime, it's either, you know, to treat ourselves with a trip or something or pay back the credit card because we've already treated ourselves. If you watch what you eat, you want to lose weight. There's always a motivation behind an action. And so my question tonight would be why do you go to why do you go to church? Why do you go to church? What is the motivation behind this Christian life that you live? What is it? Are you looking for a religion or for a relationship? This is the real question. Are you looking for a religion or for a relationship? Because chances are most of us are here tonight because one day we realized we were sinners. Like we realized our current life wasn't worth much. Well, we realized we wronged God. We wanted this to change. And that is actually the reason we're here. You know, when we're born, we're not aware of sin, right? But as we grow older, our consciousness grows. You know, when I was two, I didn't know it was bad to to throw food on the ground. I didn't know it yet when I was two. Our our consciousness grows over time. But in regard of sin, the truth is in regard of our sinful condition, we have that awakening moment like that lightning strike where we were living our lives the way we wanted to do it and then all of a sudden it strikes us that this life we live is not right. It's striking. It happens at once. Some have it at age 12, some at age 40. But when it hits, it hits. I'm a sinner. I have sinned against God. I'm lost. So, there's a reason why I asked about your motivation in being a Christian or what you are looking for in a Christian life. And it's because most human beings on planet Earth reacted the exact same way for 6,000 years when realizing they sinned against God. We do have a record of how people reacted when they realized they sinned against God. And it doesn't tend to change much. We tend to react the same way over and over again. And so let's look at the first two human beings to be hit with the fact that they have sinned against God. And the question remains as we are looking at Adam and Eve. Are you looking for a religion or relationship? And I really pray someone has the humility to search their own hearts tonight. Genesis chapter 3. So when the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was pleasant to the eyes and a tree desirable to make one wise, she took of the fruit and ate. She also gave it to her husband with her, and he ate. Then the eyes of both of them were opened and they knew that they were naked. And they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves covering. And they heard the sound of the Lord walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God among the trees of the garden. Then the Lord God called to Adam and said to him, "Where are you?" So he said, "I heard your voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself." And in these few verses, we witness the fall of humanity. Adam and Eve realize they are naked, their eyes open. Amen. They do realize it all at once. And just like most of us, I would assume that live this moment, the lightning strike. I'm I'm a sinner. Like 10 minutes ago, I wasn't aware, but now I know. And it hurts. But we also see in these few verses from Genesis what men do when they realize they have sinned against God. They manufacture themselves a religion. The fig leaves is a religion. We all know brother said it right. The fig leaves is a religion. The fig leaves is I hide my nudity. I hide my shame. I try to fix my problem myself. That is a religion. Adam told himself, you know, if we hide our nudity from God, God will not notice we sinned. That's what they try to do with the fig leaves. And it looks like a lot of Christians on Sunday. We dress nice, we put on a smile, we come to church, we sing, we clap hands, we lift hands, and it's all in an effort to look okay, right? God won't notice. I've put my best shirt. God won't notice. I sang the loudest I could. God won't notice. Trying to manufacture ourselves a religion. I want everybody to realize that Adam already had a relationship with God. Amen. It sounds crazy to me that someone who already has a relationship with God would still try to manufacture a religion when he becomes aware of his own sin. But Adam thought his religion is what would save his relationship. Adam thought his religion was what would allow his relationship to survive his sinful condition. But it didn't work. If I if I hide my shame, God will stay with me. If I make amend for my mistake, everything will be all right. He manufactured or tried to manufacture his own righteousness. But did it work? It didn't. In verse eight, it says, "When he heard the voice of the Lord, he ran in the woods and hide." That's what he did. Even with the fig leaves, even with his religion, when he heard the voice of the Lord, he ran in the wood and hid. He did showing us that religion doesn't work. It doesn't work to restore relationship with God. It serves other purposes, but not restoring relationship with God. And what I believe is that the more a man is sincere with God, the more a man has a conscience of his sin, the more chances he has of living a religion. You see, I don't want anybody to see a religion or somebody in a religion see that person as as lukewarm or or wicked. That person is really sincere. Actually, that person is really sincere. The more you you have conscience, the more you try to to do something to make amend for the wrong you've done. That's just human nature. The the more you're you're sincere with God, the more chances you will fall for a religion. Because when we become fully aware of our sinful nature, our conscience gives us a guilt trip, right? Like everything's our fault. And just like Adam and Eve, we do two things. First, we hide our arts from God. You know, because we realize we are unworthy of a relationship with him. So we hide our hearts from him or we withdraw from relationship if if we were fortunate enough to have one before before our conscience got to us. When we realize our sinful condition we hide our hearts from the only person who could take care of it. And the second thing we do once we hide our hearts we get in a religion. And I'm not talking about a specific religion. Some people find one, some people manufacture one. You can be in a religion of one person. You You don't need to be, you know, 2,000 people or 200,000 people to be in a religion. You can be in your own religion. That's what Martin Luther did. And boy, that man was sincere. I don't know if anybody ever studied the life of Martin Luther, but you know there there will always be someone out there who understands how our conscience works, who understand what we've just talked about, the fact that we feel guilt and want to make amend. And that person or that system that understands how your conscience work when you become aware of sin will always come and present a religion to you. They know you have a a a thirst inside of you to make yourself righteous before God to restore your situation to find favor with God to appease your conscience. And this is exactly what the first organized religion did. The great Catholic Church, they've put together a a whole bunch of deeds that you had to do to be right with God, to make amend. And they were circumstantials, you know, meaning that depending on what you did wrong, what you had to do to make amend changed and you could also pay for the wrong of others. That must have been very lucrative. I mean, man, and you know, using this loophole in our conscience, they've put together a religion that offered some kind of peace of mind supposedly in exchange for rulership, dominion over the people. And uh and I have to be honest with you tonight, I believe that Christians, all all of the Christians carry this Catholic heritage with them. no matter their affiliation. We all carry that that Catholic heritage. Uh it's true that Protestant broke away from from Catholicism, but but the heritage of looking for religion, looking for a covering for guilt and shame and being ready to give dominion to someone, you know, giving dominion over our lives to to anyone who could promise heaven or some kind of peace for my conscience in exchange to obedience to a set of rules. We're prone to do that. Many very sincere people that want to please God and do right get caught in religion and one of them was Martin Luther. Martin Luther was a brilliant young man and uh he was set to a bright future. He was supposed to go to university and and become an advocate, a lawyer. Uh that's what his dad had in mind. But the guy became a monk instead. He took a vow of poverty. And you know when we uh easterners think about monks, we think about an old guy because that there doesn't seem to be a lot of young monks nowadays. But but he was very young, you know, he was just 18 or 19, something like that. And he made a vow of poverty and he became monk. And what that meant is he spent eight hours a day, seven days a week, year round, praying, meditating, reading the Bible, and singing. Eight hours a day. He lived by charity, sobriety, chastity, poverty, obedience, fast, vigils, and mortifications of the flesh. That was his lifestyle. Why did he do that? a young a bright young man with a bright future. Why did he do that? Because he loved God. That's an important point to make. Because he loved God. Because he wanted to please him. Because he wanted to be good. But also because he feared God. Like was afraid of him. He was in terror before God. and he thought he could do things to make himself right before God, pay for for his pay for his failures and and appease his conscience. And here's a list of things Luther did in the monastery to try and become worthy of a relationship with God. You know, he fasted for no water, no drinking, and no no food, no water, rather no food, no water, no nothing for over seven days at a time. prolonged, you know, fasting periods, staying up all night, night after night, depriving himself of a blanket in the cold nights of winter until he almost froze to death. That that was one of his favorite ways, you to suffer, to try to be right, was hypothermia, hurting his physical body. He deprived himself from even all the necessaries necessities of life. Luther was such a good monk that he was selected by his fellow monks because all monks are not equal even if you become a monk you know and not everybody in church is is equal in terms of you know sincerity and deeds and stuff that's why we uh we tend to add an adjective be before the word Christian a good Christian you know a bad Christian it's because not all Christians are equal in our eyes in our eyes. He was selected for priesthood by his fellow monk to celebrate mess a mass and um to come to the altar and perform the miracle of reenacting the sacrifice of Christ. You know Catholics believe that the bread will become the actual body. You know that and that happens through the power of the priest. They think so that priest doing that miracle he has to be perfect utmost perfect. So he has to pay for a lot of things ahead of this ceremony and perform a lot of deeds to be in the right condition to approach the holy altar of a holy God. And Luther thought he really thought this is it. Like finally I will restore my relationship with God at this altar. I've been a monk for almost two years. I lived right. I paid for my mistakes. I done everything I could. I suffered. And now here's my opportunity to come before the altar and restore my relationship with God. I've done it all and now I'm going to find peace. But instead, Luther almost fainted. He was in terror at the idea of getting close to a holy God. And this is a turning point in his life where God could start working working with him. And for a while, you know what happened? It got even worse for him because he tried even harder because he failed at this halter. So he thought, I haven't done enough. I need to try harder to be perfect and I need to pay for more mistakes. And he came out of read that reenacting performance with two questions in mind. And the two questions he had in mind that would haunt him was, "How can a man stand in the presence of a holy God unless he himself is holy? And how can a man be holy?" And those are real questions. And in this state of mind, he turned the pages of his Bible to Romans chapter one and read this. For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth, to the Jews first, and also to the Greek. For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith. No works there. From faith to faith, as it is written, the just shall live by faith. And the light sparked. God revealed justification by faith to Luther. He restored righteousness by faith to the guy who could preach it. It's amazing how God does how he does things because let's say you have that lousy Christians that hates the deeds and he comes up with that new idea. It's by faith. You don't need to do no deeds. That idea is is hard to accept. But when it comes from the monk amongst all, you know, Luther said, I was a good monk and I kept the rule of my order so strictly that I may say if that if ever a monk got to heaven through his monkery, it was I. If I had gone on any longer, I would have killed myself. That's what he says. If there was one, it's me. All the deeds that Luther performed didn't bring didn't bring him no comfort, no peace. If I were you, I would stop trying. Stop trying to find peace in in your deeds. It doesn't work. None of us here are are as zealous as committed as Luther was. Right? I'm not I'm not afraid. I'm not ashamed to say it. I don't have that mental toughness Luther had. I don't have it. That's why I don't try. There is a provided way. He testifies to us even tonight, it doesn't work. It didn't bring me no peace. His testimony still speaks tonight. It doesn't work. The deeds doesn't work. The only thing you need to become a Christian is a personal relationship with Christ. But that's what Luther wanted. The problem isn't that he didn't want a relationship. He wanted deeds instead. It's not a eitheror. He wanted a relationship, but he thought that he had to do something to be able to get into relationship with God. The conclusion was, I can never stand before him as a sinner. I need to do something about it. But here's what God showed Luther. I do not ask you to change a thing to come to me. This is not an opinion. I'm giving you tonight. Jesus walked the earth. He walked the earth and we have four gospels as an account of his life on earth of the way he treated people of the way he acted when he faced a sinner. This is God in flesh showing us, you know, um God in flesh to make an an a holy God, almighty God, understandable to the human mind so we can understand the heart of God. Think about reading the gospels. Think about what religion religion is and what relationship is. Look at the Pharisees. They're trying to reform people to have them comply to a set of rules. Religion always wanted people to behave. Always. But they dragged a prostitute by the air to Jesus. And what did Jesus say? I condemn you not. You see Zakius, Zakchius, I think it's called Zakius. Yeah. The whole city was gathered to see Jesus come come in town. And Zakius was in a tree and he was the worst of all. The chief of sinners, the chief of tax collectors, the the worst guy in the city. And I feel like our Christianity today would sound like this. Jesus saying to Zakius, "Hey, Zakius, I wish uh I would stay at your place tonight and have supper with you, but man, your life, it's not on par." So, here's a list of all you got to do. You know, reimburse all the people you stole, make a man, get your life together, you know, ask for forgiveness. and the next time I come to Jericho, maybe I'll stop by. That's what modern religion often looks like. But that's not what he did. He said, "Zakius, come down for I'm having supper with you tonight." And to give you an idea of what that looked like, the whole city murmured. They started chatting about, "Isn't he supposed to be a prophet? I mean, he must know this guy is the worst in town. And yet, that's where he chooses to stay. It makes no sense. But something miraculous happened in these few words from Jesus. Amen. Justification by faith instantly without no need to tell him what he had done wrong or what he should change or do. No, nothing. Instantly because Jesus healed his heart, accepted him, justified him, entered a relationship with him without asking anything in return. Instantly he said, "I will repay every wrong I've done and give my money to the poorer." Why is that? Is that a religion? Matthew tax collector. Hey, Matthew. I'm I'm having supper at your place tonight. He was called a friend of self-righteous. No, a friend of sinners by the religious people. He was called a friend of sinners. My Amen. There has to be a change in our mindset where we go from trying to accepting. And and we need to look at the sacrifice for a little bit tonight because when we hear about Jesus on the cross, we hear about him dying for our sins, right? But the people, the Jews, they already had a provided way for the forgiveness of their sins, didn't they? They would slay a lamb and and their sins were forgiven according to the law of Moses. They would slay a lamb, put their hands on the lamb, the dying lamb, and there was a transfer of their sins to that dying lamb and the sin question was settled for them. So here's my question tonight. Why would the son of god come to die on a cross if a sheep did the work? Amen. There must have been hundreds of thousands of sheep in Israel, maybe millions of sheep. You just picked one, went to the temple, did a sacrifice, and the sin question was settled. But why, if you already have a provided way for your sins, does the son of God have to come down and die on a cross? Now we have to understand the Old Testament in order to get it because in the Old Testament the priest didn't only kill the lamb kill the lamb you you brought to remit your sins. That wasn't it. He also had to go inside the tent or the temple behind the curtain in the holy of holies get in there with blood. This is where the ark of the covenant was. You know, with the the Ten Commandments, it was in the Holy of Holies sitting there. No man could get in there. You would die if you got there. He the priest would get there. The mediator, he would get there with blood. And then there was that big plate of gold on top of the ark of covenant about three inches thick. A big plate of gold called the mercy seat. And that plate of gold was thirsty for blood. And that priest had to come and sprinkle blood on the mercy seat to appease the wrath of God over sin. Amen. Amen. And only if the blood was accepted, the p the priest would come out alive. And so the people would stand there, you know, outside the tent just wandering. They weren't rejoicing yet. Yeah, we've slayed the lamb. Praise God. No. No. The priest, he has to come out alive because if the priest dies, we all die. It's over. Amen. When the priest would come out alive, it would mean that the blood was accepted and the wrath of God over sin was appeased and the people would rejoice. Now, a normal human being couldn't get in there in the presence of God. You would die instantly because Adam lost that relationship with God. He did lost it. Because the relationship was lost, no man could get in the holy of holies but a mediator with blood. You with me? But when Jesus came to earth, he came to restore the relationship. When he died on the cross, not only did he take our sins upon him, not only did he pay the price for our sins, not only did he remit you your sins, but his blood went on the mercy seat and satisfied God rat over sin once and for all. And we have proof of that because the curtain was torn from top to bottom. And what was once hidden was now available in plain sight because relationship was restored. What nobody could see and live became available to all since the wrath of God was appeased by the blood of Christ. Communion with God was restored. A relationship with with God was made possible again. Now Jesus made a way for me to be in relationship for him again. What was lost in the Garden of Eden, fellowship with God is restored. In fact, those who believe in Christ as their savior, those who place their faith in the sacrifice on the cross, they become lovers with Christ, the Bible uses the analogy of husband and wife. You all know that. This is why I talk about relationship so much in opposition to religion. Relationship and religion, they don't go together. Not at all. Not at all. Let's read one more Luther quote. I hope you don't mind. Thus, the soul is free and cleared of all sin for the sake of faith. simply because the bethroal gift from the bridegroom that is because of faith and the soul is given the eternal righteousness of her bridegroom Christ. Is that not a joyous transaction when the rich noble upright bridegroom Christ takes the poor contemptable evil little in marriage and takes away all the evil she has and adorn her with all good things. So it is not possible that sin condemns her for she lies now on Christ and is consumed by him. Luther says that faith is a gift God gave you to begin with. All you need is faith. Paul says but then Luther says and God gives it to you because he's no respector of person. He gives the faith you need. He gives it to you. You can't be in church now and say, "Brother Joel, I wish I had that kind of faith to accept that exchange." No, he gave that faith to you. And then once you have that faith and you use it, a divine exchange happens. Before you used to be drawn to sin, but after the exchange, you are now drawn to your husband. Your desires change, your aspirations change. You are not reformed. You're not following a code of conduct or a set of rules. You're not fighting with yourself anymore because your heart was changed. It's about a new heart. Justification is about I will take away your heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh. You want to be with your husband now. You crave that relationship. You want to please your husband. You want to spend time with him. A divine exchange just happened by faith. A love unspeakable. You cannot explain such a love. Love with a capital L. How amazing that that royal being, a king, the king of kings, redeems such a miserable person as I, paying with his own life to offer to offer me all that belongs to him. In exchange for all that belongs to him to him, I gave him all that belongs to me. A divine exchange. Let's read second Corinthians again. He made Christ who knew no sin to be sin on our behalf so that in him we would become the righteousness of God. That is we would be made acceptable to him and placed in a right relationship with him by his gracious loving kindness. In that transaction, in that exchange, there's more than you think tonight. There's way more than you think. You become the righteousness. You become the righteousness. You do not receive righteousness. You become righteousness. There's a world of difference. Most Christians, they approach righteousness this way. I wish I could have a little righteousness. I wish I could feel righteous. No, you you don't feel righteous. You are righteous. You become righteous. When a king marries a woman, does she receives queen? No, she becomes queen. She becomes queen by oath. The new testament testament means oath. It's a new oath. It's speaking of Christ and his bride uniting. You know, she becomes queen. She becomes part of him. And we become the righteousness of God. And I can't help but think about Queen Esther. You know, she used to live on the countryside. She had a life of her own. But when she found favor with the king and he married her, her life has a peace and was over and new life began. She became queen. She didn't have to wander, you know, at night in in the castle trying not to be seen by the guards or she didn't have to pay for a visit, a tour visit of the castle. she was queen. But so many Christians, they they try to impersonate like they wish they were queen and so they dress like queens and they act like queens, but they're not queens because they don't have a relationship with the king. Amen. With that undeserved position as a queen that we get only because we found favor with the king comes a lot of benefits and perks prophesied in the book. Let let's read some Isaiah 53. Surely he has borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we esteemed him stricken and smitten by God and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities and the chastisement for our peace was upon him. And by his stripes we are healed. We He took our grief. He took our sorrows. He took our our sickness and our affliction and our wounds and our transgressions and he gave us peace and he gave us healing. A divine exchange. Nothing I can do to deserve it. It's an act of love. Someone could ask this question tonight. Why to do all this? Why live this life and do all this? Why serve if I'm already saved without it? I thought I gained something out of it. I became a Christian and I started working and and doing things and I thought I gained something out of it. I thought I gained favor with God. I have a bad news and a good news for you tonight. The good news. You want the good or the bad? First? Let's go with the bad. The bad news is there's nothing you can do to make God love you more. And the good news is there's nothing you can do to make you to make God love you less. His love is unchangeable. Amen. Unchangeable. And so why do all this then if I gain nothing out of it? Let me ask you this. Why did Adam and Eve take care of the Garden of Eden? I mean, it was their full-time job. Basically, God created man and woman and he gave them a kingdom and dominion over the kingdom to take care of the kingdom. They had to name animals and, you know, switch trees around, different things, whatever that meant. They took care of the kingdom. But why did they do it? Was it to find favor with God? Was it to win something? I mean, they already had everything. They already had everything, right? They had nothing missing. Well, they should have sit. That's how the modern word the the modern world teaches us. You know, they put all this advertising on TV and on the side of the highways to make us, you know, crave for things we don't have. When you get this car, you'll be happy. When you go on this vacation, you'll be happy. When you do this, you'll be happy. And they do all this to keep us working. and and and we work overtime to get these things. But let somebody win $25 million. What do they do? They sit. I will never work one more day in my life. What could I gain out of it? I already have $25 million. But that's not scriptural. That is not scriptural. Now the day Esther became queen, her old life as a peasant was over. But as a queen, she had duties and she wanted to please her husband and help him, you know, rule the kingdom. Ain't that right? I mean, imagine Adam and Eve saying, "You're meaning we gain nothing from the work we're doing here in the garden?" No, Adam, you gain nothing because there's nothing more to gain. You already have everything. But if you find yourself in that position tonight where you want to gain something by your actions, I would like to say humbly that you haven't experienced this divine exchange because we only want to gain what we don't have. The minute you have that new car, you don't really want it anymore. or you want the next one. That's human nature. So if you find yourself wanting to gain something out of your Christian life, that thing you're trying to gain is something you don't have right now. Let's just hope you're trying to gain relationship or favor with God. You have found favor with God already. We cannot be Christians trying to win our seat in heaven. We cannot. That's now how Christ designed the plan. When a man realizes the value of God's gift, when a man realizes the value of the sacrifice on the cross and chooses to put his faith in Christ alone, a divine exchange happens. Something that transforms him forever. His old life ends, a new life begins. He's born again. A divine exchange. God took my sickness and gave me healing. A divine exchange. He took my anxiety and gave me peace. A divine exchange. He took my depression and gave me joy. A divine exchange. Don't tell me you're not interested in that exchange. That is not a one-time thing that happened 2,000 years ago. That exchange is available because that throne that used to be a throne of judgment is now become a throne of mercy because you're not a peasant anymore. You're a queen and you found favor in the eyes of the king. So you can come boldly to the throne of grace and and experience that divine exchange over and over again. Amen. He took my heart of stone and gave me a heart of flesh, a divine exchange. The world needs to hear about that exchange, not about a religion, but about a relationship with Christ, the relationship that Christ wants to have with us. He wants to Sometimes I wonder who wants the most. Who wants it the most? And I think the answer is Christ. He gave his life for that relationship. It's nothing we deserve. It's not distributed by merit. You cannot deserve it with God. You can't win your seat in heaven. You can't behave your way in heaven. Your way to heaven rather. You You can't work your way to heaven. You can't buy You can't buy your way to heaven. There's nothing you can do because Jesus paid it all. He did it all and he gave you faith as a beth throttle gift. He gave you faith as a gift. And now he asks you to believe on him, to trust him, to love him, to let him, to have faith enough to override your fear and run to him. that exchanges for everybody, all of us. And it's available tonight to whoever will. It's so simple. But we have to let go of pride and let go of trying. Because, you know, I've tried for 30 years. I can't believe it's it's that simple. We have to let go of pride and let go of of trying. It's available now. But we have to override our fear and run to him. It's not a one-time thing. The mercies are new every morning. That divine exchange is available, you know, because that relationship is restored. You know, Queen Esther, she was queen. She's been queen for a while, but her mind wasn't renewed yet. She was in the castle, but the king hadn't called her for 30 days. And her pastor told her, you know, are you people is about to die. You need to go to the king. You remember the story? And she said, "No, I can't because if I go uh when I'm not called, I might die." She she did find favor. She was married to the king. She was the queen, but she didn't know yet. She didn't know what it meant. She thought the throne was still a throne of judgment. She thought if she'd come to the throne, she could be killed. But when she finally got there, when the king saw her, he said, "Whatever you want, if it is half of your kingdom, I give it to you. Write the letters yourself and seal it. The king didn't save the people. The queen did." Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus died to restore a relationship. You can come boldly to the throne knowing you found favor. You are Mrs. Jesus Christ. He didn't just die. He didn't just take your sins. He rose again. And he's here tonight ready to start a relationship with whoever will outside of religious walls in the secret place in your hearts. I have not come to Calgary to discourage you. I have not come to Calgary to tell you to tear your house down. You know that justification by faith, it's the foundation of the house. It is faith lays at the very foundation. Justification by faith, the very foundation of my Christian building. Yet, I'm afraid most Christians, they built houses, two stories, threecar garage on sand. You sit in a church and there's there's someone in church, you know, he's been there 25 years and he knows every Bible verse by heart and every message. He knows the page and the paragraph. He knows everything. He looks so strong in the faith. He's like a pillar in the church. And all of a sudden, a little wind blows and he's gone. And you wonder what happened? What happened? He had that great big house built like it was the biggest house on the block. How did that house fall? It had no foundation. Justification by faith is the foundation of our Christian lives. Knowing we found favor, but I haven't come to tell you to tear your house down. Maybe someone here tonight's been a Christian 20, 30, 40 years and it's got a big and beautiful house. You don't have to tear it down, but you need the right foundation. or it will fall. And so I pray tonight someone will find the humility to go to the basement of the house and inspect the foundation. Inspect to see if it's made out of concrete or sand. And if you find sand instead of concrete, find courage to lift the house. Lift the house and pour concrete under it. Put your house on a brand new foundation tonight, church. Or it will fall. If you need to raise the house, do it, my brother. Don't be prideful. Be humble. Pour some concrete. Get out of that religion. Experience that divine exchange. It will change your heart. It will. Amen. It will change your heart. We all need a new heart. Amen. Let's inspect our Christian experience tonight as we bow our heads for prayer. Jesus, these few words I preached, they don't do justice to your word. They don't do justice to your sacrifice. They can't express properly the work of justification by faith, the restored relationship, the provision for the Christian, for the soul that believes, the gifts, the faith you give us. But I pray that these feeble words have reached to the heart of someone tonight. I pray someone realizes that the relationship is already restored. I pray someone realize they've already found favor. They don't have to do anything to find favor. The work is complete. May your Holy Spirit take these words and plant them in our hearts tonight that we may meditate on them. Inspect our houses, the foundations, and come out of this service a different people. May someone receive that divine exchange tonight. May someone that is anxious tonight receive peace. May someone that is discouraged receive joy. May someone that is sick be healed. Lord, make it happen tonight to any heart that believes. Hallelujah. I pray you be with that church and give them a new burden to serve. Not to gain anything or to find favor, but has the queen. Lord, empower them to rule the kingdom, to serve, to work, [Music] testify, to shine their lights. May someone realize the power he has as Mrs. Jesus Christ tonight. It's my prayer in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I don't understand how anybody would keep trying to make it on their own after tonight when the way has been made, the price is paid, and it's available freely. You know, Romans 10 says, "For with the heart one believes unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." Believe and confess. Stop hiding in the woods like Adam. Stop manufacturing your covering. I can't help but wonder what what would have happened if Adam had run to God instead of hiding. What if Adam run to God and say, "I messed up. I'm sorry, but you can do it tonight because a way has been made out of religion and back into a relationship with God. And so come as you are tonight, naked and ashamed, and let divine exchange take place." You know, God says in the Bible, "Fear not, for I am with you always." But I I wonder why most Christians have it upside down. It sounds more like, "I wish I was with you always, but I fear." But you don't have to. He kept saying, "Fear not. Fear not. Fear not. I'm with you. I'm with you." But all the while Christians are there far from God trying to reach him but afraid of coming to the throne. This can change tonight. You can come boldly to the throne because it's not a throne of judgment. It's a throne of mercy for the queen. Amen. Amen. So, I had on my heart to sing a a little special a song called Divine Exchange tonight as uh we end the service. And uh if you know it, you can sing along or you know, you can just pray and search your hearts. I pray it is a blessing for you. Is it working? [Music] Can you hear it on the cross? On my pain and the guilt and the shame. Jesus bore [Music] the suffering to the grave to make me free. All the blood that was shed in now flows to cover sin. It washes clean and purifies in its heat and crimson time. Jesus he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine now. I will live by faith for the one who saves. He gave all to give me mine. His spirit is present help. I'd be lost all by myself. [Music] He resurrects. He sanctifies. He's power [Music] and makes it mine. Jesus, he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine. Oh now I will live by faith for the one who saves. He gave all to give me life. Jesus. Oh Jesus. He took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine. And now I will live by faith for the one who saves. He gave all to give me life. I lay down all lesser things for great again. He is alive inside of me. I lay down all lesser things for greater name. He is alive inside of me. I lay down I lay down all lesser things forever. He is alive inside of me. Oh Jesus, he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine. Now I will live by flame. For the one who saves, he gave all who give me life. One more time. Jesus, Jesus, he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine now. How I will live by faith for the one who saves. He gave all to give me life. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. And do you know no longer slave? Do you know it? You unravel me with a meloy. [Music] You surround me with a song. [Music] Oh deliverance from what can win me. Holy my fears are no I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I [Music] you can't be bold tonight. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. Can we go up? [Music] I'm no longer slave to fear. says, "I am a child of God. I'm no longer. I am a child of God from my mother's womb." Oh, from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your name has called my name. I've been born. I've been born again to your family. Oh, your blood flows through my vein. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I know you am a child, [Music] liberated from our bondage. Maybe stand with me as we sing this. [Music] Sorry I don't know the song [Music] brother. [Music] Let's just sing the chorus. Amen. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. No longer a slave. I am a child of God. Amen. Did you hear from the Lord tonight? There has been a divine exchange and we have the opportunity to accept that or reject that. It's one or the other. It's a wonderful thought to think that there's nothing more that we can do. We just need to accept what he's already done for us. Justification by faith is the foundation truly. We had a conversation about this a while ago. what it would be like to preach about justification. And uh I said, you know, Brother Joel, that's exactly what the church age book was based on, justification by faith, the works of the church age messengers and the works of the Holy Ghost in those messengers. But I just think what a wonderful, wonderful thought tonight. There's nothing more that we can do. Let's just bow in prayer tonight. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, tonight we thank you for one more time coming by our way and just reminding us, Lord Jesus, that we don't need to pretend, Father, we don't need fig leaves in the day in which we live. You have provided us with a garment that's spotless, pure, and white, Lord Jesus. And Father, we accept it the way that you've given it to us, Lord, through this word through your vindicated prophet to the age in which we live in. Lord, we're not looking for another religion. Father, we're so thankful that you have given us the ability to have an ear to hear what your spirit has said to this church, to this age. And Father, we dress ourselves in that word tonight. Father, if we have any other thoughts or any other ideas or traditions or religions, let us cast them down tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Your word says to take every thought into captivity. And when those traditional thoughts creep in, Father, help us to take them into captivity. Father, when our our family traditions creep in and try and tell us that that's the way we ought to do things, help us to take them into captivity and to cast them down, Lord Jesus, and to allow your word to have the preeminence that it desires, that you desire, Father. Lord Jesus, we pray that you would just give us the ability to recognize we are nothing on our own. But, Father, because you have called us from our mother's womb before the foundation of the world, Lord, because you chose us first, that's why we love you. Father, we just pray that tonight, Lord, you would go with us as we go our separate ways. We pray that you would keep your hand upon the Galant family, Lord, as they sojourn with us here in Alberta. Father, that you would just give them traveling mercies, Father. Lord Jesus, tonight we pray that you would, Father, be with Sister Mariel. Father, she has a request tonight that you would be her strength, Father, as she goes to work at the at the Drum Heler institution. Father, with people that probably have never heard of you, and if they have heard of you, you're probably like a fairy tale to them. Lord, help her, Lord, to be able to go and bear witness that there is more than just a fairy tale. There is truly a divine exchange and it's taken place and father we're still here and that means that there's still more opportunities for the divine exchanges to happen. Give her strength, Father, and encouragement. We pray. Father, we just ask that you would be with Sister Kindness as well, Father, as she travels. That you would give her traveling mercies, Lord, that you would bring her back home again safely at the appointed time. Thank you, Father, for taking Sister Rebecca home to Nigeria, Lord, to be wed with her husband. Father, Lord, we're so thankful for your traveling mercies, for your many provisions that you make for us all along our ways. Now, Lord, as we go home, as we go our separate ways, we pray that you would just continue reminding us, Lord Jesus, that we are in the midst of a divine exchange. It's not something that just took place one time in our life when we stumbled into the mission on the corner when our parents told us about you, Father. It is a continual renewing. Oh, Father. It's a continual realization. It's a relationship. It's not a hierarchy. It's not a lordship, Father, where you want us to be like your minions. You treat us as your bride with kindness and love and encouragement. Father, we're so thankful that you are a gentleman, Lord. Help us Lord to be kind gentlemen as well. Help us Lord to be loving wives. Lord help us to be children with respect to our parents. Lord, Father, help us to realize this divine exchange is continual until the day you take us home. We love you tonight, Father. We just commit each word that's been spoken into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. Just a chorus tonight. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven. He has He has for me. All my sins have been washed from his by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has he create in me a clean heart as we dismiss tonight. Create in me a clean heart. Renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God and renew a right spirit within me. This is one guy that knew about the divine exchange. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a rising spirit within me. Glory from thy presence. Oh Lord, take not thy holy spirit from me. restore unto me. Oh, the joy of thy salvation and renew arise spirit within me. Create a clean heart, Lord. Only you can do it. Created in me, oh God, and renew my right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a and you might God bless you Bless me. to join [Music] me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] There you go. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Data. [Music] Doo. Wonder. [Music]
