################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 2025-04-27 Bro. Barry  - The Masterpiece - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    2025-04-27 Bro. Barry  - The Masterpiece
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcUTxrbOHus
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
Sunday , April 27th, 2025

OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord this Sunday morning. Welcome each one of you. Good to see you, brother Sam. Each one of you. Just always good to be with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. Stand with me if you would as we start our service this morning. As a request to the Lord, Lord, may my land be over full, overflowing. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp I pray. Oh, give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break of day. Oh yes, sing. Oh, stand I sing. Hosanana sing to the king of kings. Oh [Music] sing to the king singan I sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings singan Sing host sing to the king. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. Oh Lord, so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Oh, so glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. Oh, so glad you found me. Oh, and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, his royal blood, it now flows in my veins. And I who was wreted and born out can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the king of the seven. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh, I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. is wrong. It now grows in my ve and I who was wretched and good now. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so grateful in this late hour, Lord, that you allow us to gather together. Confident in the knowledge that we are a child of the King, Lord Jesus. Confident, Lord, that you wanted a bride and your bride is here now, Lord Jesus, with the full revealed word of the hour, Lord Jesus. and we're here just waiting for the last ones to come in so we can leave here and spend eternity with you. Lord Jesus, we ask you to pour out your spirit on the meeting this morning. Lord, anoint our precious brother. Open our hearts, Lord Jesus, so that individual message that you want each and every one of us to see receive enters with zero flesh and zero resistance. Lord Jesus, prepare us, dear Lord Jesus, and make our attitude right, Lord Jesus, as we approach you today in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Just as Brother Sam came up, I've got a little bouquet for you, brother Sam. In front of the whole church, I was talking about Dwayne Far. He was flying and voice came over this intercom. This is your captain speaking, Sam Brennan. What? Sam the Sam. Anyway, he had a chance to go to the cockpit later, I believe. But the the neat thing about this story is Brother Dwayne was talking to some of the stewardists and they had such a glowing commentary about Brother Sam and who he was as a Christian. It just was evident that he had a testimony through the whole West Court organization. So, Brother Sam, may God richly bless you. You got every one of us have a have a little have a little testimony, right? wherever we are. Yes. God bless you, my brother. Haven't flown with you yet, so I'm gonna have to try and do that and orchestrate that. I'm thinking of the rapture. You sang it this or you you you prayed it this morning. We're just looking for that last elected seed to come in and then we're then we're raptured. We're we're we're we're a third twothird the way through depending on how you want to how you want to look at it. Shout Boyce Trump. We're coming through the last stretch of the journey. Let's not get weary and welloing, but let's encourage one another with these words this morning. Well, I am sinking of the rapture in our blessed hope on high when the redeemed the redeemed. Oh, our gathering in. Oh, how we'll raise that heavenly anthem in that city in the sky when the redeemed are gathering. [Music] Oh my. [Music] [Applause] And we will [Applause] sing when the redee are gathering. Oh, there will be a great procession over on those streets of gold. with the redeemed [Music] are. Oh, what music, oh singing, oh that city will be rolled. When the redee are ging. Oh, when the redee are ging. Oh my [Music] go. Oh sh and how we will sing will be our gather again. Oh saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh then the angels call will listen for they cannot join that song. Heat. Heat. [Music] like snow and sing. Oh sh and happy will sing when the redeemed are gather again. I love this last verse. Oh, then the Savior will give orders to prepare that banquet board when the redeemed are gathering in. Aren't you glad you're part of this? And we'll hear the invitation coming blessing of the Lord when the redeemer. Oh, our gather. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] And I will [Music] see. Amen. The next verse is a segue. What did the prophet say? We went past the curtain of time. The voice said, "Nothing but perfect love will enter there." And we can't do it on our own, but the Lord Jesus is faithful. Let me walk blessed Lord. Fill my way Lord with your love. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou hast gone leading straight to the land of oh giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the lord. Fill my way every day with love. Oh yes. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly. Oh, let me go all the while with my song and smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, keep me close to the side of my savior and guide and keep in darkness grow. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with [Music] that all the while with a song and with a smile I w every day with a dove. Oh yes, soon our race will be over and I'll try for no more in my whole Heat. Heat. [Music] every day [Applause] with [Music] I every Oh, let's just praise the Lord. Oh, let's just praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and [Music] praise. Oh, let's just praise the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Bless your name. I forever and praise the Lord. Maybe stand with me. Sing it again. Deacons, when you come after them. Oh, let's just praise the [Music] Lord the Lord. Let's just our hands toward him and praise the Lord. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] she the Lord. Let's just lift our hands to him and praise the Lord. [Music] God bless you saints. It is my prayer that your answer is answer this morning. Uh this coming Wednesday Thursday we have a prayer meeting. So uh for those that can make it, we will meet here for prayer meeting. Let's bow our eyes for prayer. Our dear heavenly father, once again father, when we meet like this, we don't take it for granted. Lord, your grace has brought us all together. Your grace kept us the whole week, Lord. And here we are this morning once again. Father, bringing our sacrifices to you this morning, Lord. I believe each and everyone coming here is coming with our own sacrifice. You are already here. What are we going to do with you? Right. What are we going to do with this Jesus this morning, Father? Yes. May you help us this morning as we assemble here, Lord. May you come down, Lord. You know the needs of your people, Lord. Yes, Lord. May you touch each and everyone, Lord. Father, if there's someone here this morning, Lord, that is going through an experience that is not public. Father, we don't want to know. We don't want to know but you know every experience in this century Lord and it is our prayer that Lord you meet that need and when you meet it Lord then they will come back and give you thanks. Father we love you. We thank you that there's another opportunity for us to speak to you this morning. Another opportunity for us to clap our hands. Yes. Tomorrow might not be there for us. This is the time for us to worship you. Father, this morning once again, we want to ask you to continue to help brother Paul leading songs here. Lord Jesus, the inspired songs that he has prepared to bring it. Lord, may we receive it as well as the pastor labored all night to bring your word, to bring your mind. Help us to receive the word that is about to come. When all said and done, we shall be careful to give you thanks. Now, Father, we bring in our tithes and offering. We ask you to receive it and bless it for in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Just the uh first verse of that in the chorus. What a friend we have in [Music] Jesus. Oh, our sins and griefs to bear. Oh, what a privilege to carry. Oh yes. [Music] Everything to God in pray. Oh what peace we [Music] offer. Oh, what needless pain we bear. Oh, it is all because we do not care. Oh, everything to God in prayer. We'll sing the last verse as you're seated. shared with you. Oh, are we weak and [Music] heavy? Oh, come with a load of care. Oh yes. Preious Savior still our [Music] resu and do thy friends despise forsake thee. Oh, just take it to the Lord in [Music] prayer and in his arms and shield. [Music] check. Check. Check. Bless you. This is impromptu this morning, but I believe it to be a blessing. Brother Paul was asking if there was a special, and I thought Well, I have a reason to praise the Lord. So, I will bring this any way it sounds. It's going to be a blessing. I'll praise in the valley. Praise on the mountain. I'll praise when I'm sure. Praise when I'm doubting. I'll praise when outnumbered. I praise when [Music] surrounded. God's praise is the waters my enemy drowns in. As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I got to praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it. Praise when I don't. I praise God cuz I know you're still in control. My praise is the weapon. It's more than a sound. More than a sound. My praise is the shout that brings cherry call down. Oh, as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul, I got to praise you, Lord. Oh my soul, I wouldn't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I've got to pray, Lord. Oh my soul. Our praise cause you're so sorry. Praise cause you rain. Praise cause you rose. and defeated the grace. Our praise cause you're faithful. Praise cause you're true. Praise God cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I've got [Music] [Applause] them. I've got [Music] [Applause] them. I won't be quiet. No, I wouldn't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it? I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I've got to praise the Lord, oh my soul. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah, you want to start doing some laps around, don't you? Not enough room in here, as they would say, to accept my praise. But thank you, my brother, for encouraging us with that song and thinking of David, how he cast away spirits from Saul with song. That was an encouraging song. would encourage, he would uplift. Brother Faren did that this morning. To me, I know he did it for all of you through the through the gift God gave him. He gave praise to the Lord this morning. Stand with me would just finish with this song as our pastor would come. Let's start with the chorus. Just prayerfully sing it to him. Brother Peter prayed a piece of this song that came to me this this morning and it was brother Random's comment. May the presence of Christ not go unre or may it not go unrecognized. May we recognize the presence of the Lord. I believe it's a sermon title, but Peter kind of prayed that together. May we not miss the presence of the Lord this morning. He's here. He's absolutely here. No question about that. Now, the question is, what will we do with this Jesus called Christ? Amen. Savior, Savior, would you hear my humble cry? Come to my seat this morning. [Music] Saveior. Oh my [Music] savior. Oh, hear my humble cry. Oh Lord why all the sound are calling. Oh Lord you not pass me. But let's sing that chorus one more time. Ac capello just worship to the Lord. Oh saveior. Oh my savior. Oh here my humble cry. [Music] Oh, all our holy, oh Lord, do not pass me by. Bow the spring of all my comfort. All together now. Oh, that the spring of all my love. Aren't you happy you feel this way about your feet? For you're more than I to have I beside [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] together. Oh my [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Is that your prayer this morning? God richly bless you today. He is more than able and willing and he's here. If you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. We just want to bring a praise report this morning from brother Don Snow. He said seven to eight months ago at a prayer meeting. Brothers and sisters, there's power in prayer. And you know, many times we'll have people say, "Well, I've got secret prayer in my closet." And we have to have that. But we also have to have prayer meetings. At a prayer meeting seven to eight months ago, Brother Don Snow, he brought forth a prayer request, a petition for the Lord's guidance and hand in a work situation. And you know, he said, "The Lord has steadily brought this prayer to pass." [Applause] Amen. Now, I don't know what it means, but he goes on to say that all my heart's desire has been fulfilled. Hallelujah. And we know that means praise our God. God bless you, brother Don. We just uh want to remember the carpenter's nephew. Welcome to the carpenters who are visiting. God bless you. And uh just a couple of unspoken requests. If you have a need this morning, maybe just defy gravity and make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're so thankful that we can gather together in your name because we know your word declares that you're there. Father, we have way more than the requirements according to your word. And Father, we're just so thankful that we can take you at your word. Oh Lord, we don't need to have some the theological understanding of it, Lord, but we take it by revelation. And Father, we know revelation only comes by your spirit, Father. And there's no way that we can take you and cut you into three persons, three distinct persons. It doesn't even make sense according to English. And Father, we just take you the way that you have presented yourself to us in this age. We take the revelation that you've given us by your spirit and we thank you, Father, for the position that you've placed us in. We know that it's only by your grace that we're saved through faith. And Lord, we just want to just give you praise, Lord. We thank you for the song special this morning. Lord, we can't even give you enough praise, Lord. How could we ever give you enough praise, Lord? We have so much to thank you for, Lord Jesus. Father, we just thank you for each and every life represented here today, Lord. For traveling mercies to make it here, Lord. Amen. Father, we pray that you would just bless each need that was made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand. Father, maybe some hearts, Lord, that have needs that are heavy that just didn't raise their hand. Lord, you know our hearts, Father. There is nothing hidden from you today. Our thoughts in our hearts are louder in heaven than our words are here today than our thoughts are. Father, even in our own hearts, Lord Jesus, we pray that you would sovereignly meet the needs in each and every one of our lives today. Amen. Father, we pray that you would be with the carpenter's nephew. Lord, we thank you for touching the unspoken request. Lord, Father, we're so thankful that we have a place of refuge, that we have a strong tower that we can run into, Father. Lord Jesus, that your spirit raises a standard when the enemy comes in like a flood, like he has in 2025 in every area of this world. Father, we're so thankful for this place of refuge. Amen. We just ask now, Lord, that you would be glorified. That's all with all that's said and done. Lord, as we go forwards in this service this morning, let it be all glorifying unto you, Father. Let it be edifying unto your body, Lord Jesus. Help us to recognize our position in you, Father. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, musicians. I just was looking at the musicians this morning and was just so thankful. There's not one empty seat on the stage here and uh I don't know if we could fit another musician on the stage. What a tremendous offering it is unto the Lord. Amen. What a tremendous offering it is unto the body to to give of a gift so that we could actually have an atmosphere set as we already heard. Let's give them a round of applause. Thank you. Musicians to think about what they do. Brothers and sisters, the musicians, they battle to play in their position. The song leader battles to sing songs. The preacher battles to find the mind of the Lord to preach. All of them desiring to find the mind of the Lord so that we can be blessed. So that we can have an atmosphere where the Holy Spirit is free to move from heart to heart. What a tremendous blessing it is. I just was thinking we're we're running at full capacity here in terms of being able to offer worship unto the Lord, aren't we? And then to go another step further to think that some can go away, we can be away and others can just step right in. God bless you, brother Aiden and Sister Michelle for putting your shoulder to the wheel. You know, there's a reason why we worship and why we're even talking like this. And I'm sure we're preaching to the choir. Amen. But for those people, maybe our our pure minds just need to be stirred up by way of remembrance. We come out of this world. We're not of this world. We come out of this world, living in this world. And we've got things in our lives that we've got to push aside. We've got to try and get out of the way so that we can actually find the mind of the Lord ourselves when we come to service. That's why the prophet said, "Come to church half an hour early." Not so that you can be a legalistic individual and say, "I was there exactly 30 minutes before the service was supposed to start. It's so that you can actually concentrate on the Lord. So that we can meditate on the Lord and get those evil spirits that are trying to get us down out of the way." And I just so appreciated what I heard in the song special playing the guitar with the heart. Some would say with the hand. That was with a heart. singing a song special. We got a reason to rejoice, to praise the Lord. I mean, how many people here don't have a reason to give him glory? But you know what? David cast out evil spirits with the stringed instruments. And some people might be saying, "Brother Barry, we're churchgoing people. We come to church. We're not evil." You know what? One word off is evil. It's either good or it's evil. Sometimes we just need to actually, what do you call it in in in natural terms? Exfoliate. We just need to scrape off all that dead scar tissue and get it out of the way so we can get down to the the the meat of the situation. I just feel encouraged to be here today. God bless you. If you have your Bibles, turn with me to Isaiah chapter 53. I'm going to preach a little bit on the resurrection today myself. I hope it's okay. It's still the resurrection season until the rapture happens. It's the resurrection season and that's the way it is. It's so beautiful. But we're just coming out of uh Easter Sunday and Palm Sunday and the whole resurrection celebrations. Isaiah chapter 53. Today I'll be preaching on the service the masterpiece in 1964. Isaiah chapter 53. Who hath believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of dry ground. Amen. He hath no form, nor calmliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. If we are trying to be in the image of the Lord Jesus Christ, brothers and sisters, ought we to have an image after reading this scripture here. Verse three, he is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, and we hid as it were our faces from him. Amen. We know that all of his disciples scrambled to get away. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Amen. Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, and he was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. Amen. And sister Mary Janette and with his stripes you are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. Amen. He was oppressed and he was afflicted yet he opened not his mouth. And you know he could have just said now 12,000 legions of angels. Destroy them all. But he didn't. That's right. He could have. My He was oppressed and he was afflicted yet he opened not his mouth. He is brought as a lamb to the slaughter and as a sheep before his shears is dumb. So he opened not his mouth God in the flesh. He was taken from prison and from judgment. And who shall declare his generation? For he was cut off out of the land of the living. For the transgression of my people was he stricken. We can look at this and say, "For my transgression, yes, was he stricken and he made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death because he hath done no violence. Neither was there any deceit in his mouth. Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him." Amen. He hath put him to grief. When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed. He shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many, for he shall bear their iniquities. Amen. Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong, because he hath poured out his soul unto death. And he was numbered with the transgressors, and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that you and you alone made and make intercession for us transgressors. Heavenly Father, reading this scripture today, understanding that you saw fit for your son to be bruised for my sin, Lord, for my chastisement. Oh father, for our iniquities, Lord Jesus, stripes for our healing. Help us, Lord Jesus, to receive the full benefit of everything that was mentioned here, Lord. Oh, Father, and to have a consciousness in our lives of what you went through for our sakes. Yes. Amen. Lord Jesus, we love you and we thank you. We just commit this scripture reading into your hands now. We pray that you would break it open by revelation to us once again. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. Certainly. Oh my. Glad to be back. Just like to welcome our visitors. Yes. Sister Chantel, Brother John, and Brother Patrick. I don't know if you've been here before, but we certainly want to welcome you here and trust you feel right at home. I'd like to also welcome Sister Neve. I haven't seen her since she arrived. And uh I would like to personally congratulate you on your engagement, sister. God bless you. Amen. And last but not least in terms of the welcomes, certainly not least, we'd like I would like to welcome brother Jeriel Odenovo. Amen. God bless you, brother. I don't even know if he's here today. He's at home with mama. God bless you, sister, if you're watching. And uh we're certainly excited to meet brother Jerio. Certainly a blessing to see the deliverance of a child and uh just to see the little life there. You know, it's so significant to a Christian I believe and the Christian walk because we know the children came after Jesus when he was here and the disciples tried sheing them away and Jesus said, "No, you got it wrong, man. These these children are supposed to come unto me. Suffer the little children to come unto me. In fact, I if you're not willing to come earnestly as a little child unto me, you won't even see the kingdom of heaven. It's pretty significant for children. Anyways, um just bring you greetings from uh the Grenal Church in uh Grenal, Saskatchewan and Saskatoon Tabernacle uh just north of Saskatoon. We uh took one service at the Saskatoon Tabernacle and I was able to just sit and participate in the service at the Grenal Church for Sunday service. Easter Sunday was wonderful. Brother Jonas Hilderbrandt, he took the service. His parents were away for the weekend. So it was uh just a wonderful time of fellowship. Really sad to see a soldier go. We had to lay to rest Brother Pete Clawson, Brother Paul's dad, and I'm sure everyone is well acquainted with why we went. That was the purpose of our journey. And we just thought we would visit a few other people while we were there. And uh yeah, so it's certainly good to be back. I just want to thank everyone for your help and keeping things going in ourstead. the musicians, the song leaders, um the brothers, brother Emanuel and brother Mvin, the uh ministry, you know, witnessing the resurrection, justified by the resurrection. And today we're going to talk about the masterpiece of the resurrection. It's a wonderful thing to uh to just go away and know that everything is going to be looked after. And in fact, to have even have encouragement to to go away and just know that everything is going to be okay instead of worrying and and maybe fussing that things maybe aren't going to be okay. It really means a lot. So, thank you very much each and everyone. Today I want to talk as I mentioned about the masterpiece preached in 1964 and uh brother Batam he talks about how he went to Forest Lawn Cemetery in California and while he was there he went and paid respects. I find this very interesting and and maybe some watched I don't know I preached on Wednesday night about the masterpiece and I'm going to do that today as well. I just got so many inspiration nuggets out of it. I I had to just follow the leadership here. And if you haven't, um maybe if you listen to the message, you'll understand maybe some of the inspiration. But you know, it's in 1964 and Brother Bradom is, you know, basically in the twilight days of his ministry, of his life. He he basically lived uh probably for another year after he preached this message and not much longer. and uh you know maybe not even he didn't uh I don't know what the time frame is but he didn't have very much time left on earth when he preached this message but at the end of his ministry some people would say you know there's such a thing as progressive revelation and brother Bham preached something when he was younger and then he changed it when he got older and I'm not going down that road with this what I am saying is that near the end of his ministry he went and he said that he respected the woman preacher of Amy Simple McFersonson He respected what she did for the gospel. Now, here you have a dispensational prophet, saying that he went to pay respects to her at her grave in Forest Lawn Cemetery in California. Pretty amazing. He he said, you know, she uh she did a lot for the gospel, for the kingdom. So, I just think, you know, when we hear things like that, it probably ought to behoove us as believers to not worry about getting too legalistic about things, just to simply have grace for people and to trust that it's God's economy. And he knows how he wants to spend his money. He knows where he wants it spent. He knows who is a silver dollar and he knows who is a half penny. That's right. It's his economy. It's not up to us to determine that. I think it's so wonderful to hear things like that, you know. But he goes on to talk about how really the main purpose for him to go to this cemetery was to look at the statue of Moses. And uh do you have that that picture, brother? Did it come in an email? I tried to send it this morning. I hope it went through. Yes, sir. If you could bring that up on the screen. You got it there. For the people that don't know, um, the story goes that Michelangelo, he was the great sculptor and and artist. He's renowned for his frescos that he did for the popes in in Rome. And uh, if you hear some of the stories, if you've ever gone to the Vatican and had a tour, they explain how that Michelangelo was actually conscripted. When the church and state were one, the pope was able to basically make Michelangelo prisoner and force him to actually express the gift that God put in his life. And if you see the paintings in in the cyine chapel, it is unreal. But he has many different sculptures, many different things that he did as an artist. And with this particular story, it's said that it's a legend. And I don't know if anybody really knows for sure. That's the official Wikipedia thing. I love to go with what the the prophet said. And the prophet declares that it's not just a a fable. He said that Michelangelo, he had a vision in his heart. He had an understanding somehow. Some sort of a revelation took place in his life and and he was given a a a chunk of marble, a chunk of stone. You can imagine a big rock. And somehow with a hammer and a chisel, he was able to take and express that image that was inside of him, in his heart, in his mind. I would even go so far as to say even in his soul. Because if you look at the details of this picture, I I I you might not be able to appreciate it here, but if you maybe look it up on your computer, you can zoom in to different parts of the statue and see it. Brother Ben Brandham talks about the hair and the eyes and and the features, the muscles, the the knee, the the clothing, everything in this in this sculpture. It came from a solid piece of rock that that this man chiseled out with a hammer and a chisel, chisel by chisel. He wasn't using electric impact guns and uh a 3D laser rendering model laid out on the stone and he had to just, you know, draw what do you call it? Paint by number. It was none of that chisel by number. This was just an expression from inside of his heart and that's why he is a master. That's why it's considered to be what would what would be a masterpiece according to the world. Amen. But I love how the prophet, he takes this story and he goes further with it. And I'm going to do just like I did in Saskatoon. I'm going to jump to the punchline because we're going to it's just the way I preach. He talks about how there came a time when he was chiseling this sculpture, chiseling this statue. There came a time where he recognized that's it. I see the exact image that I had in my heart. And it's right there before me. And it became so real to him. Brother Bradom says it was so so real, so amazing to him. It looked like he could talk. And and he said under inspiration, he didn't even think. He said he didn't think about it. Hallelujah. Because who would spend how long would it take by hand to take a big huge rock and chisel out chisel by chisel by chisel to get that kind of detail and to think about how you would maybe if anybody has ever tried to do anything with rock if you would have to polish it and how you would scrub it and how you would get the smoothness and all of that maybe a little bit of water and maybe another stone another type of stone understanding the hardness of stones. How would you be able to to do all of that? With all of that labor, it must have taken months, if not years, to do by hand. And there came a point where he saw the very image that he had in his heart. And it it it struck him so intensely, he didn't take a thought that inspiration took a hold of him. And what did he do? He said, "Speak." And he struck the statue. He struck it. And it caused a chip to come out of it. caused a flaw to happen in that knee. And that's what that red circle is. I don't know if it's really visible to see. I could probably do this. I don't do it often, so I'm going to take advantage of it. Right there, there's a little line that runs right down the center of his knee. And you know, it's it's an interesting thing because brother Brandham says to his way of thinking, that flaw is what causes this to be a masterpiece. Now, you can take and run with this as we go today. I hope that we can all be together with it. That flaw that we see in our lives is what God calls the masterpiece. Remember that he created each and every one of us in his very image. So my job today here, I believe, is to try and encourage us not to look at the flaws in our life and think, why do I got this flaw? I just have this problem and I just can't seem to get over it. That's the devil speaking. What I want to do is try and encourage us to say, you know what, God knew exactly how I was going to be. He knew exactly where I was coming from. He knew exactly the things that I would have to go through in my life. And he knows exactly what I consider this flaw to be. But through that flaw, he sees me as a masterpiece. And brothers and sisters, I guarantee you that's the way he sees you. Because he doesn't see us the way we are today. He doesn't see us born in sin, shaped in iniquity. come to the world speaking lies. The dispensational prophet said he only hears your voice. He sees us the way he created us before the foundation of the world. And I can't help but think sometimes we can get in our lives that everything can be just going smooth sailing. Everything is in order. We've got all of our investments over here are in perfect order and our family over here in perfect order and our church back here is in perfect order and everything in our life is in perfect order and we just worship and and we go to church and everything is fine. Just expect brothers and sisters when God starts to see his image in your life, he's going to strike the image and say, "There it is." And when it happens, it's not judgment because we're bad. It's because he's seeing his image. Remember, he's looking for one thing. He's looking for his character. He doesn't care whether we got a wart, even though he does. He does care about little things, but he's not interested in this flesh. This flesh has to perish. It's our soul that he wants. And he has. And he's already got a body waiting that's perfect for that soul. Remember, we bypassed our theophony bodies and we came to this world speaking lies, born in sin, shaped in iniquity. But you know what? What does this say here? This this word says that he actually looked after all of our iniquities, didn't he? And he looked after all of our sin, didn't he? And he looked after all of our healing, didn't he? He did all those things for us. He bore our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And by his stripes, we're healed. Amen. I think it's beautiful. What a tremendous scripture that is. We know that there's always a prophecy and then there's a fulfillment. This was a prophecy from before the foundation of the world. We know that lamb was slain. This lamb that we read about here was slain before the foundation of the world. It says it in the scripture. But what we have here is when it was slain before the foundation of the world, there had to be an earthly manifestation of it. And through that earthly manifestation, there first had to be a prophetic utterance for that to happen because that's the way God does stuff. And and it's no different for us today as the bride of Jesus Christ. There was a prophetic utterance in our day. But here we have Isaiah the prophet talking about this lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world. And everybody probably read this and thought, "What is this? This is strange. This is odd. Who hath borne our repo reproach? Who who who hath taken stripes for our healing?" The people in his day, the scholars in his day, they didn't understand that. But that was prophecy. And it had to first be prophesied. It comes first to the prophets according to Amos 3:7. Surely God will do nothing except he first reveals his secret through the prophets. Why would he be any different today, brothers and sisters? There's some sort of modern ideological thinking that would say there's no room for prophetic utterance today. But when it's according to the scripture, it has to be. Amen. Amen. We mustn't get too far down that road. I apologize. We all believe God sent a prophet, I'm sure. And if you don't, just read Malachi. Just read the book of Malachi, especially at the end. There's a part in there about a prophet. And you know, if he didn't come, then when is he coming? And what will he look like when he does come? I think it's a real interesting discussion. But you know, brother Brandham, he went to see this Moses statue because he was intrigued with the understanding that this man, Michelangelo, had an inspiration in his heart. And brother Brandham talks about the inspiration and how Michelangelo was able to just express through the inspiration. And like I said, like I mentioned, if you ever get the opportunity to go to Rome and and see, and if you've been there and seen it, you understand what I'm talking about. The inspiration is astounding to think that people could just do this just just carve and paint and and do all this stuff. And you know, it was interesting how Moses, Brother Brandham, he says, nobody ever saw Moses in the day that Michelangelo was alive. Nobody understood what Moses looked like. But yet, this man, Michelangelo, had an inspiration. And when he finally recognized the image in the statue was what his desire was, he got that inspiration and he struck the statue and yelled, "Speak." Um, I just think it's it's thrilling to look at that and and to recognize that that image was the very manifestation of what was in his heart. And every single one of us created in God's very image is truly a manifestation of what God had in his heart. And and maybe not had in his heart, maybe before the foundation of the world, but has present tense in his heart about our lives. But nobody understood what Moses looked like in the day that that image was created. And I can't help but think, you know, none of us, you know, brother Brandham, he says it, none of us know the real you and the real me. I I can't see the real you. And you can't see the real me. You see this pest house, this body with a flaw in it. And maybe you would say, "I don't need to to see your body, Brother Barry. I can just hear your voice." And I can see the flaw just by hearing your voice. And I'm real sorry about that. But that's the way our lives are. We're created the way that God created us so that we could be the expression of what was in his mind before there was even a speck of stardust in this universe. Amen. The flaw is in the imperfection. Brothers and sisters, we have the maybe the chiseled bodies and everything in our life just right, but every one of us has a flaw. Yes, every single one of us has a flaw. Some of us have flaws that are just like a a semi-tra following us down the road and everyone can see it and say, "Look at those flaws. Oh my goodness, that guy or that girl, that sister, that brother, you know, and other ones, they've got silent flaws, right? Where everything is under the surface and everything looks perfect in their life and you can't see it. They suffer in silence." Every one of us has a flaw, though. To think we don't have a flaw, that's the flaw. Right. It's pride. That's pride. The flaw is in the imperfection in our lives. And you know, brothers and sisters, I think it's so important to just just do this. So, I'm going to just hover here for a little bit, and I hope it's okay. Don't get nervous, but I want to say it this way. Sometimes the flaw is manifested in music. Sometimes we have everything thought out exactly the way we want it to be and somebody messes up on an instrument. or in a choir. Maybe the choir was supposed to sing today and somehow the communication didn't happen and somebody didn't know about it and everybody just scrambles and it's this thing where we just don't know what's going on and everybody's confused but we just roll with it and then they sing. What happens through that flaw, the seeming flaw, we have a tremendous choir song that just gives glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Sometimes somebody misses a beat. Somebody misses a key. Sometimes the song leader's a little too fast, a little too slow. Sometimes there's something that's just seemingly off and we might call it a flaw. I want to say it's the masterpiece. It's what God is doing in our midst. We cannot be too fussed about having everything perfect. If we do that, we're going to get in the way of the spirit of the Lord. And you know, I'm saying sometimes it's in the music. And I'll say it this way. Most times it's in the preaching. Yes, sir. I'm not afraid to say it. We try and find the mind of the Lord and we put together notes and we study, we listen, we do all this stuff. And you come to the pulpit and sometimes you're just so nervous you don't even know what to say. You've got it all in front of you. Right? Many times you go out get a little bit of inspiration and you start to talk and you say things and afterwards you're like, "Why did I say that? Why didn't I say the other thing? I had it written right there. Why? It's the Lord. What we consider to be the flaw is the masterpiece." You know, brothers and sisters, I just want to really dwell on this for a little bit. Sometimes it's in our marriage. Brother Brandham talks about marriage. She talks about the masterpiece family in this message and he says it over and over again and how the husband and the wife, they need to become one. They need to be in accord, one accord. And if they're not in one accord, there's something wrong with that marriage. And I can guarantee you all it is is that the husband needs to submit himself unto the Lord all the way. Amen. and allow God to move on the scene. I just so appreciated what brother Emanuel said and I wonder if if everybody caught it. I'm going to try and say it my own way. Last Sunday he said it. Sisters, pray for your husbands. Amen. Sisters, pray for your fathers. Daughters, pray for your fathers. Pray for them. Because when they succeed, you succeed. When they fail, you fail. Amen. But when we have problems in our life, let's not dwell on the problems. Let's not look at our husband and say, "He's got this temper. He's got this thing. He's always doing that. He's always doing the other. I just wish. I just wish." What about saying that's who he is? You know, I I know someone in my life, they've spent their entire life desiring that every single person they have a close relationship with them, be it a spouse or a family member or even a close friend, every single person they meet, they desire that they would be different, that they would just be a little bit different. If they would just say things a little bit differently, if they would just walk a little differently, if they would dress a little differently. they would just do this thing just a little bit differently, then maybe they would be better. What about just saying they are who they are and I accept them for who they are. God accepts us for who we are. If if husbands and wives could just do that, I believe it would go a long ways for becoming one, for being in unity. But you know the flaw? It's in the marriage. The perfection is in the flaw. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's the masterpiece. Because how on how in the world how is it even possible that a husband and a wife can get married in the day in which we live and stay together. The world we're set up in is designed for divorce. You don't have to look very far. You just have to drive down the highway and you can see the sign that says divorce ease. You don't even have to spend very much money. They're looking for discount divorces. And they're getting it. You know, I I'll say this as a tribute to our late brother Pete. When I first started coming around, and I hope it's okay. I I hope it's okay. I don't want to upset anybody, but I'll just I can only be honest. I got to go to a 50th wedding anniversary when I first was in the family. I got married and was around for a little while in the church and I actually struggled with the idea that people could be together in this day and age for 50 years in a marriage. And I thought I was telling my wife this recently and she was kind of shocked. But I I I said I just I think something's funny there. Something's Are we getting the whole story here? How could that be? How could someone be together for 50 years? I've never heard of it. God. Not until I came around the message. I I I think it's amazing. Amen. I think we were talking to uh brother Menow. Did he say 62 years? Again, I was like, "What?" This was just last week. I believe it though. And I believe it with brother Pete and sister Anne. What a tremendous thing it is. When you put God in the marriage, there ain't no room for the devil. When you put the word of God first in your marriage, God will bless it. But when we have that thing where we say, "No, I'm perfect." No, no, no. Just submit. When we start down that road, we're not submitting to God. But when we go on our knees as a husband, as a leader, and we submit ourselves, we don't even need to show our wives that we're doing that. And I would challenge any brother who has a problem in your marriage today. I challenge you. Go into a secret prayer closet. Go to a place where nobody knows and test God. See if he won't come on the scene and honor your prayer to submit yourself before him for your marriage, for your children. See if he won't do it. It's one thing if you do it and you say, "Come on, honey. Let's pray." And you go and you do it together and it's good. You have to do that as husband and wife. That's that's not something I would say don't do. But I'm saying husbands, if you've got an issue and you just can't seem to get over it, you can't get around it. You can't get through it. You don't know what's going on, just just submit yourself unto God. Fast for a little while. Pray for a little while. See if he won't come on the scene. And you know what? You'll be able to look back in your marriage and say, "Oh my, look at that tremendous flaw that I did. I did." Amen. And what happens is it becomes a masterpiece. And I'm not saying we're perfect by any means. What I am saying is I've experienced it in my life. What I've been talking about where I'm right and she's wrong and everything else is wrong and I'm right and I'm right. As long as you're right, you're right. Right. God's just going to say, you know, you're not taking me at my word. If you would just take me at my word, that's my will. If you would just follow the word of God, follow my word, you would see a supernatural blessing that would happen in your life. Many times we're very interested in making sure that we've got the tithe topped up and the offerings happening just so that God could open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing. Don't think for a second that marriage isn't a part of that. But if we are willing to actually give them the opportunity, our marriage can become a masterpiece. And that masterpiece is going to have a flaw somewhere along the way. I've heard people say, "We've never had a fight. We've never had a disagreement. We've never had these things." And that's entirely true. I I I've come to the place where I say, you know, I I believe it. Okay? But I know we're not perfect and I know there's always trouble in one way or another. You know, talking about the masterpiece, it can be in our parenting. It can be in our parenting. And I'm not saying that, you know, we spare the rod, we spoil the child, and we're going to see our image so strongly in the child, we're going to smite them and say, "Speak." That's not what I'm saying at all. What I am saying is that we can actually decide to not use the rod because the word of God says that we ought to. That's the word of God. And when we don't do it, what happens is we actually have a bit of a flaw. And you know, sometimes we can actually be a little too strong with that rod and we can have a little bit of a flaw, right? But you know what? God can come on the scene both ways. Amen. He can come on the scene both ways and manifest the parenting flaw into a masterpiece if we're willing to put him first. Amen. It can happen in our walk as believers, brothers and sisters. We get out of step, we fall down, we make a mess, we have a problem. You know, are we willing to take correction when it comes our way? If we're not willing to take correction when it comes our way, then we are not a masterpiece. And every single son and daughter of God will be chastised according to the word of God. We know that whom he loves, he rebukes and he chasens. And that doesn't mean we It's so good. Isn't the the church age book such a wonderful study. It doesn't mean that he grabs a rod and and smites you. It doesn't mean he grabs a hammer because he sees your image and he smites you. Rebuking and chastening is simply correcting. Correcting and showing the right way. Giving the right leadership. showing that, you know, you don't want to ride your tricycle down the driveway. Even though you can get lots of speed, you're not going to be able to stop when you get to the bottom. So, I'm just going to help turn you and steer you and you can ride down the sidewalk and not go onto the street. Sometimes we need a little direction, a little correction in our lives. It can be in our our parenting. It can be in our walk as individuals, as believers. I was thinking about this and I hope, excuse me, I hope it's okay. Hey, does anybody here know who Bob Ross is? He had a famous saying, happy little mistakes. He'd be painting masterpieces and he would make a flaw and what he would do was just get a little more paint and mix it up and and he would just go and fix it and just say, you know, it's just a little happy happy little mistake and it would suddenly go from being maybe a mountain scene to being maybe just a little bit of a tree instead of a mountain or maybe a mountain instead of a tree, maybe a little bit of water, whatever it was, he was able to just manipulate it. And and don't think that God can't do that in our lives. If we're willing to put him first, he will take his permissive will, which will be that little mistake, and turn it into his very perfect will, which will turn into a masterpiece. In the life which we live in, there's many times we hear about mistakes, and I just quoted it, happy little mistakes. But we know there's no mistakes. Amen. Not for sons and daughters of God. Lord, we do error in our way, and he will always correct us. Amen. And whoever's on the inside will come out when that correction comes. When that correction comes our way, we will either have the nature of Abel or we'll have the nature of Cain. One of those two natures will be inside of us. And and Lord willing, we will all have the nature of Abel in our lives. We will not be like Cain where we will say, "I'm just going to shrug my shoulder and say, "I've heard it all before, preacher. Ain't nothing you're ever going to tell me." Well, who's talking? I'll say that when you hear a brother at the pulpit, who's talking? Because whoever you want to be talking is who will be talking. I just think it's wonderful. The prophet, he says it, you know, there's the the man that was in a meeting and he says, you know, all I after the meeting, alls I heard fellowshipping in the in the parking lot after service, all I heard him say was calling me a crow, calling me a buzzard. never said anything good about me. And the other person just standing there says, "You know what? I never heard that at all. What were you listening to? All I heard him say was that you're an eagle. And where the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered out of the masterpiece." Brother talks about the same material. He says, "Let us not forget that in the beginning when he smoked the side of Adam, he took something from his side. Now the smiting of Christ was for a cause that he might take from him one to be a family, the bride. I just love this because brother Bradam talks about the masterpiece family. That's what God's desire was. Was to actually have a family. So that he could be a father so that he could be a husband. So that he could have children and so that he could actually have a wife so that he could have a relationship and express his attributes. He might take him a bride. So when his masterpiece was perfected, then he had to smite it or take from him not another piece, not another piece, not another creation, but of the same creation. So brothers and sisters, what I want to say here, and I'm just going to take my time and and go. We got lots of time here. I'm so glad for that. Is that clocked right? I think it is. We got lots of time. It's funny though because when it gets to about 20 after then it's like a time warp. Then it's like 5 to 12. And I don't know how that happens. But it's just the Lord. But talking about this here, it's not another piece and it's not another creation. Remember, we're not talking about this flesh. We're talking about our soul. Amen. And that soul comes from God. Amen. And he has made that soul to be a literal manifestation of his life, of his attributes. So when we look at ourselves, don't look at the flaw. Realize that he looks through the flaw and sees the masterpiece. He realizes this flesh being our flaw. Causes the masterpiece to shine in heaven. We don't have to worry about saving this flesh. Don't think about saving this flesh. This flesh is going to perish in this life in which we live. What's our desire? Brother menofen taught me this years ago. What's our desire, brothers and sisters? Is our desire to serve God? Then we have not fallen. Sometimes we can say, I I've done this and I've done that and I don't think I I could ever come back. I don't see how I could ever serve God with what I've done or thought or been or said, whatever it is that's gone on in my life. If we have the desire to serve God, you have not fallen from grace. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. If you desire to serve God, you need to remember. We need to remember. I need to remember that I am not another piece of material and I am not another creation. I am a literal part of the Lord Jesus Christ. If he is the head and we are the body, hallelujah. Where do we stand brothers and sisters? Devil's going to come around and say, "Well, look at your flaw. Look at your imperfection. How could you be the masterpiece?" You are. But remember, we can't even see it ourselves because it's our soul. How many people here can see your soul? Where's your soul? Amen. Can you show me your soul? Sometimes we'll say, "I just bear my soul." How do you do that? You speak the word. Amen. You actually speak words and you express what's in your soul. We have to remember we can't see our soul. So don't base our salvation on what we see with our eyes. And especially don't base other people's salvation with what you see on their eyes. Don't do that. Don't do it. Amen. Just remember that we're not talking about another creation. Brother Brandham, he says it here. The Holy Ghost through Brother Brandom, he says it here. He had to take it and smite it to take from him. Not another piece, not another creation of the same creation. And I know some might be saying, "Well, Brother Barry, he's talking about Adam and how he made a deep sleep to fall upon him and he reached in and pulled a rib and and and made the incision. It was a perfect surgery and there was no wound. There was no scar. There was no issue. There was just this woman." And and you know, perhaps all of that is 100% correct. But what we need to remember is that if it's good for Adam to actually have that happen, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Think about our souls and the value of our soul. It's worth 10,000 worlds is what we've heard said so many times in the word. It's not another piece, not another creation. It's the same creation of God. That same one that was in the Garden of Eden in a theophony B. I know that might get some people upset. They want to debate the whole theophony body whether it was in the Garden of Eden or not. I'm not interested in that. Adam was made to live a thousand years. Amen. Adam was made to be God of this earth. How could you be God of this earth and not be an eternal being? I don't know. I don't know. But Adam was a son of God. He didn't come into the world through sin. He wasn't born in sin shaped in iniquity. Come into the world speaking lies. He was directly a son of God. He never had a naval. Amen. If he was the same creation, then we are today. The devil's going to say, "No, we're not." When you hear that, tell him it's the devil. Rebuke him and tell him to get on his way. Amen. Don't be afraid of this, brothers and sisters, to just simply say the word. This is exactly the way God wanted it or we would not have had a dispensational vindicated prophet come and say these words to this age. The masterpiece was perfected. His masterpiece was perfected. Then he had to smite it to take from him not another piece, not another creation, but of the same creation. He says, "My brother, don't think bad at this, but think a minute. If he had took from him the original creation to make the bride for him, he never made another creation. He took a part of the original creation, then if he was the word, what must the bride be? It's got to be the original word. living God in the word, not in this flesh. Don't think about this flesh. Think about what's inside of us that causes the words to come out. Because when we're busy looking at this flesh, we're just like a Pharisee. And we'll say, "Well, look at the disciples. They eat with unwashing hands and they eat unclean things. They do all these things that are just not appropriate according to the law." We're we're we're not living under the law. We're living under grace today. That's the new covenant. That's the New Testament. That's where we're at today, brothers and sisters. And and you know what? We're not talking about what goes inside of us, inside of our mouth. Even though some carbs can be really bad and help you gain weight and make you not that performancebased, but you know, sometimes the things that we eat are bad, but they're not going to change our eternal salvation. It's what comes out of our mouths. out of our mouth. We speak the abundance of our heart. You know, you don't have to talk very long with people and you can pretty much hear what's going on their life. Get together with people and the first thing they want to do is talk about sport. Other people want to talk about investments. Other people want to talk about the word. Where are we at? What's important to us? You know, Revelation 13 is unfolding right now. right now while we're here. Revelation 13 is unfolding and it's been unfolding for years, but it's actually really starting to unravel now. My my brother, don't think bad at this, but think a minute. If he took from him the original creation to make the bride for him, he never made another creation. He took a part of the original creation. Then if he was the word, what must the bride be? She is going to be a virgin to his word is what brother Brandham said. And and that means she's just not going to be interested in making excuses for it. I might not be a able to explain it. I might not be able to even understand it, but I don't need to. I just need to believe it. I just need to believe it. And if I can believe it, all things are possible. Amen. Hallelujah. If we can believe it, brothers and sisters, that is literally God in us. Amen. Hallelujah. Because unbelievers can't believe, right? The devil can do anything except for believe. The devil believes that he's going to win. He believes it. He believes that he's going to win at the battle of Armageddon. He believes that he's going to gather together all of the the people that are left on the earth and they're going to blaspheme all of the saints that are on the earth and they're going to blaspheme all of the saints that are in heaven. and they're going to blaspheme the God of heaven. A and he's going to think, he still thinks that he can actually go and win that war. He thinks that none of us are sons and daughters of God. He thought that Jesus Christ was not the atonement for all of our sins. That's why he allowed them to put Jesus on the cross. If he would have known what was going on, he never would have done that. But that was his death stroke is what brother Brandham said. That was the death stroke. That's where Paul could under inspiration strike that statue and say, "Death, where is thy sting? And grave, where is thy victory? You have no power over me because you never had me from the beginning." In 1964, it's only by the word. Brother Bam, he says, "As it taken him 4,000 years to make his this masterpiece, now he's been for nearly 2,000 years making another masterpiece." A bride for Christ. Can you imagine that? How long did Michelangelo chisel at that statue? Think about how perfect that statue is. maybe go and zoom up on it and and take a look and just see some of the features on it and how it must have inspired him so much for him to take and smite it with a hammer. This thing that he had worked on for so long and so hard, all the criticism that he must have endured to do it. Think about how perfect that statue was and how perfect the statue is. the masterpiece that God is working on right now, that bride for Jesus Christ. And isn't it beautiful? It's not brides. It's one bride. That's going to be in one mind and one accord, one spirit. Hallelujah. Not a bunch of different camps, not a bunch of different theories, not a bunch of different divisions, one bride. I think that's just a a a masterpiece to itself. Amen. It's taken him 4,000 years to make this masterpiece. Now he's been for nearly 2,000 years making another masterpiece. A bride for Christ. Another masterpiece. In doing it, he has done it by his neverchanging method. The same way he made the masterpiece, the masterpiece by his word. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Thank you. That's what we have been studying in the church age book all along. That's what we've been studying in the message all along. That's what brother Ken taught all along. That's what he preached his heart all along. It's all about the word. His word is his will. His will is his word. If we're willing to take his word and put it first in our lives, it will show. Amen. It shows. Hallelujah. We can't take this word and hide it under a bushel. We can't take his word and hide it in our hearts and live in this world and let other people run all over us. When the sinners come around and try and get us to go and do sinful things, suddenly that word's going to shine. We're going to say, "Uh-uh. No way. I ain't doing that." Well, why don't you do that? Well, because I believe the word of God, and the word of God says not to do that. Thank you. It's the masterpiece. I just love how it's one bride. He's going to take one bride, brothers and sisters. And how is he going to take one bride? Isn't it interesting that it's one word different? Now, this is fresh for anybody that knows what that means. It's no different than what's going on today. Change that B with a P and what do you get? Pride. And there's a different type of pride going on in the world, but that was the original sin, ain't it? The original sin was Lucifer. Oh, the the son of the morning star. He he he thought that he would be the one that would just project himself to sit on the throne to be over top of everyone. But he knew full well the only thing he could say is to be like the most high. He couldn't be the most high. There's no way that could happen. But all it is is one word, one letter difference, isn't it? The whole world is looking at pride in in every single way. All of the different avenues that you could possibly have pride and meanings is in this world all around us. But I want to say this, the bride, she ain't got no pride. The bride is the most humble person you'll ever meet. The bride is the most submissive person you'll ever meet. The bride is the one that's going to say, "No, no, no. You go ahead." That's where you get the the weird awkward at a at a a buffet table, the brothers saying, "No, you go. No, you go. No, you go. No, you go." Simple, isn't it? It sounds simple, but is it? Sometimes you see people just about fighting to get in line first. We've been hungry. I mean, we fasted. We didn't even have breakfast, so we got to eat, man. You know, there's no pride in the bride. Amen. We just heard that there was nothing that that was desired to be seen in Jesus, right? What is that verse? He's despised. Oh, no. It's uh verse two. For he shall grow up. This is Isaiah 53. He shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of dry ground. You ever see what happens when you take a root out of dry ground? When you pull roots out of the garden, you don't have to worry about burning them or throwing them out. When they're just a tender plant with a root, you just have to pull it out and throw it down on the ground. Just drop it. And what happens is it shrivels up, right? A root out of dry ground. He hath no form nor calmliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. This was the image that he brought to the world. I think it's so beautiful because it shows really the position of the bride. She's not vaunting herself ahead. She's not trying to create an online image, an online presence around the world so that people would see her and and and and try and be her. That's not it at all. She is trying to submit herself to what her husband wants. And we know that every wife understands what her husband wants. And I want to say this, if we don't know what our husband wants, then there's a problem in that marriage. We need to know what the others want. But here we have this masterpiece, a bride for Christ. And you know, I just can't help but think like brother Farah sang today, we've got every single reason to praise because if we can see that we are the bride, he's been working on us to have the position that we have for over 2,000 years. I would say even many more thousand years for us to be exactly where we are. To be able to hear the word that we hear, to be able to worship the way we worship. We've got every single reason to praise the Lord. My and not even care who's listening. Not even care what's around us. This bride is the one that's going to be in heaven where he heaven is just silent for a little while so that the bride can worship. so that the redeemed ones can actually give glory to God for what he's done for them. Isaiah chapter 53. Goodness. He goes on to say, "In so doing it, he does it by his neverchanging method. The same way he made the masterpiece." Thank you, Lord. Amen. Is it any accident that we are in the third pole now? living under the full manifestation of the word, the complete opening of the word, recognizing that it is the spoken word. Amen. That's his neverchanging way of doing it. But now, as we heard brother Mvin say it, you know, there's a a Revelations 10 1-7, but there's also an 8 to11. There was John the Baptist portion where he was instructed as a type of the bride to take the book and eat it up. But then you got to do something with that. It's going to come out. Amen. Just was making me think as I was listening to that that song. It's bubbling. It's bubbling. It's bubbling in my soul. I just have to get it out. It's got to come out. When we take that book and eat it up, it changes us. Amen. And you know, we're going to prophesy. Amen. Either by word or by deed, we're going to prophesy. The world around us is going to see that word in our lives. It's his neverchanging method. The same way he made the masterpiece, his word. So beautiful. That's the way he makes his masterpieces because he can only be a perfect masterpiece when it's the perfect word. Isn't that beautiful? When we accept this word into our lives and we say, "Be it unto me just like Mary according to thy word, the angel messenger brought the message to her." And she didn't challenge it. She didn't argue with it. She didn't say, "Well, the elders, you know, well, our tradition, well, you know, I just can't understand it. I can't really see it." She didn't do any of that. She said, "Be it unto me according to what? Thy word." Thy word. I just think it's beautiful. This message, the masterpiece, highly recommend listening to it. You know, there's another part to this that I think is so good and it's relevant to the day in which we live in 64. Brother Bradom talks about this in in paragraph 134, how the prophet, he talks about how God came down and draw those things. We'll we'll read this quote paragraph 134. He says, "Notice here, the life that was in the stock tassel all now ends up in the seed." We talked about this in Saskatoon and I think it's so beautiful, brothers and sisters. We need to remember that there's no without the stock and without the tassel and without the husk, there's no seed. If we're a seed today, then every single part of that plant was required for us to be where we are. Hallelujah. to say that somebody else is just chaff. They're just a husk. They're just a a stock. That same exact life that caused that seed to crack and rot and come to life and then grow the stock and grow the leaves and to grow the tassel and to grow the husk that the seed is in where the that dries out and becomes chaff when that seed actually is released. That whole entire plant lived off the exact same life. And brother Bradom talks about it very clearly in the church in the in this message here about the church ages and talking about the stock. The seed, the stock, the tassel and the husk or the chap and then the seed again. It goes back to the seed again. That original life. That's why that song is so good. It's the original life. It's the original seed. It's the original word. That's what we believe. Amen. Amen. But he says, notice here, the life that was in the stock tassel all now ends up in the seed. The life that come out of the original seed come up through different processes. Three different processes and then turns back to its original condition. Hallelujah. Oh my. I'm the happiest person in the world that God has let me see this. Amen. Is that where we are today, brothers and sisters? I'm not trying to do a pep rally, but I am trying to to maybe highlight the importance of what we're seeing here. The importance to see if we are truly the seed, the elect of God, then we truly are a masterpiece in his eyes. And how beautiful it could be if we could look at one another and see each other as a masterpiece. The only way we're going to do that is to recognize that when we have the flaw in our life, that's because God chose that. Don't think that God doesn't know about our flaws. Don't think he doesn't know about our gimps. Don't think he doesn't know about our shortcomings and and our silent struggles and our on display struggles. All of our family struggles, all of our situations, everything is naked before God. He knows all about it. He knew that we would be here and he knew that is what we will overcome in the lives that we live because that's how we get to sit with him in his throne. It's not overcoming this world and saying I don't go out and drink and smoke and corouse. It's overcoming this guy. We were talking about it on on Sunday after service and just many of the days that we were there about how the resurrection that happened, it was the most beautiful thing. That resurrection is on display today. But it wouldn't have happened unless he laid down his will first in the garden of e uh the garden of Gethsemane where he laid down his will. When he laid down his will, the first drops of blood struck the ground. I remember brother Ken preaching that. Never forget it the way he brought it. That's where the victory was won, brothers and sisters. Where he laid down his life. He laid down his will. We could say that he laid down his life. He never died in the garden, did he? No. No. But his will did. Yes. And when we're willing, when we're willing to lay down our will, that's when the victory comes. Amen. And that doesn't come any other way than by submitting unto the Lord. And what better way than on our knees. And remember the story Jesus, he he went with his disciples further and further into the garden. And he told them to just sit here and pray, just terry with me for a little while. And he went further by himself and prayed and asked the father that he could take this cup from him. And he came back to see his disciples because he wasn't getting the answer that he wanted. Are you praying with me? Are you praying with me? Are you standing with me? You're my brethren. Oh, they're sleeping. Oh, they're sleeping. Can you imagine that? In the hour of his turmoil, understanding the gravity of what was coming his way. He knew what was happening. But yet his buddies, they're just sleeping. You know, you have the the ideology, the idea, I guess. Sorry for the grammar. But the theory that Jesus wasn't God, it's just a man. I I' I've been astounded by this theory because, you know, even in brother Brandham's day, he said that he had a woman that came to him and said, "Brother Brandom, you make Jesus God. How could you do that?" He was God. Nobody could do the things that he did. Yes. Nobody could create. Nobody could speak to the storm. Nobody has ever walked on water except for Peter. Amen. But only at the word of the master. But there's the same spirit that was around in brother Brandham's day that said, you know, he he was just a man. He was only a man. He's a good man, but he is only a man. Soon as you take God out of the equation, isn't it interesting that spirit's alive and well today, brothers and sisters? Because as soon as you take God out of the equation in Jesus' life, then there's no atoning for our sin. And when there's no atoning for our sin, then we're lost as lost can be. And I love it because even though that spirit's alive, it doesn't change that that atonement happened. Just because the devil can come around and whisper a lie, it doesn't mean there isn't truth. I think it's so important to recognize no matter what the devil tries to say, no matter what he tries to do, the atonement was paid in full. Isn't that beautiful? That same spirit's around today, though. He's just a man. For some people, maybe we know Brother Bam. He said that woman that said that to him, tried to hang that one on him. He said, 'How can that be? Well, brother Bham, you know, when he went to the tomb of Lazarus, he cried. What? What a simple explanation. What a simple explanation. He cried. Okay, so he had emotion. So he was tempted in all points as we are. But who was it after he cried? Brother Brandham says it when he walked up to the tomb of Lazarus and he put his shoulders back and he said, "Lazarus, come forth." And he didn't say it with a a little voice. He said it with a loud voice. Lazarus, come forth. Who was that? That was God. I think it's such a beautiful thought. We have the ability to recognize where we stand. But in our day, in our age, when the vindicated prophet was here on earth, God came down and he wrote things. And one of the examples is he told his prophet to pick up your pen and write. We know that God doesn't have hands. He doesn't have feet. He doesn't have a voice box. He doesn't have lips. He has the bride body. That's who he speaks through. And we know that brother Brandham's a part of that. But, you know, he was told to pick up your pen and write. That's one expression of it. Another expression of it is uh he he does have a hand if he needs one, if he chooses to have one. You can go back into the days of uh uh now I'm drawing a blank. Daniel, right? We know the story how there was the handwriting on the wall. Amen. And the king who was mocking God, he he was party. They were having a party. They were having a shaker, weren't they? And they said, "You know what? Just doing what we're doing, it's just not enough. Let's get a little more wild. Let's turn the tunes up a little more and let's go and get those vessels of gold out of the temple that we took from from Jerusalem and let's party with those, right? And God, we know that God will not be mocked. And that's what was happening there. And and and God, he came into the room and he wrote it on the wall and he wrote it in an unknown tongue. And and they didn't know what it meant. But it's funny because that king after it happened, it said that he got so scared and worried that his knees smoked together just like a cartoon. Can you imagine that? His knees started shaking and he got weak in his legs and he probably needed support. He didn't know what was going on. He was probably good and hammered. Partying down, having a shaker, mocking God with those vessels. And what did it take? A prophet from God. Amen. And we know the queen said, "You know what? There's a dissolver of doubts in the land." And all you have to do is ask him. And when he came, he told him, "You know what? You're done." Amen. As you hear the children say these days, you're cooked. You're over. God's done with you. You think you can mock him and get away with it? It's over. But you know something else happened in the day in which we live and I think it's beautiful. We'll just keep reading here. Just like we prove the resurrection, the rise, the sun, the setting of the sun, the rising again, the leaf going out of the tree down in the sap into the root and comes back up. And the leaf comes back with it again and falls on the ground. the life of the tree sucks it right back the calcium the pod ash and brings it right up to another leaf again. See all nature everything works right with the word of God. Amen. And here it is exactly perfectly in these church ages. That's the reason the Holy Ghost came down and draw those things and made them out for us the way he has. That's exactly this is in the masterpiece. I think it's an amazing thing how he would bring this up. So, brother Logan, if you don't mind just bringing up that picture. I think it's really interesting and and worthy of the discussion to just know, did it come through of the church ages? It was in the email with all the quotes. I made it a little bit confusing the way I did it this morning, but how many of us are familiar with the picture of the church ages? How it shows the sun and then it shows the moon going over it and and covering it up. Even if you just if it's not in the email, if you just searched it up, you'd be able to bring it up. Brother Brandham talks about how the Holy Ghost came and wrote that on the wall. Brother Brandham drew it as a diagram so that we would see it. But in the message shalom, which also is in 1964, he says, 'Now a few months ago, I preached for a series of meetings at the tabernacle on the seven church ages. You perhaps all have heard them. Amen. And when I finished drawing out on the blackboard the seven church ages, how the light come in and how the light went out. And I guess you have that perhaps here somewhere. God bless you. Thank you. That's what he drew out. You have this somewhere. But now it's among us. Anyhow, we know. And the strange thing on the last day when the last church age was drawn out this great pillar of fire which is among us. And you know brothers and sisters just because we can't visualize it with our own eyes because we can't see it. It's here. Don't think it's not here. That same pillar of fire that he's describing here in the words which we're reading is here in this room. It's the exact same pillar of fire. come down among hundreds of people and took itself back to the back wall of the tabernacle. And there before these hundreds draw those church ages darkening and lightening just exactly the way I had it draw on the board. Mysteriously, many people probably scratched their head and thought, why would this this man, this prophet, he should be out healing the sick and praying for all the sick people and all the things in this world. Why would he be drawing that out? We can look at it and say, "Blessed be the name of the Lord because we recognize why he drew it out. It gave us an example of the different church ages." But he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Isn't it the same thing as when Daniel was there? This is bringing judgment, too, brothers and sisters. Don't think it's not. This is not a flowery bed of ease. This is showing what took place in the church ages. And we know the dark ages was a very, very dark time. And the people who were the bride in those ages, they gave their lives. Amen. And we know, brother Brandham talks about it graphically, the young virgins and and how they were treated. Their hair, their beautiful long hair was dipped in tar. And then they were tied up and their hair was set on fire to burn as human torches until they gasped their last breath. And then they were fed to lions. And some other ones were fed to lions. and some other ones were tied to the underside of logs so that wild dogs could eat their flesh off of them while they were still alive. There's so many graphic, gruesome things that these people went through so that we could have this word today. I'm not saying it to scare us or make us feel bad. I'm saying it so that we would understand that we have every reason to rejoice. People gave their lives so that we could have this religious freedom. Amen. And we could even fast forward it even up to to be a Canadian, to be someone who is in the US. People gave their lives so that we could have the freedom here. But I'll say this, they did not give their lives so that we could put a rainbow flag and have a great parade and say, "We're all different sexual beings than the way God created us." And we're going to call it pride. Those people that gave their lives for our freedom here did not give it so that we could behave like that, right? That's right. That's right. Those people that try and make out like they have some right. I was talking to someone recently. I think it was Isaac. You know, there's coming a day. But the people, they've got their rights here. And you know what? We're going to say have them. Take them. Yes, but I'm not going to be shy and say that you got those rights because someone went out and put a rainbow flag on the end of their bayonet and waved it at the Russians or at the Germans and won a war because of it. No, there wasn't one person with a rainbow flag then. Not one. And they've taken it and tried. The devil has taken it. We're not going to put it on any human being. We're going to put it on the devil where it belongs. It's the devil trying to pervert. That's the only thing he's got to try and take that unconditional covenant that God gave Noah to say there would never be a flood. My amen. Getting back to the masterpiece, he says, notice here, the life that was in the husk, in the stock and in the tassel, in the husk all gathers in the seed. And the life that was in the stock went, and one went to make the other. Justification made way for sanctification. Sanctification made way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I love how Brother Brandham goes on. I think it's real important here. There's a a real important key here, brothers and sisters. The baptism of the Holy Ghost made way for the Holy Ghost itself. Amen. It's not about just saying that I've done the the steps of grace and now I understand that we've got the word. God sent a prophet and everything is fine in my life and and I've got the Holy Ghost. Amen. I can come to church and say amen. It's not about that at all. It's about the resurrection of the literal life of Jesus Christ inside of us. It's about understanding that there has to be a resurrection today. That tomb has to open up. that stone that stone stony heart has got to be rolled away so that that fleshy heart can be exposed where the Holy Ghost itself can actually manifest in our lives. It's not just about having the baptism of the Holy Ghost and seeing signs and wonders. It's not about seeing the the great things happening in my life. I've got a a great income. I've got good health. I've got all these things that the blessing of God in my life. They could be the curse of God in your life if you're not careful. Amen. The baptism of the Holy Ghost makes way for the Holy Ghost, I want to say it this way, himself, the Lord Jesus Christ to live out through us. So much so that the people around us that know us the most, they say, "What happened to you? Because you're not the same as you used to be." Amen. For the better. for the better. Brothers and sisters, this gospel we're talking about, this Holy Ghost that we're talking about, does not make us legalistic. It doesn't puff us up with pride. We don't become a stuffed shirt because of this gospel. We become humble. Thank you. This gospel changes us for the better. This gospel allows us to have joy. This gospel allows us to have peace. Amen. This gospel allows us to be long-suffering and gentlemen. Oh my. We know the fruit of the spirit. That's what this gospel does for us because that is the literal life of Jesus Christ living out through us. Amen. The Holy Ghost made way for the Holy Ghost itself to come right down in perfection back to the word again to manifest itself. Where's it going to manifest? Brothers and sisters, I want to say it this way. Calgary living word. Those people who are living word manifestations of the Lord Jesus Christ. Those people, not because you're an association in membership of Calgary living word. No. Because you have taken that word and hid it in your heart that you might not sin against him. What is sin, brothers and sisters? Sin is unbelief. Amen. Sin is not running out and smoking or drinking or carousing or doing all those things. Those are all attributes of sin. But you wouldn't do them if you believed. Amen. Remember, brothers and sisters, the flaw. I'll call the musicians because we're going to close. The flaw. When we see it, just remember that's God. remember brother Brandham talking about being in I think it was in South Africa and how maybe it wasn't in South Africa he was somewhere I know in South Africa he had the dump trucks the mayor of the city said come and look at the dump trucks hauling all of the equipment from the people that were healed they don't need the crutches and wheelchairs and walkers and all the stuff but what I'm thinking of is where brother Bradom was using a church for his meetings and he waited. He got there early and he had to wait and he watched all of the perfectly polished people coming out of the church and it kind of bothered him and it bothered other people around him. The people I think even whose church it was because after all of the perfectly polished people who had their mass and were blessed, they went out. They may even have had the Holy Ghost. Brother Bam says you can have the Holy Ghost every hour of your life and still go to hell. The reason for that, brothers and sisters, is because people won't actually make way for the Holy Ghost itself to live out through them. They'll say, "I'm I'm not going to give this up and I'm not going to give that up. I'm going to keep the other thing." I say, "Lord, help me." But Brother Brandham looked at the perfectly polished people coming out and then he saw his people coming in, the lame and the halt and the blind. Maybe some smelly people, maybe some people not dressed very well. But you know, that's who Christ came for. I was just in prayer and I was thinking about it. You know, Lord, let us never ever have the publican attitude. Let us never be that way where we stand praying saying, "Oh Lord, I'm so glad I'm not like brother Barry. I've been in church all my life. I don't have a flaw. I never strayed from the message. So, I don't have those scars. But I want to say this. Do you know what it's like to get kicked around in the world? Do you know the law of the contrast? Do you understand what it means to actually be redeemed? Sometimes we need to have a little bit of a scar in our life to realize the masterpiece. And sometimes if we've never had that in our lives, we can cause our our our behavior to act like a publican. I'm so glad that I've never gone down that road. Don't ever act like a publican. Pray like the sinner and say, "Lord, I'm not even worthy of your grace, but you still chose me, so I'm willing to accept it the way that you've given it." Hallelujah. Maybe stand with me as we close. When we see the flaw, brothers and sisters, don't be afraid of it. Thank the Lord for that flaw. Thank him because when he sees his own image, he's going to strike that that sculpture and and he's going to make it a masterpiece. One last quote as we close. Brother Brandham says, "But you notice the church only came into view once, talking about the view of the bride, the preview of the bride." And he talks about the churches and how he had the vision. And and you can look it up and you can see it. It's in the masterpiece. He talks about this. You notice the church only came into view once, each nation, the church, but the bride come in twice. Isn't that beautiful? The church is given one shot. And remember, brother Brandham in the church age book, he says that every single one who calls themsself a Christian but isn't willing to accept the word the way that it was given in the day in which it was given through the vindicated prophet for the age. Everyone that's not willing to accept the word, but calls themsself a Christian is going to be judged according to the Christian values, according to his word, which means they're going to have the maximum judgment. The word of God says that it would have been better for them to not even have known than to call themselves a Christian, get a little bit puffed up, and act like they're something. Remember the rich young ruler? He lifted up his eyes in hell and immediately started barking out orders to Abraham. Get that beggar over there to come and bring me some water. I'm I'm suffering. Can't you see? Amen. What gall, what audacity. It just goes to show that the character we have here is what's going there. We don't change who we are. We only change our dwelling place. Glory to God. I I say, "Lord, just keep chiseling. Just keep working on me. Just keep peeling off the layers. Just keep polishing me, Lord." Oh my. The bride, she come in view twice. He says, "See what it was now, not knowing it, but look at it with my message this morning." Not knowing that, see the seed fell in that ground at Nia. That was the original seed and she's come through the process of these denominations which only comes in existence once but the bride returns back again in the last days. I will restore saith the Lord. See the masterpiece is brought up. That's the reason she was in view. She's the masterpiece. That's the reason she was in view. reviewed the second time. She was reviewed the first time, then she was reviewed the second time. And she was perfectly the second time like she was the first time. Isn't that beautiful? How many of us feel like we're perfect like the first time? I I don't know. I I I struggle to put my hand up. I don't feel like I'm perfect. That's why the prophet said, "Your feelings got nothing to do with it." Amen. That's why the Holy Ghost is without sensation. Just because we have a a a holy hallelujah doesn't mean that we're saved. We can just fall under the anointing. My God bless you today. I'll shut up. Just remember this. You are his masterpiece. Let's pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word. Amen. Thank you for sending a vindicated prophet, Lord. Father, thank you for giving us ears to hear what your spirit said to the church. I pray, Lord Jesus, that somehow someway today there would be words encouraging to us, Lord. That Amen. Father, we would desire to just surrender ourselves unto you in a greater way. Father, I I say these words and you know my heart. I say these words from my heart because I desire a greater surrender unto you, Lord. Father, the only way that we're going to get up is to first go down. Amen. And Father, I pray that we would just, Lord, have a humility in our heart that's second to none. As your bride, we recognize it's only by your grace that we're saved. Father, we pray that Lord, you would just keep your hand upon each one of us as we go our separate ways. Be with those who couldn't come today, whatever the reason. Lord, be with the sick and the afflicted. Father, be with those who are just streaming. And Lord Jesus, my prayer is that we would find that last predestinated seed in the city of Calvary. Yes. Thank you, Lord. That we would have that desire, Lord Jesus, to witness your life to this world around us. Amen. And father we pray Lord Jesus for brother Toby and brother Gilbert Lord and brother Paul who put their shoulder to the wheel week after week Lord month after month to take your word to the saints at Lethbridge. Pray that you would bless their way. We pray that you would just grant to them a fresh coal off the altar. Lord, that when the the burden gets heavy, Lord Jesus, when they would rather just be in service, saying amen, that Father, Lord, there would be a supernatural boost in their lives, Father, that you would just encourage them in a supernatural way. Father, we pray for the saints in Lethbridge, Lord, that they would be able to find the last predestinated seed there as well. Father, help us each one in our lives as we go. Father, we'll be careful to give you all the praise. Yes. Amen. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all of these things. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Can we sing the song When the Redeemed, when the redeemed are gathering in, all washed like snow and free from all sin. You know, we can raise a heavenly anthem and we will there. We don't have to wait though. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed hope on high are how we'll raise the heavenly sea in the sky. [Music] Our gathering our [Music] gathering all I will sound my There will be a great procession over all [Music] the Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] s redemption [Music] story are gather and the angels all for Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Then the Savior will give [Music] or hear [Music] his [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] I am thinking of the rapture in our blessing. [Music] How you raise the heavenly [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy. Hallelujah. Fill my way with love. Hallelujah. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has come. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] till my day. [Music] Hallelujah. Sweet by and by. Sweet by and by. Amen. Hallelujah. We will meet on that beautiful shore. [Music] Let's start with a chorus. Fearless by and by we shall be on that [Music] beautiful Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Amen. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] We shall sing a new son [Music] of shall Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] to our bounty father. Hallelujah. We are the praise for the [Music] glory and the blessings. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] by [Music] and we shall be on that beautiful. Hallelujah. What a day that will be as we dismiss today. What a day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who save me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. There's coming a day. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No clouds in the sky. No tears to be all forever. [Music] Happy [Music] glorious I shall see. Heat. Heat. [Music] He takes me by the hand and leads me to the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will [Music] be. There'll be no star there. All our [Music] [Music] declaration. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Six steps.
