################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 2025-05-18  MODERN EVENTS ARE MADE CLEAR BY PROPHECY  Bro. Josue - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    2025-05-18 || MODERN EVENTS ARE MADE CLEAR BY PROPHECY || Bro. Josue
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5ac7pFyn20
========================================

Description:
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
Josue Eurico Nsiamfumu
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus my wonderful is wonderful. [Music] Jesus name. Oh father seated. It's only by your mercy. We [Music] just Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus, mother of love, you're never always running. Take us away. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus Christ. Oh, we [Music] rely on your grace and on night crown in praise. Oh [Music] Lord. Thank you Jesus. I now lift up my eyes unto their heels. Lord from where else cometh our help. Father, our help come from thy Lord. Father, we thank you this morning. We give you glory, honor, and adoration. Hallelujah. We thank you because you are a faithful God. We thank you for bringing each and every one of us this morning to sing songs of Zion. We thank you because it is only you that can touch the soul of man. We are unworthy people Lord. Father but you made us worthy. Have mercy on our soul Lord Jesus. Father as we are getting ready Lord Jesus for your word this morning. May you speak to us as individual, as a family, Lord. Father, help our own belief. Lord, thank you because of all you've been doing and all you have done, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. One more time. For in Jesus name I pray. [Music] Amen. Amen. Maybe shake some of his hand as you're seated this morning. Sorry, Jeff and Carla, just saw you there now. God bless you. Good to have you here this morning as [Music] well. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning with brothers and sisters. Shake someone's hand you'll spend eternity with. What a what a what a blessing it is to have each one of you here this morning. Upon life's boundless ocean, certainly a life that we live. Let's sing it. But Jesus is my anchor. Well upon life's boundless ocean where mighty billows roll. I fix my hope in Jesus. Blessed anchor of my soul. When trials fears to sail me as storms are gathering or will I rest upon his mercy and I trust him more. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. I'm anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind, no wave. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus. For he hath power to save. I'm anchored in that rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and he gives me blessed peace. His voice has killed the waters and their true sea. My pilot and my deliverer in him I all can find for always when I need him. Well, he's at my side. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll bring. I'm anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I'm anchored in that rock of angels. Oh yes, he is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. Well, he drives away my sorrows and he shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward on life trouble seeing. There I behold the haven is prepared for me. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus. The storms of life, my brave. Oh, I'm anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind nor wave. Oh yes, I'm anchored in Jesus. For he had power to save. I'm anchored in that rock of the nations. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all the flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost and cleansed and made me free. Oh, it is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh yes, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh Lord, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and bow for service day. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh Lord. Yes. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Oh, Lord. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh come my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. It will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. Oh, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh Lord, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, though these people may not learn it be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost. Baptized in Jesus name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them, Lord. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Give a little clap offering. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. And if you're one of them, won't you want to sing this next verse? Oh, I want to see him. I mean, we're going to see him. He'll he he'll he he'll he'll he'll welcome us in, but those those hands are nail scarred. When you think about the trials, I think about this often, how the trials that we go through life, you think about how tough they are. Just think about the fact that when he shakes your hand and he embraces you in glory. Those are with nails scarred. Think about the price he paid. That's the price that he paid for us. How could we not love him? Just a just a chorus, brother. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares on past. I'll be home at last ever to rejoice. I'll ask you to stand for the second verse as the deacons come. Second verse. Deacons, would you come? Oh, when in service for my Lord, dark may be the night. Oh, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Oh, Satan snares. A vex my soul but aside. Oh but my Lord he goes ahead and he leads whatever he t. Yes. Oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. Oh, and on the streets of glory. Oh, let me lift my voice. Oh, cares on past. I'll behold to you. [Music] God bless you saints. Uh we have few announcements here before we take the offering. Uh we want to apologize if you see that there's no blinds here. The windows have been changed. So we have removed the blinds and uh uh next uh Thursday and Friday uh these windows have begun and the new windows are coming and that is why you don't see the windows. So we apologize for any inconvenience and also we want to announce that we are resuming our padlocks and uh the first we are going to have will be the June fest in the Johnson's uh uh ranch. So June 5th is going to be the first uh plo that we are having in this sanctuary and it's going to be in the brother berry sister Lisa their place. Also uh June 14th is going to be a church cleanup. So uh more hands will make the work easier. So June 14th is going to be a church cleanup. So please if you have time come and help, come and put your shoulder to the wheel and God will bless you. Let's bow our heart for prayer. Our precious heavenly father, what a beautiful sight we see this morning. Lord, this is a bouquet that you have prepared. People from all walks of life. Because of you, we have assembled in this sanctuary, Lord, to come and hear your word. And before the word comes, Father, we are bringing our praises, our worship to you. Father, each one of us have a testimony. Each one of us has a sacrifice to make this morning. And Father, we come here this morning once again. lifting up our voices, lifting up our hearts to say thank you once again for another opportunity given to us to assemble here to worship you. Only you that we can assemble in your name to worship. And as we worship, Lord, we want to bring our needs to you this morning. Father, we have so many needs among us. We are not ashamed to say that we have needs. So it is my prayer that Lord you meet those needs. We will be careful to come back and give it to you. Father this morning our pastor his family they are in Edmonton ministering there. We pray that Lord you'll be with them. Many of us have traveled Lord. Those that are traveling Lord we pray that you'll be with them Lord. And those that have coming our visitors Lord may they not come to see Father one another but to see you here Lord. Father, we pray that Lord you bless each and everyone Father this this morning Lord and also as we are bringing our tithes and offering Lord we pray that Lord you bless it and receive it for in Jesus name that we pray. [Music] Amen. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Oh yes, I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, till I lay my head to rest. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Sing it again as you have your seats for the dawn. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Oh, yes. Every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. I'm just uh a little accolade to brother Don. I many of you know of course those of you that come here often you know that brother Don's got quite a gift of poetry and he just had something come on his heart I just saw the post this week and some of the sisters were asking about a prayer and he just created a poem like that's an incredible incredible gift and it's not just poem it can be put to music as well but Don's got a poem for us or a an encouragement I'll say it that way and then the older lean sisters you have a special if you come right after God bless [Music] Amen. I wasn't going to read this today, but the last couple weeks it's been on my heart. Once I got in the sanctuary, I just felt led to read it. It's called the word in my boots. And we know the prophet taught us the Holy Ghost is the action of the word in us. I was driving slow that evening, my heart heavy, my mind wide, turning over verses from the good book that provoked me deep inside. See, I'd read a line that lit me up like fire in my chest. Revelation ain't just knowledge. It's faith that's walked and dressed. Now, that got me thinking hard, friend, about a fellow I once knew. He talked real deep about scripture. quoted Paul and Moses too. He said the word had been revealed. The scrolls had lost their seal. But somehow in his daily life and never quite turned real. He preached about the glory, about the mysteries up above. Yet in his house, his family shivered, not from the cold, but from lack of love. He knew the truth. He spoke it loud but never let it live. He held the fire close enough to warm but never let it give. Now don't get me wrong, I ain't judging. Lord knows it's me I'm referring to cuz faith and revelation, friend, they ain't just things we view. It's not enough to see the light or hear that still small voice. The power comes and live in it. That's when you make the choice. Because revelation brings a cross, not just a shout or song. And if you see it but will not do, you're walking dead and wrong. To know his name but not his way. To speak but never show. That's like a field that's never plowed. Where nothing good can grow. I guess what I'm trying to say. If he's lit up your soul, don't just sit there glowing. Start walking toward the goal. Let the word become your footsteps. Let his voice become your breath. Because living truth is what he meant from manger unto death. Now I'm checking my heart each time I read these books. Not just to gain a quote or two, but take a deeper look. Do I love like he has loved me? Do I walk how he has bled? If the word is truly in me, it ought to be how I'm led. And if someday they lay me down and folks stand up to speak, I don't need him saying he knew much. Or boy, he sure could preach. Just let him say he lived it out. That light he used to talk. He wasn't just a man who heard. He let the word simply walk. Lord bless you. [Applause] Thank you, brother Don. Thank you, brother Don. Sisters, would you come [Music] I thank the Lord for my blessings for all the ways he has kept me. Oh, I can't forget how he soul. Praise the Lord. I thank the Lord. He is faithful and alone. He is faithful. Oh, I was alone. Well, he opened up the door. I found a reason to praise the Lord. He woke me. Woke me up this morning. A testimony. Gave me a testimony. I've got a reason. I've got a reason. So many more. Oh, done so much for me. Oh yes. gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. He woke me up. He woke me up this morning. Gave me a testimony. I've got a reason. So many more. Oh, he's done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason. Got a reason. I've got a reason. Got a reason. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. I thank the Lord. He's my [Music] anchor. And through the rain is my shelter. Oh, when trouble comes, I can rest in the storm. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Cuz he woke me up. Say, woke me up this morning. A testimony. Gave me a testimony. I've got a reason. I've got a reason. So many more. So many more. Oh, he's done so much for me. He gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Woke me up. Walk me out this morning. Testimony. Give me a testimony. I've got a reason. I've got a reason. So many more. Oh, done so much for me. Yes, he gave me the victory. I've got a reason. I've got a reason. A reason. I've got a reason. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Raise your voice. Hallelujah. It's been so good. Oh, hallelujah. So, the reason Hallelujah. The angels. Oh, hallelujah. Diamond. Hallelujah. He never fell. Oh, hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. So many reasons. Oh hallelujah. Hear my soul. Hallelujah. Here's my body. Oh hallelujah. I sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I got a reason. Praise the Lord. He woke me up. Woke me up this morning. Oh, he gave me the testimony. I got a reason. I got a reason so many more. Oh, he's done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason. I've got a reason. Got a reason. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Wonderful. It's a great song to wake up to. I'm sure we would just uh I'd have to get a recording of that, sisters. That was wonderful. Thank you. My wife was just contemplating the other day. She's been counting the number of countries represented in this congregation. I think you last count was it 16 16 or 17 16 countries first generation countries not like I'm from Russia and Holland and Germany three or four or five generations back but first generation. So 16 brother uh Peter prayed about the bouquet this morning. A wonderful bouquet before the Lord. 16 countries represented in this little group of people plus I don't know brother Dan I don't know what your I think you're probably second or third generation I'm sure but um lots of countries represented God to God be the glory for all of it as we sing this song now the potter's hand I love the I love the picture or the visual of as I said earlier about those nail scarred hands I have this visual some of you have heard of my story of a potter sitting at a wheel and that clay clay that wet clay and the nail scarred hands of the Lord Jesus as you as he molds us. Sometimes I complain but then I think about those nail scarred hands is that's shaping this piece of clay. He took the bane pain he took he took all of that all that suffering for me as he shapes us. Let's just be grateful to him this morning. Stand with me if you would is just going to sing this song and we'll sing one more as brother Jose comes and I don't know where brother Joshua's from. Is he from Nigeria? I don't know for sure. Where's Brother Joshua from? Anybody know? Congo. Congo. Okay. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. Let's just allow the great potter to shape us this morning by the teaching and then the hearing. And as brother Don Don's poem talked about, then the living of that word. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. Oh, you gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. Oh Lord, I'm captured by your holy calling. Send me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Oh, lead me, Lord, I pray. [Music] Oh Lord, take me and hold me. Use me. Won't you fill me? I give my life to the potter's hand. Oh Lord, take me and guide me. Oh, lead me. Walk inside me. Oh, I give my life to the father's [Music] hand. Amen. Joshua requested this song as he comes this morning. We're marching to Zion. Come we that love the Lord. Let's just sing the first verse of that in the chorus. Anyone here qualify? Anyone love the Lord this morning? Amen. Come we that love the Lord. Let our joys be known. Come we that love the Lord and let our joys be known. Join in a song with sweet accord. Join in that song with sweet accord and dust. So around the throne and dust [Music] Thank you Lord. Oh we are maring. I went to Zion the beautiful city of God. Amen. Amen. Before I start the preaching today, the same song. I would like to sing it again. We are marching to Zion. [Music] We are maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We are mag. Yes, Lord. Oh, we are [Music] magic. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Come on. Come on. Oh, we are mages. We are [Music] mages. Oh, hallelujah. Give me the third one. The hero of Zion. The hero of Zion. He of Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Oh go. Hallelujah. Oh, we are mighty. We are magic. We are magic. Say hallelujah. We are maring maring. Hey. Oh, we are maring maring. [Music] Say hallelujah. We are maring brother. Oh we are mighty. We are mighty s. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] Jesus beyond a beautiful city. Amen. [Music] Amen. Brother, we're going soon. Soon we're moving. We are marching. You know when I was in Jerusalem is just a small city and at midnight there was a thousand of people with kids going to worship God one day and this is soon the song we singing today it will be a reality our lifeal Hallelujah. Yes. That will be the end of everything. I always say that. I always say that in this world we need money. We need it. You can say don't think about that. You will need it. And brother and sister, you need a car or you need a houses. We are not a Lazarus who was begging money who was homeless but he was in heaven and on this world you need God grace before to reach the Zion. Let's pray otherwise I I will go over already. My goodness. Let's bow our head and pray. Father God, creator of heaven and earth. Before to open the book and read it, we come to you the author of the everything. Father bless the service as we approach to celebrating your life before to cross the other side and to be in Zion and to spend time and eternity with you. Bless the service. Bless our pastor and bless everyone in this church. Even those who are online, bless them in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. God bless all the [Music] musician. May you seat please. I'll give first the announcement before I go move on on my preaching. Last time I was going in my car and I was singing in my car and later on there was no more space in my car anymore to sing and to dance. I said, "Lord, I'm stacking now. I was singing in my car and I stopped the car on the road." I know if you maybe you can see it on YouTube or somewhere. I don't know. Because I stopped my car on the road and I went out of the car and I start dancing. I said, "Lord, in the car, I don't have more space. So, I need to go out, get out of my car and start dancing for you." Sometimes happen in your life. Sometime in the church something's telling you stand up and dance and you you you hesitate that is you miss your blessing. And I was going at work in the parking area. I was so exciting about the grace of God. I just get out of the car and I start dancing. People were sad watching me. They say, "What's happening to you?" I say, "I'm just feeling good." Because we we we going soon. One day we will stop thinking about everything on this world. One day and it's coming soon. Okay, let me give the announcement before I go. I'm already in my preaching. So, so greeting from pastor Barry Johnson, our pastor who is now in Edmonton. So, he told me to greet all the saint in Calgary living with Assembly. Did you accept it? Come on. Your pastor, brother Barry Johnson, is sending you a greeting and you say, Thank you. Is there any visitor today? Brother or sister who come for the first time to visit us? Anyone? We have some visitors. Can I see your hand please? Cuz I didn't see you. Oh, God bless you. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lords. So, Phil, welcome. This is your house. You see this place is called the house of the Lord. Brother Barry have his own house. So we have our own houses. But this place is a house of the Lord. So is a house of your father. Feel free. If you want to jump jump, don't forget to say amen of the word. So if there's anyone else who want to be baptized in the water or in the Holy Ghost, is there anyone who want to be baptized in the water or someone want to be baptized with Holy Ghost? Because if you are not baptized with the Holy Ghost, you not going to go to heaven. Forget about heaven. Because there's a difference to John the church and to John the body of Christ. Coming to the church that is doesn't mean you are in the body of Christ. So make sure you join the body of Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There you are candidate for heaven. And the last one, there's a service to change the windows. So there's a changing windows services. It will happen on Thursday 22nd and Friday 23rd this week. So we need brother and sister if you are you are available to come to help for the service. So you would like to I would like to brother Paul can you stand up so people can see you? No help for that. So you are good. Oh, on June 14. So sorry, my apologize. So it was not on this Friday, but June 14th. Okay. So you don't need help. You're good. Okay. God bless you. I think this is was the announcement. I will go straight away in the words. So could you stand up so we can read the words of God. Let's take the book of St. Luke chapter 24 verse 13- 27. Are you there? How many people have a Bible? I'm talking about the Bible. Okay. How many people have a phone with a Bible inside? Okay, let's read. Brother, can you put it on there? So everybody can see. And behold, two of them went that same day to the village called Emus, which was from Jerusalem about the three score follow everybody's there. 14th and they talking together of all these things which has happened. And it came to pass that where they commun together and resigning, Jesus himself, did you notice Jesus himself, the one who was with them few days ago, draw near and went with them. But their eyes were ordered that they should not know him. And he said unto them, What manner of communication are this day he have one to another, and she walk and has sat? And the one of them whose name was Cropas answering said unto him, "Ha died only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hence not knowing the things which shall come to pass this days. He's talking to Jesus. He's talking to his master. He's talking to the one who was preaching them. Is like a me." Okay, how many people know about me? Okay. So, can you miss my face after 3 days? Can you forget about me after 3 days? But they forget about Jesus after 3 days only. 19th and he said unto them, "What things?" And they answer, they say unto him concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty indeed, and word before God and all the people, and now the chief priests and our rulers deliver him to the to be condemned to death, and have crucified him. But we trust we we trust that he has be the which should have redeem Israel. And beside all this, today is the third day since these things was done. Yeah. A certain woman also always human. So I didn't say happy woman days to you. So this is my day now. So happy woman's days. Yeah. A certain woman also of our company made astonish at the sepulra. And when they found not his body, they come saying that he has also seen a vision of angels which say that he was alive. And certain of them which was with him with us went to the sea and found him. it even so as the woman had say, but him they saw not. Then he said unto them, "Oh foolish and slow of heart to believe all that the prophet has spoken, heart not Christ to have to suffer these things and to enter into his glory?" and beginning at Moses and all the prophets is export unto them in all the scripture that things concerning himself. They were with Jesus. They talked to him. They was a disciple of Jesus Christ. But they forget about Jesus. Let God bless the words. Maybe you see it. This is what's always happening in the world. When you talking about Jesus, he will come. Even when you thinking about Jesus, he will come. But listen to this one. Now if I can call my subject I will call it the modern events are made clear by prophecy. Modern events are made clear by prophecy. Now it's always be God's and changing and changing God's let his people know before certain events happen. So this is the way God's always deal with his people is always give a prophecy always tell people in advance what can happen in few days in the future. So people of God will prepare themsel to wait until that prophecy will be fulfilled. If these people, people of Jerusalem, if they knew that Jesus was God's, they will never kill him. Modern events are made clear by the prophecy. Sometimes things happening in the world and we think it's just normal things and we say it's okay Trump you want to change Canada to become a 51 state of United States of America and people say some people okay I don't I don't I don't accusing someone so yeah are you with me yeah cuz I remember sometime ago there was a people from FBI and the CA they come to Calgary and look it for me because I give them what the Lord says. For six months they was checking for me and they found my place and they saw me and they was checking with me. So I knew that those people come from FBI and CA. So I was quiet because I didn't do something wrong. I just tell them what say the Lord. That's all. And I don't care but people so some people agree that Canada will become the 51 state of United States of America and there was a fight. I saw when President Trump say about that everybody all the premier they went to Washington DC they was on the line waiting for the meeting. I say we need to thank God for the prophet we have. What I read is in the Bible is a story. It's not something extraordinary. No, it was a normal things events in the city. Jesus was not the first person to be crucified. No, there was people crucified before Jesus. He was not the only one. Brother Baram say, let me read it quickly. Modern events are made clear by prophecy. 61206. Okay, let me start 17. Brother, do you get it? Okay, let me go on. 651206 modern events are made clear by prophecy. Now I take I call subjects I like to take this the events modern events are made clear by prophecy. Now it always be God's the unchangeable unchanging God's way to let his people fall before certain events happen. If the people in that day of the Lord Jesus have only sound gods and knowing what was just about to take place, they will not have condemn Jesus to death. But the reason was because you see the reason why they killed Jesus. They didn't know that that was a plan. That was a prophecy that was already make by God. They didn't know that. But the reason of why they killed Jesus because the scripture has to be filled because the Jews had to be blind. We all are aware of that. 19. Do you realize that promise again in this very age that we're living the loud age church age the seventh church age that we we are in now we in 2025 we are in now the same as blinding them back there for the purpose of getting his message through to the elected people is promised to do the same thing today. Is doing the same thing today. Is doing the same things today. Brother Brham say when they reading the Bible, you have to say amen. Because the spirit of God in you, he will push you to say amen to the words. The spirit of God in you will push you to say amen to the words. And when we reading also brother Brham the same spirits will tell you to say 20 same preaching and if I say this true respect to all the brethren and sister in Christ one of these days somebody going to say isn't it written that things should happen first the thing I show you today people will say that later it was written someone talk already about that we didn't know that but there will not going to be any excuse even for our government in Canada even to United States of America myself I send them a message that's why they CA and FBI to check about me to check who is this guy. I sent them a message to tell them what do you see today in your country my prophets my prophets you already say that these things will happen 21 and it will be the same way it was then verily I say unto you is already come and they have did what they listened to him when they ask him. They ask Jesus say why the scribes say and the scripture say that Eliah must come first they say that to Jesus. Do you remember that? Do you remember that? Okay. 24. Now we went to post. Oh no no no let me go to 23. He said he's already come and you didn't know him. See in that per the way is still hands up to again. So the same thing happened to Jesus. They said to him but Jesus you you say that you are the Messiah. We know that before the messiah come, Elijah must come first. That is the scriptures never change. The prophecy never change. If you are the Messiah, before you come to this place, Elijah the prophet must come first before you. And Jesus said to them, that is true. is the prophecy and is true. But Elijah was with you guys. He was here. You kill him. You kill Elijah. The one you was waiting for. And you asking me if I'm a messiah. I am. And the one you guys was waiting for, his name was not Elijah. He was a John. just the name was changed and today brother Bam say it's happening again brother give me a picture the first one I want to talk about my preaching is the events the modern events are made clear by the prophecy so there's a two things no no the first one. This is the second one. Go to the first one. Yes. Thank you. First of all, we need to know the different there's the events modern events means the normal things happening in the city or things happening in the world. It's a events and we take it normals. It's a part of life. It was the same thing happened in the time of Jesus when they killed Jesus. It was a it's not something special. It was a normal things. They know this guy was making trouble in the city so kill him. That was over. End of story. And for them was normal things events. It was a model events in the city. But there's a second part that events can be maybe be made clear by the prophecy. So any events in the city or in the world we need to go to check what our prophet say. When Kamala Aris she become a vice president. By the way, before that there was a I think everybody knows about the man Martin Luther King Jr. in US. How many people know about the guy? Thank you. Because they even teach us at school. He say I have a dream. They ask him why. There was a big speech that is the most big speech in the United States of Martin. I have a dream. They say what dream? I dream that whites and black people will come together in this country. They say okay you're dreaming. And he said the second thing I saw a black man in the white house as a president. They said forget about that. We can come together but to be a president forget about that. One day this man called Obama become the first black president in United States of America. That's why make Obama popular because that was a dream of a black leader. He become true in this in the country. But we in the message we we went to check because this is the Bible. This is the message. You see here is the message. You don't have access to internet on this one. Nothing. Only the message. This is the Bible. So when this beautiful lady Kamala Aris become a vice president, we took the Bible and we went to check what the Bible say about this lady. We check there was a nothing nothing I say nothing in the Bible about Kamala Aris. We put it on this side. We went to the message preached by the prophet of God William Mariam Brham. We say is there anything about this lady in the message? This is the news. This is the modern events in the news. United States of America. Why Vice President Kamala Aris Royal Purple inauguration day of lift is symbolic to many. Aris honoring rise black fashion designer Christopher John Rogers for his for her history making moment in Capitol Hill. This is a normal story. It's on the news. So people will see but what is the manner with this with the message or with the Bible? We say okay we want to check that is our responsibility to check if these events the modern events it's made clear by the prophecy our responsibility we need to check there was a brother called me for United States he said brother Joshua did you see on the news I say yes sir What do you think? I said I don't think anything. I don't think anything. But I went to check in the message of William Maro Brown. What is he saying? You see this picture here? Is anything here about the Bible verse? Anything here? No. Is there anything with the message of the hour? No. So we went to check now what the prophet of God say. That is where the beginning of the problem starts. Brother, give me a quote. Now we starting the preaching. What the prophet of God say the 70th week of Daniel. You saw the picture correct that was in the news. But what the prophet now say and that day as you see the picture Kamala Aris she want she want us to honor the black community. That's all she say. I always dress with pants like a Jezebel, but today I want to make something different to be royal lady. And Kamala Harris, she's not fun with a purple color. No, she always wear black or uh brown. That is her color. But on that day, she said, "Today is inauguration of my my my my position. To get my position as a vice president, I need to dress nicely to honor uh Rogers." Uh to dress nicely like a royal lady, to be like a queen. They ask her, "What color you need?" She said, "Purp." She didn't know anything, nothing. This message is a true before even Kamala Irish because she's born uh in 19 1960. This prophecy it was made in 61 0806. This is what brother Brham now say. Listen now. I predict and have say I saw a great woman stand up beautiful looking. She's not beautiful. She's not beautiful. Don't be scared. Your brother not going to do anything. So she's blurry beautiful looking. By the way, by the way, before I before I forget, brother, I was so excited when I get the news for my sister. I was telling brother Emmanuel, forget about all the three, they are going. Not only one, they are going. Amen. We always pray. We want to see them to get buried. And some brother and sister also on this place. But brother wake up. They are going. The thing you are looking for first of all the sister must be filled with the Holy Ghost. They have the Holy Spirit here. My sisters here. Where's that other sister? She going to I think to German. There was a sister supposed to go to German somewhere in Europe. Where? To Ghana for a wedding. You see another one. She's gone. Brother, wake up. You need someone with the Holy Spirit. They have a Holy Spirit. Okay. One more thing. You want someone to look nice. They are beautiful. Oh, they are going brothers. You will be late when you start praying. The Lord say there was here you miss her. That was the one I prepared for your life. The one you will take. Okay. I I don't know what I saw a great woman stand up beautiful looking dressing in real highly royal like what and I got little paradise down here. She was a great ruler in the United States. Prefer the Catholic Church. A woman, some woman. I don't know. It still be the Catholic Church. I don't know. I can I can't say. Only thing I see I see a woman that was whole. How can someone already pass away? Can you imagine? Someone was prophesized with dict of dressing. She say she was look beautiful dressing in [Music] purple and for for many people it was just normal for us. When we check the message brother say it will happen. This thing become clear by prophecy. Someone said to me, "Brother Joshua, that is not the exactly what brother said it's happened. It's just she's just the vice president. She's nothing else." I say, "Brother, when brother say something that will be faithful, it will come true. It doesn't matter how long will take. They say, "No, no, no, no. She's just a vice president." I say, "Okay, brother, give me the second picture." People will say, "Brother Joshua, you the one who make it." No, I didn't make any pictures. This is from the news. The news called the 19th United States of America. Kamala Harris is the first woman to officially be acting US president. They didn't say vice president. US president. Before I go home, when John Biden was a president in United States, they traveling with President Trump in Paris. Trump was already elected president but in office he was a John Biden when they arrived from the white house you are not allowed to take the air force one if you are not the president when the president reach the air force one that's the that is the time that plane become a air force one this news they say President John Biden briefly transfer power to the vice president Aris while he was under anesthesia. In the United States there is a law when the president is sick or is not able anymore to do that his office he will transfer the power to the vice president. Kam Harris was just the vice president. Like the brother said to me, "Brother Joshua, you taking brother Brandham like I don't know you you you're talking more about brother Brham and you I said I'm not talking about the brother. I'm reading. That is my problem." Reading. It's not I say, it's he say. This is the news. Look at this part. The 25th amendment has made the temporary transfer of power to vice presidents and more routine and office official offer. George WW and I'm going until Yeah. Aris was acting president for 1 hour and 25 minutes. The White House say for one hour 25 minutes that lady become the first black president of United States of America. Everything it was under her control. If she say yes it's yes. That's when you say when President Trump he said from now 25% everywhere was a trouble because he's a woman president of United States. So Kamala become the first woman president in United States of America for the news. It's normal is a events. It's normal events. Nothing change. So it's a part of life. It's a part of administration. But we believe all the message. We went again in the message to check why Kamala Aris she was a vice president and now she acting as a president of United States of America what the prophet say about that brother but give me a quote let's go to from that [Music] time what the prophet Okay. 16716 paragraph 23. What the prophet of God say about that. from that time 60716 213. This is what the prophet say. And so did you get it from that time 60 0716 paragraph 1 213 and so I won't have time in this meeting to tell you in 1933 did you hear that 1933 Three. This is a woman's nations is the number 13 in appear in the 13th chapter of Revelation. This is brother Brham. 13 star 13 strip 13 everything is 13. Everything is human. And remember, thou saith the Lord. I think you will say amen. Thus sayaith the Lord. That mean is not Brham is the Lord who push Kamala to dress in pop on that day. is gods who push the government to be sick, the presidents to be sick and to transfer the power to that lady just to make this prophecy to be fulfilled. Thus sayith the Lord, there will be a woman ruler before the end of time. She will either be president, vice president or okay I want to make it clear here just stop brother stop here okay the lord they that says the lord there will be a woman ruler before the end time she'll either be president vigor vice president vigor or it be the catholic age as a woman. I see her a great woman. The nation power to her. It will be one before the end time. Thus say the Lord. Write it down and find out. You young people. 1933. Did you catch me? 1933. This is the prophecy. And she he say that say the Lord. You young people see if is not if it happen if his needs I am a false prophet. So if this lady not become a president of United States of America. Branam is a false prophet and he said this is th sayeth the lord. Let me jump to another one. This is was what say about kamala aris. It was a part of his story. It was a part of news. So we saw the news and we know that no more is the events modern events in the world but this become clear by the prophecy only the prophecy can make things clear. So now you understand that was said the lord that is a privilege we have in the message. Anything can happen in the world. If we check, we will know exactly what is the meaning of that. I saw the President Trump dressing in po in in pop. Brother, give me the picture. I want to talk with picture today. I don't want FBI to follow me again. So if they they found the video, it's not me. Everything is here. How many people saw this picture on the news? I didn't make it. People will say, "You make the I to make a pope." No, it's not me. Especially on this day, it's terrible to United States of America. I used to travel to to to to travel to United States of America. But this time, they ask me so many questions. What's going on here? My wife, she said, "Anie, can we go to to United States?" I say, "Okay." Oh, yeah. This is a come just now for sisters. Make it write it down, please. Sisters. She said to me, "Anie, I want to go to United States of America." I said, "Okay, so what do you mean?" She said, "Can you book the flight for me?" I said, "Okay, give me the date." She gave me a date. I was ready to book the ticket. So I say, "Oh." And she ch, she said, "No, can you come with me?" I say, "Oh, okay. I'll come with you. It's okay." And she say, "Women are different." Brother, when you want to marry, make sure you understand the woman. She said to me, "Make sure." She said to me, "Anig, she's the one who called me. She's the one who said to me she want to travel. I say okay. And she's the one who say book the ticket. I say okay. And she's the one who say can you come with me? I say okay. I say no. I say yes. I will go with you. It's okay. She said did you check the price? I say yes ma'am. Did you press did you check everything? I say yes. Okay. So I say do you want me just to book the flight or to book also the hotel? She said no no you need also to book the hotel. I said yes. Okay. I check the price of the ticket. I check the price of the hotel. So I she said for how many days? She say four days. I say thank you. So when I finish I say now for the payment. She said the Bible says every woman desire to be to his husband. I was stuck. I couldn't say anything else. I have just to say amen. She say you need to book the flight, book the hotel. And I and I say okay, okay, I will do for men. We need to protect the wife. So I say okay, I will book the flight and I'll book the hotel and I'll book the car. She say good payment. She said like I said to her, so for the payment, she said you always say that because it's the Bible. All the woman desire will be upon his husband. That was the answer for payment. And I say amen because it's a Bible. She read the scripture. You can't say anything brother. You can't say you can't say no. You see, brother, the Bible say no. No, no, it's not. The Bible say all the woman desire will be to his husband. So brother you have to say brother you have to say okay if she say you have to buy the private jet are you want to say yes. You know I give you the secret before I continue. Every time when your wife ask you something, is it difficult for you? You know what you want to do? Go to God. Say, "Lord, you the one who said that." And she asked me about what you already say. So I need it not for me, but she need it. And all high desire will be upon me. And I'm depending on you. So give her what she want. That is the secret of my life. If you read the Bible, I will say amen. And the Lord will provide. You saw this picture. This was President [Music] Trump one day before to elect a new pope in Roma. himself the president who published this he say is the high who make him a pope and he was so exciting to to see this picture and he published this and the white house everything's going to the white house become official that is what we need to know everything when is published by the White House it mean that is the office of the president he become official. They ask President Trump about the picture. They say but are you the pope? He say no but I wish to become a pope because the pope is more powerful person in the world. I wish to be a pope. And this was published on his account, social account. And the White House took advantage of this picture and they publish it in the White House to make it official. This is one day before they vote a pope in Roma. Brother, send me the second picture. after this after the election if in in Roma they elect a pope it's normal what is matter with this it's nothing they elect a new pope the one who pass away the new one come it's normal is a modern events in the world everybody was talking about that it's nothing this is what they Hey, who is Robert Privos the new pope Leon 14th? Even before his name was announced from the balcony of St. Peter's basilica, the crown below below where chaching viva ilapa long life the pope robert Francis previous 69 has become the 267th occupied of the throne of St. pill and he will be known as a Leon 14th. He is the first American to fill the role of pope. Author is considering as much as a cardinal from Latin America because of many years he spent as a missionary in Peru. Born in Chicago in 1955 to Per of Spanish and Franco Italian descent. I'm stopped there. What is mean to to the church? It's like a you and me. His parents was from Italies and Spanish. He born in Chicago in America. It's nothing. We going to talk about this man. We are in the church end time message church. We need to talk about the word of God. How many people believe the message is the word of God? I want to hear your amen. Amen. This was in the news. They talk about that and we saw the news as a believer. Now, is there anything about this in the message? Yes sir. That was the modern events. But we want to see if the prophecy will make it clear for us. Brother, give me act of the Holy Ghost. 50 54 12 19th evening. How many people will say amen? Okay, listen now to what the prophet say about the new pope of United States of America. Are you ready? I believe one of these glorious days when the United Confederation of Churches going together and the new pope is brought up out of United States and put over there. According to the prophecy. Did you hear me? According to the prophecy, just keep this for now, brother. Catholic church, the pope pass away. It's normal. He's a human being. He's not going to stay there forever. he die. They say, "Okay, as the pope die, we need to organize ourself. We need to elect a new pope." They went to the congress and they come together. They decide to vote a new pope. But one day before the election day, President Trump, he published his picture as a pope. They ask him a question. But president, you are not even a Catholic. You are not even Catholic. You never even go to Catholic church. You never even go. Only when the ceremony so you can get some vote. So that is normally happening. So even I I saw some people are Christian, they become lesbian, they become homosexual just to get a vote. That is the picture and he looks so can you imagine this is not a pop dressing like a pop and they say are you the one who want this to be like this he said no that was you made it but I like it they say are you sure but because you are the president when you are president of United States you can't make any mistake anything you say people will take it seriously and when is a published by the white house that mean he become official you say I wish to be a pope they say okay and it's pass they don't talk about that anymore is a part of story but for us believer of the message we went to check why why that's he dressing himself as a pope and why we have a a a pope in the story that is the first American pope in the story there was another one is a Latino is also American but the prophecy say when there will be a new pope from the United States of America. There's no two United States of America. No, only one. So what the prophets say about him? Brother, go back on my court. I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church going together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to the prophecy, then they will form a image like unto the beast. Now things become serious. People don't know why why why Trump is going around everybody. Why? Why is doing all these thing to people even to Canadian? Can you imagine last time in BC the border between Seattle and uh and Vancouver all that place people used to driving normally you want to go to United States you just show your passports and you pass that's all they say on the news they block the way you need to have a secondary you know when they put you on secondary that mean you are in trouble I have a Nexus card. How many people have a Nexus card? Nexus card mean you have a access in the airport. You are someone they trust 100%. I can forget my passport at home. I'll just take my Nexus card, go to the airport. They don't I don't need to to take off my shoes. I don't need to take my jacket off. I don't need to take off my laptop. Nothing. I will go through and there's a special line for Nexus people. People can be thousand on the line. They will wait there. But when you have a nexus card, there's a special place. So there are people special in the wall. They make the line for them. So when you come, you're not stopping. You just go straight. They don't take your shoes, jacket, laptop out. No, you go straight. But when I was making the application this time just to let them know that I'm coming to you to to America, they say, "Can you confirm that it's you?" Say, "But you have it on my on your data." They say, "Yes, but we need the selfie from you." Say, "This is the way it's coming now." They said, "No, no, you still have your privilege. Everything's nothing changed just to make sure it's you." I say, "Why?" because they say this is a new law in the United States of America. Can you imagine the way the United States is stretching Canada? Canada. They call it the mother of the the they the children of the same mother. Canada. Trump said no more things are changed. Why is changing everything? Not only Canada, even Mexico, he changed everything. China, Europe, the world is in trouble. They say why we vote for this man. Why? Everything is in the prophecy. Thus says the Lord and tell you the truth. Church of God will be dropped together. The real true believer out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyisterian, Pentecostal, Nazaran, pilgrim, holiness, what'sever they will be will go together and cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. all the believer and I not think and swallow him mining will be cast to one side. They go right on into the confederation of churches. 88 and ants mean you're talking about something and you need to add something also important and I are real I read the other day even the assembly of God went into the confederation of churches oh my have to deny their evangelistical doctrine to do so that's Right? And all they Pentecostal sign and wonders principle they have to deny that to be in the confederation of churches have to deny it. Oh brother to have a privilege. The United States of America they say you don't need to bring a passport anymore in the airport. You don't need to bring the tickets, flight tickets. No. There is a system. They're calling face program. They have your face in the system. You don't need passport. You don't need You just go through to the airport. There's a special place. They they will just scan your first and you go to the airplane. That's all. You don't need passport. They have all your information. I read and I have said many times, lay on my stomach and drink branch water and eat soda crackers and be popular with God and to be his servant of God than to have the best there is this world givers. inherits to compromise of any fa my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and his Bible. I believe this is a fireable word of God and every word of his is right. Yes sir. Why I'm reading all these things? Why I'm telling you those things? I didn't make it by myself. I read and you are tested. You are my witness. Is thus sayith the Lord. Since 1933, brother was talking about those things. So what is the important of these things in our means? Time is coming tough. Nothing will be good anymore. Nothing. Don't think change things will be better. Nothing will be better. And the reason why I send the message to the White House, I send it to Kamala Harris by herself. I say that was before she become the president of United States of America. Before that I sent her a message to say you will be the first woman president of United States of America. They say how you know that because she's just became the vice president. When you become the first president of the United States of America, remember brother Brham gave seventh vision and the last one I said to them don't say brother Joshua did you say that? Yes. I told them Russia will burn United States is thus sayith the Lord it will happen. It doesn't matter why configuration how the the they the coming together to do all things is will it will never change anything. I want just to make it clear when brother Brown talking about the Russia is not talking about the president of the Russia. No, the one who will be the president of Russia on his time is the one who send all these atomic bomb in United States. So what is the important of these things for us? Brother say all the believer in the world not in the church. That one you can see some Catholic people they believe in the message they trust the message. You will see Pentecostal people they believe what can happen. God himself he will bring everyone together in one accord. They will believe everything the prophets say in love. That one you need to love your brother. You need to love your sister is a part of the prophecy. Make clear those events. You can see how people had become enemy hating one another for nothing. for nothing. I give you the testimony and even the sister she's here but she didn't know that I will say about that and she not even imagine I will say that we were to bad berry house we was talking and the sister was saying it's just part of the story she was just talking nothing special and she said for me sometime they call me for emergency See they say we need people at work. We need you to come please. So I say it's okay I can come even Saturday. So I'll go to work and when I come back home I'm tired. It's a body. I'm tired. So I need to sleep and woke up in the morning Sunday to go to the church is tough. But because I love my god I will make it. It become a sacrifice. That mean you are not free. You are tired. The body is tired. But you make it sacrifice to go to worship your God. And she didn't know when she was testifying. She was saying sometime I wake I'm just come to the church from work straight to the church. Just go home and fix kids arrange something and then come to church. My heart was burning. I said Lord forgive me. What I call sacrifice for me is not even sacrifice for other people. They're coming straight from work to the church. The body is tired. She didn't even sleep from work straight away to the church. Sister, do you believe now and again? You remember that? Amen. She didn't know about that. She remember just now in the church. She said that but for me become a testimony. For me become encouragement. So you you making something for the Lord, you can make it more for your God. You singing but you can make more for your God. You serving the Lord, you can make more for your God because this is the end time. Brother Abraham said all the things will happen in the end time where we living now brother make it your first thing to do in your life. You was coming to the church. Make it more. You was praying. This is not the time you can sleep. You need to pray now. It's normal to the world. People are driving. They didn't know exactly as it was in the time of Jesus. The Lord's your father, your God, your master who was with you, preaching you three days. You can't even see him. You not even recognize him. And he talking to you. Listen, sometimes Jesus will come and ask you, "Oh, you think is it true?" He said to them, "Oh, what are you talking about?" Did you think Jesus didn't know that? They're talking about him and he was there, but he's still asking them, "What are you talking about?" They say, "Oh, are you the holy one in Jerusalem? Did he know about what's happening three days ago?" You say, "What's happening?" Jesus asking means disciple what's happening. They say they're talking about Jesus, the one we we believe he was the Messiah. We believe he was the master. We believe he come to free Israel. We believe. But now he's dead and they kill him. Now we hear from woman. You know women are diff different with men. That is the secret of marriage. I'm I'm 17 years in the marriage. I was so young when I was married. People was asking me why you are so young what are you why because you have a money or you want to marry why stay wait don't rush you have a more time cuz I was on the 20th 20 I didn't reach 30 when I was married for whom when they get news in few minutes you will hear that even in United States you will hear it immediately it was already spread everywhere They say the woman they went to the sea and they they didn't saw Jesus but someone tell them and Peter and John they say are you serious we are the leader of the church how is appear to you just a you're just a woman so why I appear to you they say he even call me by my name Mary so we need to go to check to make sure if is it true. When they arrive, they think was real, but they didn't see Jesus. They didn't see Jesus. He just called Mary by the name. But when Peter was there with John, he didn't show up to say, "Peter, okay, now you are here." Because I was talking just to those ladies. Now you are here, Peter and John. So I will talk to you nothing. God can re reveal himself to who he wants. He enter message God reveal himself to William Mariam Brham. He can give this prophecy to someone else but he said no I will give it to the small group. They will know the modern event are made clear by the prophecy. People don't know what's happening. They say is a news is a part of reality. Things are going on everything. But for you, you know is a prophecy. So what can happen now? Things are changed. You need to pray more. You need to read the Bible more. Even is not this Bible. You can read it in on your phone. Read it. Read it. Pray. This is not the time to joke. That one the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a very important. By the way, brother say the baptism of Holy Ghost normally we get it when you went to the water. When you get it from the water, you come out. That is the moment you be filled with the Holy Ghost. That is the first condition. If you miss, your confession was not right, then he will baptize you when a ministers preaching or when they lay their head on you to receive the Holy Ghost. That is another condition. But the baptism of the Holy Ghost is just the beginning of the Christian life. It's just the beginning. That mean you are born in the body of Christ. So now you need to start walking. It doesn't mean that when you have a Holy Ghost, you're not going to sin. It will happen because you're still a baby. For baby from here to walk there is a is a is a sacrifice. It will fail many times to reach there. But for you it become a normal. Why? Because you grow in the spirits in your life. When you reading the Bible, you will hear the Lord speaking to you. I'll give you a few testimony before I close. That is not the Bible. Is not the message. Now I'm talking about me. Why I believe brother Brham with no [Music] hesitation even if brother Brham say that we found it the message can one day we will start walking by the hand not by the foot I will say amen I don't know how can happen but if he say that I will say amen can Can you imagine how people become a naked in this world? You can't even sometime in my life there's a three place I always go three. If I'm not at work, I will be in my house. If I'm not in my house, I'll be at church. That's all. At least I go with my family. We go somewhere. The sin sin is everywhere. You can't even you close your eyes you can hear the sin is everywhere. I was saying I want to close one day last uh holy communion we had in the church I was praying. So I come to sit on the face where my daughter she is now. She's my my my pretty daughter. She was playing piano in in Lech Bridge. She said, "Brother Joshua, I can't play." I said, "No, no, no. I'll pray for you. You play nicely like your father." She said, "I don't think so." I said, "Can I pray for you?" She said, "Yes." Okay, I pray for her. She was the keyboard player in Leedbridge. Now, are you playing still now? Okay, thank God. That's good. So I was sitting there first of all I was sitting down there and I say okay let me move so I can help brother to organize things in the service. When I finish, I sit on this place and I hear something telling me, "Go back to your seat." And I went to sit back and I was waiting and I see the brother was next to me. I was hope we will do the service with him. After a few minutes there was there was another brother in this line who called the brother say brother can you do foot wash with me and the brother say yes I say oh no I'm I'm leaving I'm I'm alone now and the lord told me someone will come to you and you pray for him only for two things not three because sometime we mixing prayer but if you ask lord lord what can I pray for my brother or for my sister. What can I say? The Lord told me, "You pray only for two things." And I say, "Okay, but I don't know the person." And later when I saw brother Peter, he come to me say, "Brother, are you do you have someone to do the foot wash?" I said, "No, brother." He say, "Okay, you do it for me, so we'll do together." I say, "Okay, thank you." So, we come to do the food. That was a normal service. When I start praying the things the Lord told me to pray for my brother. But before even that I say the Lord told me pray for brother Peter for the house and for the car. I said I know brother Peter. I know him. I know brother Peter. I have a car and he have a house. The Lord say that what I'm asking you to pray for. Sometime the Lord can wake up you at the night. That's what I want to tell you the truth. Sometime the Lord can make you wake up at night and he's pushing you to pray and the first things coming to your mind if he's your brother pray for him. If is your sister pray for him. The Lord knows why. And when we start praying with brother Peter, when I finished to pray, brother Peter said, "Brother, you didn't even know what was going on in my life. The thing you pray, this is exactly what I was looking for. I have this this this this situation. I was asking the Lord as you pray, I believe everything will happen." But it's true. It's true. The other thing is happening today. I was in the office. I was asking even before brother Barry asked me to preach. I was say Lord what can I preach? He said preach about this this this. In my office, I see brother John who come to me. I said, "Brother, can you ask the song leader to sing this song before I come to preach?" He said, "Brother, he just come." He said, "Brother, you don't know what you're talking about. That is a exactly what I was preparing myself to do." So, this is a confirmation from God. When the prophet says something is always be true events more than events make clear by prophecy. So that mean you need to have more love for now brother. If you have to go get married go to get married. You need a job go get it. Soon we will leave all these things. We are marching to Zion. It's not a story anymore. Is but does say the Lord. We're going home. You have a business, make a plan, do it because we're going soon. You want to buy a house, buy it. We're going soon. Don't lose your time. I read what the Bible says and what the message say. events made clear by the prophecy. Sometime the Lord is speaking to us. Stand up and say amen. You hesitate. You miss your blessing. The Lord says clap your hands. You you hesitating. How many time when you was in the world you are screaming when you watching soccer or something like this? How many time how many time when he was in the party you was dancing you was enjoying you was free to do everything. What about your God? You're feeling shame in the house of your father. You are not feeling free not even to say amen to the words. This is the time if you have to say amen to say it more. If you have to pray pray more. We going home, my brother and my sisters. The Lord is coming and we need to prepare. Make sure you have a Holy Ghost. Make sure you have it because if you pass away, that will be the end. I saw rich people, billionaire, when they pass away, he didn't even take $1. They don't want even to put it in his pocket. They don't want to give him his money. But he's the one who suffer, no sleep, working so hard to get this money. And now when he pass away, they keep all the money. They don't want even to give him. Not even $1. This world is I don't know how can I say that not even to to not even coins just to say you make more so sacrifice to make this money you keep this one on your coffee there you can go nothing they say we keep everything and if you make mistake when you signing all your paper in the bank they will catch all your money they will keep it. You will go to the foundations and organizations, they will say because you didn't sign this paper. Make sure when you signing a paper in the in the banks or financial institution, make sure you know the person after you who can get that money. Why the world become so crazy? This is the end. Love your brother and your sister. Brother say all the believer will come together. That's when you see people division everywhere. People things are going mess in the world because the prophecy say only the few people will take serious the will of God. Only few people will take it serious because this modern events are made clear by the prophecy. Brother and sister, what do you want the Lord to do for you? What do you need more? What do you need from God for your Christian life? What do you need? Pray more, read more the word, be close to God. That is what we need on this time. Can you stand up? So we will pray. I want you to pray. I'll call the musician. I want you to pray for your your your desire, your heart desire. That one I didn't ask the church to pray. No, I want to make it to the end. That must be your desire, your prayer. Now that will come from your heart. What you need from God. Let's close our eyes. God knows what you need but he want also you to speak to him when brother playing this the music. I'll ask you to pray for what you need your heart desires. If your life is not close to Jesus, the way you was praying before hours in the presence of the Lord, you was reading the Bible, but now is no more. You was praying by yourself, spending time with the Lord. Why did you stop the pressure of the world? things with the world that is stopping you to [Music] pray. Where are you now with your God? How are you feeling shamed to worship God? Why are you feeling shamed to say amen to the words? Why you feeling shamed to read the Bible, to read the message? [Music] Now you have a free [Music] minutes to say to God what is your heart [Music] desire. Let's pray together now. Say to Lord what you need. Pray to God when the musician they are playing. telling me what you need. God, I need you more than myself. Father, as I'm standing here, I pray Lord, help me. Help me, Lord, to be close to you like before where I was able to pray more. Lord, the thing of the world is stopping me to pray more, to spend more time with you. Lord, I ask you to forgive me. Father, be merciful to me. But when we can see the prophecy, it make clear those events. We was here in the world, we didn't know that it was already a prophecy. But now we know Lords is coming soon. Soon we going home. Soon we leaving this world. Father I pray be merciful to me. Be merciful to me Lord. Help me to be close to you. Help me to read more Bible. Help me to pray. Help me to live a Christian life every way in the church, at work, every way. Father, thank you for the message. Thank you for the message. Thank you for sending a prophet and those events become clear by the prophecy. We thank you Lord in Jesus name. How many people would like that I can pray for them? Brother Joshua, I need a prayer. Let me see your hand now. Father, I put also my hand up because I need you too for my life, Lord. The pressure of the world, things of the world, pressure of everything we see in the news. Father we pray help us Lord to be close to you to read more Bibles to read more the message to pray more than anything else and to put you first in everything. If someone didn't have a Holy Ghost Lord I pray could baptize him with the Holy Ghost in the mighty name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. If someone who forgets to come close to you, I pray Lord bring him back in Jesus name. Those who are sick, oh Lord, you are the healer. Heal them in Jesus name. Those who have want to travel, Lord, be merciful to them. those who want to be closer to you again, help them in Jesus name. Father, we thank you and we surrender this week in your hands. We know that the devil is not happy. He will continue to fight us because the prophet say this world is the Eden of Satan. There's a Satan who control the world is Satan who control everything in this world. And we pray Lord be with us. Protect us. Keep us by the blood of Jesus Christ. Bless this week. As tomorrow we celebrating Victoria Day, we pray Lord be with us. People will drive terrible. People will drink, people will do whatever. And there was there will be mess up everywhere as they always be in the TV, in the radio, in the news, everywhere. Lord, protect even your servant. Where is it? In Edmonton, protect him when we come back with the family. And I pray for our brothers in Leed preach. Be with them also, Lord. And we pray for all the sense in the world. Keep us safe. You know our heart desire. Lord grant it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. And I think God willing I will see you again soon. So I would like brother Paul to come to take the service back when we singing like a few song before we [Music] finish. Say God bless you to your brother. Say God bless you to your sister. Soon I will see you again. [Music] [Music] Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless thee now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, blessed be thou my savior. I come to thee. 1052 Word of [Music] God. Holy word, long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the ancient words impart. Word of God, ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Maybe bow with me as we close in prayer just before we sing the next verse. Father, we just thank you this morning, Lord. We know that certainly that the prophecies have made your word come to pass, Lord, and we've we've seen it clearly, Lord, for all these years. But Lord, as our brother has reminded us of the lateness of the hour, it's just certainly been amazing to see how you've brought even things Lord prophesied in 1933. We've all been watching those things, realizing they're they're just around the corner. And here they are, Lord, happening right around us. We thank you, Lord, that our eyes have been opened, Lord. As we started this this this service with a song, Lord, we're we're we're blessed, oh God. We are so blessed to have the eyes of our hearts enlightened according to Ephesians, speaking that, Lord. Father, would you take the word, Lord, anchored in the hearts of each one. Lord, we we've been called upon to to step a little higher, Lord. You you you said that through your servant this morning, Lord. May each of us just examine ourselves, Lord. I know myself, oh God, your br your prophet talked about the bride's revival. Lord, we desire the trash to be pushed out of our lives and for you to take more precedence, Lord, in every area of our life. May we take the word of God with us, that beautiful word of God, that it's the only thing that'll change us, Father. May we take it with us as a shield from every snare as well. Oh God, each one that's here this morning, may you bless them, Lord. If there's someone that's got questions, Father, may you answer. Lord, you said to cast our care upon you because you care for us. Lord, I think that's just such a paradox. Why would you, the God of the universe, want the cares of all of us? And Lord, it's it's it's the way you are. It's your attribute. You love us that much, oh God, that you want us just to cast our care upon upon you, Lord. May we do that through this week, Lord. May we look to you, the author and finisher of our faith. Lord, you're so wonderful and we want to give you the glory, the honor, Lord, even through our lives. May our lives represent your word living itself through us, Lord. And we so we're so thankful that we have the word of God in us. We have the faith of God in us. Lord, it's living through us. May you grant grace to each one here that's gathered this morning. Bless them as they go their ways. Lord, as our brothers even prayed for journeying mercies for our pastor and his family, Lord, all of us as we go, we know how quickly just a just a a flick of a steering wheel can make such a difference. We can be in a real bad spot, Lord. Father, protect each of us, Lord, as we travel home. We'll give you the glory for it, Lord. We love you. We appreciate you. We love each other, Lord. And we thank you for your precious word this morning. Grant these mercies we pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Second verse. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us go in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Isn't that great news? For word of God, it's ever true. is changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oh word of God ever true. God bless you. It's changing me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] wheel. Hey You [Music] feel you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
