################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025-06-22E - Communion Service - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    2025-06-22E - Communion Service
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Communion Service
Duration: 1h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLL2WwaCv6c
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Sunday, June 22nd 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Peace. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Welcome once again this evening washing always a special service says happier if you do these things and I always leave this service happier than what I certainly thank the Lord for that I thank the Lord for years to year I to see his glorious truth as I know you do as well God bless you this this evening and start with singing above all powers thinking about this night before the Lord was crucified thinking that just preparing for the songs, how somber that evening was. And he washed the disciples feet, gave the wine, gave the bread. It was a somber night. They had no idea what they were about to walk into, but he knew that he loved us despite all of that. He washed, he humbled himself. Here we are tonight commemorating that and honoring that. He said, "If you love me, keep my commandments." We are doing that tonight. Above all powers, above all kings, crucified, he laid there for you and I. Well, above all powers, above all kings, above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom, and all the ways of man, [Music] before the world began. Oh, you were crucified. You were laid behind that stone. You live to die. Rejected and clothed like a cross. trampled on the ground. You took control and you thought of me above all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, above all, above all, above all wonderers the world has ever known. above all wells and treasures of the earth. There's no to me what your worth. Oh Lord, you are crucified. You laid behind that stor. You live to die. rejected and Lord like trampled on the ground. You turn the world and you me. [Music] Oh, you were crucified. [Music] You were laid behind that stone. You live to die. rejected and the Lord like rampled on the ground. You took the fall and you thought of me above all what love you had for us. Oh, you were crucified. You were laid behind that stone. You live tonight. Rejected and alone. [Music] Trampled on the ground. You took the fall. in front of me. Above all, one more time as you stand. Oh Lord, you were crucified, [Music] [Applause] laid behind that stone. You live to die. rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took me and you thought of me. You took the fall and you saw me [Music] above all. You are beautiful beyond description. You don't keep changing. You are beautiful beyond desription to marvelous for. Oh, you're too wonderful for comprehension like nothing ever seen or heard? Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depths of your love? Oh, you are beautiful beyond description. Majesty in ro. [Applause] And I stand. I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. Oh I stand in awe of brother B we come. Oh you are crucified. Leave behind that stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like trampled on the earth. You took me home and you thought me. [Music] Let us bow our hearts this evening. Oh Lord Jesus, above all powers, above all kingdom. Oh Lord, you were crucified because of me. Oh Lord. Yes. Oh Lord Jesus, when we think of ourselves, we will not know how can how we can be saved. Lord, but if knowing you, when we know you, Lord, we don't even know how can we be lost. Oh Lord Jesus, we're so thankful unto you that we know you Lord. We are with you. We are in you. You are in us, oh Lord. How can we be lost when we know you, oh Lord Jesus, with our flesh, with our spirit, oh Lord Jesus, we cannot be saved by our own merits, Lord. But you have elected us, oh Lord, before the foundation of the world, oh Lord Jesus. Oh, we thank you, oh Lord. That that is an inalienable right, Lord. It was preached this morning, oh Lord Jesus. When you say it, Lord, because you are the king, it cannot be changed, Lord. It is in your word, oh Lord. We just claim for that promise. Oh Lord Jesus, help us, Lord. When we are sealed, oh Lord, we are sealed until our redemption. Oh Lord, we might be Lord uh thinking that we are not worthy. Yes, Lord, we are not worthy. But you put yourselves in our place, Lord. You became sin, Lord Jesus, so that we'll become the righteousness of God, Lord. That's the only thing we can be saved. That's the only thing we can be redeemed, Lord. And we thank you for that, Lord. Oh, Lord. Your crucifixion. We know we talk about resurrection, Lord. That is full justification because you we fully belong to you, Lord. You owned us completely, oh Lord Jesus. That's why you want us to be redeemed, Lord. And that's the only way we can do that Lord is to Lord help us to Lord to be uh uh at rest Lord Jesus knowing this Lord because we are free and we are free indeed Lord because of such sacrifice Lord. Oh God, we're so thankful unto you. We can gather like this, Lord. You gave us example, Lord, to to gather like this, Lord, to wash each other's feet, Lord, in humility so that we we can discern the Lord's body as well, Lord, with communion, Lord Jesus, because we belong to you, Lord Jesus. And oh Lord, we want to thank you, Lord. We're so grateful, Lord, for such revelation, Lord. It's not only partially revealed, Lord. is full revelation oh Lord of your word Lord that's where we stand Lord Jesus because your word even higher your than your name Lord because somebody else can use your name but it's not if it's not according to your word Lord it it's not effective Lord Jesus oh Lord help us Lord thank you Lord for for your direction Lord towards the full word Lord not partial word oh Lord we we just pray Lord that you will anoint brother Paul Lord Jesus Jesus and the musicians Lord as we wait for Burberry Berry to come Lord and Lord as we partake uh uh the communion Lord and even footwashing and hear all the testimonies oh Lord the testimonies are manifestations of your word in our lives Lord Jesus we want positive not negative Lord Jesus and we thank you for that all this we ask in the mighty name of Jesus Christ's name we pray amen Thank you. Wonderful prayer. Just a wonderful atmosphere this evening. Have your seats if you would. On the cross crucified, rejected for you and me. That song crucified just embrace me. He was crushed. But as we know it, Rose can only have that fragrance when it's crushed. My goodness was crushed for you and I. recipients of his divine grace. Blessed be his name. On the cross crucified will on the cross crucified. In great sorrow he died. The giver of life was he. Oh yet my Lord was despised and rejected of men. This Jesus of Calary. [Music] Oh he was wounded for our trans. Oh, he was refused for our redee. [Music] He bought our soul and by his righteous we are. Oh price for healing was made as those true stripes were made within high judment. [Music] how his suffering of course perfect healing for all this wonderful healer life. Oh, I was born before I turned to Oh, he was for our [Music] surely he brought our soul. And by his stripes we are came the leper to Christ saying surely I know that thou Lord has made me whole. He got what he wanted. Did he got what he expected? When his great faith was seen, Jesus said, "Yes, I will." Oh, and he touched him and made him clean. Aren't you glad to be clean tonight? Oh, he was for our trans for our redeemer. Thank you, Lord. Surely he glory soul. And by his stripes we are near. He has healed my sick soul. He made me free with and he do the same for you. Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. This king of man. [Music] Oh, he was moving for our transition. Oh fruit for our surely he our sorrow and by his stripes bring our was wounded for our transformation. Oh, he was bruised for our Oh, surely he our sorrows and Christ [Music] on Calary's hill of sorrow where sins [Music] would raise [Music] and raise a hope for tomorrow across our path. Oh, and I see a crimson stream of blood. Oh, it goes from Oh, and it's way [Music] over. And when we reach the Lord, when forever the rest of Grand [Music] will [Music] Oh, and I see a praise of love. I thank you, Lord. Oh, from Calary. Oh, and it reached the throne of God. I see glory. Oh yes, I see a crimson stream of blood. Oh, it came from and it's way of God and sings my soul. Oh myior God to thee. How could we not sing this? Oh, how great thou are, how great thou are. Oh, sings my soul. Oh my God to thee. How great thou [Applause] How great. Second, third verse, sorry. And when I go is not staring [Music] him to die. Oh, I still can't. He became sin for us. Oh, that Oh Christ. [Applause] [Music] Thank you my Lord. Thank you. He live and he died or to take away my sins. Everyone that sings my soulior [Music] [Applause] [Music] God to thee. Oh yes. How great. How great. [Music] My soul, my God to thee. Oh, how great are [Music] my soul, myior God to thee. Oh yes, how great thou great [Music] s my soul, my [Music] God to Oh, how great th [Music] How great thou great thou. How great [Music] [Applause] call our pastor. That was the last song. Sing the chorus once more as our pastor comes. I just couldn't get over that last that third verse. We'll sing that third verse again. [Music] My burden bearing impossible to but we we we receive it. We receive it gladly. Let's sing it again. I'm sorry got carried away. And I [Music] got his son to die. My spirit [Music] on the cross [Applause] [Music] and You take away my s [Music] my [Music] great How are you? How great are my soul, my God to thee. How great are [Music] the [Music] bless tonight? Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. An honor and a privilege to gather together with you and you have tonight. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that we can do this tonight together for us, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Even with the one that you knew was a devil. Father, you knowing all things, you pushed aside all of your and made yourself a servant, the king of kings, lord of lords, for our sake, that tonight we could follow your word. Father, tonight we just want to consecrate ourselves unto you, Lord. We pray that if there's any sin in our lives, Lord, any unbelief, Father, that you would just forgive us for it now, Lord, that we can approach your throne of mercy and grace in our time of need. Father, if there ever was a time of need in this world right now, Father, we pray that you would just minister to the hearts of your children tonight. That you would minister to the needs in their lives, Lord. Father, that you would just help each one of us, Lord Jesus, draw closer to you, Father, we pray that when we leave this service tonight, we would be able to say that we are closer than we've ever been to you before. Amen. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just want to commit the needs and the service into your hands now for your glory. Jesus Christ. Thank you. Have your Bibles tonight. I uh not going to preach long. I'm just going to say what the prophet said and move on to a very familiar scripture. I'm sure it's all very verse 14. Seeing then that we have a great high priest that has passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession for we have not and high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities but was in all points tempted like we are. And I would say this even to death. He was tempted in all points as we are even to death yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace. Amen. that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. May God add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated tonight. Tonight, I just feel my desire is that verse 16 would just be our testimony that we can come boldly before his throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help. Amen. in the time of need. And I can't I can't help but think that there has never been a greater time where we need help, where we have a need in our lives. There's so much uncertainty in the world, but we have more certainty of this word than we do of anything else that we have to contend with in this life. And sometimes we can get caught up in this life and forget that. Forget that we have one. I think it's so beautiful. Inalienable right, an inalienable promise. It is the grace of God that he has given us, his grace. We don't live under the law. Some choose to live under the law. And we know what happens when we do that. That brings death because there was a corner turned. And if we're still going straight when there was a corner turned, we've missed the turn. We've missed the point. But the point is for us is that we are living under grace. We are not living under under the law. Tonight we're here for a communion service, for a footwashing service. Two out of the three ordinances that brother Brandham talked about that the Lord gave us. He gave the end time church. There's water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. There's communion, eating the bread and drinking the wine, partaking and discerning of the Lord's body and footwashing, humbling ourselves before one another and recognizing that if the King of Kings would come and do that, come and perform the duty of a footwash flunky, how much more ought we be willing to do that to one another? And it's just tremendous when we see one another come out to a service like this because it's out of the ordinary. It really is out of the ordinary compared to what this world does. And it's amazing to think that we have the not only the ability to because everybody has the ability to, but we have the desire to. And you know, the word says that happy are we when we do this. And you all know full well that's why you're here tonight that after this service we feel like we could fly. We feel like we are energized like we have a new a new experience like something happens to us. We have another word cell upon word cell in our hearts. It's just amazing what happens from these services. And I just want to encourage us. I don't want to discourage us. I want to encourage us that we have the greatest promise that was ever given to this world and that is eternal life. And you know the second promise outside of that, brother Brham said full well is our spouse. That is the greatest thing that God could give us outside of our salvation. That's what he told us. It's just amazing. and uh you know he he never ever fails to uh to satisfy if we give him the opportunity. Tonight I have one quote that I want to read. It's out of the final message that brother Brandham ministered before he went off the air. You know he said that before we go off the air in 1965 in the preaching of the invisible union of the bride, his thanksgiving message. Before we go off of the air, he had something else he wanted to say, and we've already read it last time, that you are the sinless, virtuous, spotless bride of Jesus Christ. That it's like you never did it in the first place. And then he goes on to say that you never did do it in the first place, that you were tricked into it. It's the devil that did it. We never did it, but yet the devil wants to try and make us feel like we have done it. It's almost like the Now I could get a little bit political and some people might get a little upset by this, but if we talk about the Aboriginals in this land in Canada specifically, somewhere along the way, somebody came and took the land away from them and claimed it for their own. And and now there is a whole entire thing set up with treaties where people are are are paying what what do they call it? Apparitions. I can't remember the proper word for that. But for for the sins of the forefathers, now the people today are taking a burden financially and giving it to the people who aren't even the recipients of someone stealing their land. Nobody stole their land today, but yet people today are paying money out of their pocket as taxpayers for something that they never did. I'm trying to draw a parallel here to think that we never sinned. The devil is the one that sinned. The devil is the one that came into the Garden of Eden. Adam and Eve are the ones that actually caused the situation and caused everyone else to have to live in the environment. And I get it that we're living in the environment here. But we never did it. Neither did the people who are receiving the payment. They never did it either. It was other people that did it. But we can choose to celebrate the fact that people did do that and they did us wrong. Or we can choose to celebrate that we are together and that we're alive and that we can share this land. But as humans, that will never be the case in this world. It's just the way the world is, human nature. But talking about it spiritually, we never did it in the first place. When we are that sinless, spotless, virtuous bride of Jesus Christ, the one that he chose in him before the foundation of the world, we never did it in the first place. And it just breaks all of the paradigms. It gives us a free pass almost to think that you you you many times we get into trouble in our lives, but you know, you never did it. The children are loving it right now. You never did it in the first place. The devil did it. You were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come in the world speaking lies. Every single one of us had to go through that. But we have to learn how to function in this world. And the greatest function that we could ever get in this world is to surrender our lives to Jesus Christ. out of the message communion in 1965. As brother Brham goes off the air, he begins to explain this. This is the very last message that he preached before he drove back to Jeffersonville, Indiana, and got into the car accident over in Texas. He says, "Now over now, the 23rd verse of the 11th chapter of the first Corinthians, listen at Paul now. Now remember and keep this in mind. Galatians 1:8, "If we or an angel from heaven preaches any other gospel unto you, than this gospel that he had preached, let him be accursed." See, so he goes on to preach now to read the scripture here. For I have received of the Lord that which I also delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had gave thanks, he broke it, said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." Now, let me stop right here to say, but taking the body of the Lord Jesus Christ in this communion does not mean that that communion is the literal body of Christ. That's Catholic. I do not believe that that's right. I believe it's only an ordinance that God made with us. See, it isn't the actual body. It's now it's really a little piece of kosher bread. It's just an ordinance. Neither do I believe that the baptism of Jesus Christ in the name of Jesus Christ in water does forgive your sins. It doesn't forgive your sins. Brother Barry's going to jump in and say that is an outward expression of the inward work that's taken place. We recognize that the word of God says that we ought to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So, we go ahead and we do that because it's an instruction from the Lord. That's part of his will. Talking about this bread and the body, discerning the Lord's body is what's happening when we're taking that little piece of kosher bread. We're discerning that the Lord's body was broken for our sake, for that dual covenant. His body was broken. His bones weren't broken. His body was broken. And we know that his body was almost broken to the point where he gave up the ghost before he even made it to the cross. But yet, he still understood that we needed a high priest. So he continued to bear that cross not for his sake, for our sake. But he goes on to say here, neither do I believe that the baptism of Jesus Christ in the name of Jesus Christ in water does not does forgive your sins. I do not believe that you I believe that you could be baptized all day long. Now, here's one thing that brother Brandham says. It's not right here in this message, but he says people can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every hour of their life and still go to hell. That's a very confusing statement and I think it's really important. I'm just going to say it and I hope we can get some questions because we're still looking for questions so that we can bring answers. Don't be bashful. Write your questions down and uh and we'll address them. But how can that possibly be? Some people can actually be uh under the anointing of the Holy Ghost every hour of their life is what brother Brham is referring to, but not actually go all the way past Kadesh Barnea. Not to step past that and say, you know what, I believe that we can take the land because he said we can. Sometimes people will look at it and say, you know, I'll come right up to that line and see that there is a promised land and see that there's fruit over there and see that everything is good exactly like we've been promised. That's what the type is of Kadesh Barnea and the 12 spies that went over and the 10 that said we can't do it and and brought an evil report to the children of Israel to the church of the living God. But two of them stayed with the word. That was the difference. Caleb and Joshua, they stayed with the word of God. the word from the vindicated prophet in their day. They stayed with that word and they were able to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They went over into the promised land along with everyone else that believed the way they did. We can be baptized all day long. He says, "Now, I know that there's perhaps people sitting here who come from the apostolic church, I mean, or the United Pentecostal church, which they teach that. But you see, I do not believe that the water forgives sins. Or if it was, then Jesus died in vain. See, I believe that it's only an ordinance of God. See, to show that you have been forgiven. It's a demonstration that you really believe. Amen. That's why we get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. But to be baptized for regeneration, no, I don't believe that. I don't believe that water forgives sins. Now, we know the Mormon church does exactly that. You can go and be baptized for people who have gone on and died ahead of you for regeneration. And that's not the truth either. But that's the way they believe their prophet brought it. And had their prophet actually brought them back to the word, he would be a true prophet. But that prophet brought another word. And that's where he became a false prophet. He goes on to say, "Neither do I believe that this bread and wine has anything to do with you, only keeping an ordinance that God has ordained for us to do." See, that's right. I believe water baptism is the same thing. I believe it's compelling to us to do it that he had done it for he had done it all for our example and he done this for our example and he washed feet for our example. Now after the same manner also 25th verse after the same manner also he took the cup and when he had sucked saying this cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as oft remember now, for as oft as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do shoe forth the Lord's death till he comes. You do. We demonstrate that we show forth the Lord's death. That he came and he died and he rose again for me. It becomes that narcissistic discussion again where it's all about me. It's all about my relationship with the Lord. I believe it, therefore, I do it. That's why I have to say I I I just don't understand it when people say that they do believe, but yet they don't come to communion service. I I I don't know. Alls I can say is I don't know. I don't know. For as oft remember now, for as oft as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord show forth the Lord's death till he comes. How long? Until he comes. See, wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. Now, I understand there's some people that maybe they're bent out of shape and they just can't deal with the situation. So, they don't come to the church and have part of communion service because they know that they're actually going to be doing it unworthily. But I think there comes a time where we need to actually deal with the circumstance and the situation so that we can do it worthily. We can't just not do it. We have to find a way. And I know that we've got a high priest Amen. He's passed into the heavens. So let us hold fast our profession. Do we believe or not? He goes on to say, let me stop just a minute. The reason he said this, you notice in another verse here, another chapter that he said, I understand when you come together, you're eating, even getting drunk at the Lord's table. They misunderstood it. You see, they just gluttoned in. See, just like people are doing today. Just live any kind of life and take it. See, he said, "You got homes to eat in." See, but this is an ordinance that we should keep. See? And now I've had people say to me, the other end of the spectrum is uh I've had people minister to me that perhaps I should not let children come to the table. And you know, I want to say this, the pastor ought to have uh uh an idea of what's going on with the sheep. I understand that. But really, the pastor of the home is the one who's in charge. If a child has been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and they understand the gravity of that ordinance, then I personally believe they're candidates for the Holy Ghost. And I don't necessarily believe that you have to have the Holy Ghost to follow one of the ordinances of the word of God. Alls we have is an instruction. And if we're willing to follow the instruction, I guarantee you, brothers and sisters, that means that we if we don't have the Holy Ghost, we are well on our way to having the Holy Ghost. Because there's a lot of grown adults out there that claim to have the Holy Ghost, but can't follow all of the ordinances of the word. It's bizarre. It's almost like children when they want to get baptized for a parent to say, "Well, I don't know if they're serious. I'm just going to make them wait." Brother Brandham says, "When you do that, if they never decide to actually get water baptized again in their life, you will be held responsible for that because you prevented it." That's a a direct quote from the prophet. So, when a child wants to get baptized, we ought to make sure that we make a provision for them to get baptized. There's no age limit. There's no restrictions requirements. When we get into that sort of behavior, brothers and sisters, then we're getting into the law, right? Amen. And where are we going to live? Under the law or under grace. Personally, I want to live under grace. I don't want to go backwards. I want to go forwards. But I think it's very important. It's interesting to know that children have the ability to get the Holy Ghost. Children have the ability to partake of the Lord's table. If they have followed the instructions, then they ought to. I personally do believe that they should be baptized before they come and and discern the Lord's body, before they take the wine and the bread. As long as they've done that, I encourage the parents, let the Lord lead. If the child wants to do it, then I say, let them partake of it. But you're the one that has to answer for it. I can't say force your children to do it. Thus sayaith the pastor. It's the other end of the spectrum. The parents are the ones who lead their children. The parents are the ones who will give an account for the souls of their children. But he goes on to say they misunderstood it. You know those priests maybe he was able to see it in that day how the priests I I couldn't believe it. I thought it was kind of a joke. But you know it's it's a real thing. There's churches where the priest will actually give you the wafer, put it on your tongue, and then take the shot for you, and then pass it on. The next person, give you the wafer, and take the shot, and give you a wafer, and by the time they're done, they're drunk at the Lord's table. That's the ministry. Can you believe that? They misunderstood it though, Brother Brandham said. You see, they just gluttoned it in. See, and you know when we read this quote here, brothers and sisters, this just does something for me because this is the culmination of all of the years of ministry from the seventh angel messenger from the prophet for our age. This is a culmination message. The final words that he said recorded on tape, given to the church, they misunderstood it. You see, they just gluttoned it in. See, just like people are doing today. Just live any kind of life and take it. See, he said, "You got homes to eat in." See, but this is an ordinance that we should keep. Now, let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of the bread and drink of the cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. See, what are you? You're a Christian. You live before everybody as a Christian. And if you take that and don't live as a Christian, you're not discerning the Lord's body. Here's the key, brothers and sisters. This is the culmination of the entire message spoken. I think this is it in a in in a nutshell, the message of the hour. If we behaved ourselves like we're Christians in the church, but then go out and do something else other than behave like we're Christians outside of the church, we're potentially casting a stumbling block in the road of someone that would think, "Finally, I've met someone who actually is a Christian, who is a true genuine Christian in this world." But when they see something like that happen where we behave unseemingly, where we maybe do a dirty deal and maybe we say something, maybe we just act in a certain way, whatever it is we do, we could be casting a stumbling block in front of that person, keeping them from coming to the Lord's table. You're putting a stumbling block in someone else's way. See, as they see you trying to do that and then not living what you're supposed to live. See, you're not discerning the Lord's body. Now, watch watch what what it what the curse of it is. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. And he says here, the right translation of that word, brother Perry, is dead. See, many are dead. But yet, come to church and take of communion. Brothers and sisters, I want to say tonight, we need to do this with all sincerity. And I know that I'm probably preaching to the choir because these are the people that came to the communion service. Maybe I should have preached this in the morning service. And maybe next time I will do that because I think it's important. It is important. Sometimes when you see people, they're continually sick, continually sick, continually sick, you got to wonder why. I remember having a conversation with my pastor about that very same topic. Why are they continually sick? What's going on in their life as believers? Maybe sometimes they're actually supposed to bear that cross. Maybe. But we did actually have a Lord that came and took 39 stripes. Not for our salvation. That wasn't for our salvation, brothers and sisters. That was for our healing. And the healing right here and now, not over there, not in the millennium. That's for our healing in this body. But he says here, "For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep." The right translation is that they're dead. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. And I think that's the beautiful thing when we gather together like this. We gather in all sincerity. And if we don't gather in all sincerity, I want to encourage you right now. Get sincere. Make sure there's nothing hanging in your heart. You don't have any aught against a brother or a sister. There's nothing in your life left undone that you could fix. Sometimes there's things in our lives that we've done that we can't fix. God knows our heart. If we could fix them, we would. I know. I can I can witness that myself. But if we would judge ourselves, we won't be judged. If we come to this communion table with all sincerity in our heart, God's not going to judge us. If we say, "Look into my heart, Lord. Search me and try me." Just like Brother Brandham said, "Search my heart and try me." at the beginning of the invisible union of the bride when he prays for the brother that passed away. Search my heart and try me. And some people might say, well, it's pretty easy for God, the prophet of God, to say that. But we know that he was a sinner saved by grace just like everyone else. He was a man of like passions just like everyone else. He understood what it meant to be a red-blooded male. That's why he put a cross hanging from his mirror. He said so that when his eyes would get caught going across the road, it would stop dead at that cross and he would say, "Lord, forgive me. Thank you, Lord, for what you've done for me, for the delivering power that I have through your cross." But if we would judge ourselves, we won't be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. His word chasens us. Why does it chasen us? because we're sons. If his word doesn't chasen us, then we're bastard children. We're not sons and we're not daughters. And I think it's so incredible when we can allow the word to wash us. When we can allow the word to chasen us sometimes we need it, but when it happens, we're able to just crawl up into daddy's lap and hear that he loves us. That's why he chasens us because he loves us. The father that won't chasen their child doesn't love them. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for the other. See, if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together unto condemnation, and the rest I will set in order when I come. Now, Brother Brandham, he says this here. Now, in other words, don't just come take it. As I said a while ago about what the Jews, their sacrifice, it was wonderful. It was given by God, but it got to a place where they didn't do it in sincerity and reverence and in order. Then it become just it become a stench in his nose. If we're not sincere coming to this table tonight, it's a stench in his nose. And I can't help but think if we are not sincere in our hearts, sincere enough to come to the table, to claim Christianity and not come to the table, it's a stench in his nose. We're casting a stumbling block into this world here. He goes on to say, "Now the same thing is by our coming to take the Lord's supper." That we must come knowing what we are doing. Just like when you go into the water to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you know what you're doing. You're putting on to the church what God has put in you. Not the message, not the messenger, but Christ. When we take this, it shows to the church that I believe every word of God. So beautiful. When we take this communion, it shows to every Christian that I believe every word of God. I believe that he is the bread of life that come from God out of heaven. I believe every word that he says is the truth and I live by it to the best of my knowledge. I love how he says to the best of my knowledge. He doesn't say to the best of my ability, right? Let's make sure we underscore that because there ain't nobody that's got enough ability to live it. And that's one of the biggest stumbling blocks for the children to think that all the adults are doing it by their ability. It's not our ability. It's his ability living out through us through our surrender by following his word. And if I and and I live it to the best of my knowledge, God being my judge. Therefore, before my brothers, before my sisters, I do not swear. I do not curse. I do not do these things because I love the Lord and the Lord knows it and bears me record. Therefore, before you, I take the parcel of his body to know that I am not condemned with the world. See, there you are. Then it's a blessing for those people that take it unworthily. And for those people that don't take it, it's a curse. But for those people that take it worthily according to his word with all sincerity, it is truly a blessing. And you know it. You know it, brothers and sisters. When this service is over, when we go home, there's something different every single time. It just feels so good. We feel like we could fly home. Everybody wants to fellowship. We want to spend more time. It's like we just want to sing more songs. It's amazing. Some people I know they just want to go home and they don't want it to be too long and I think it's just wonderful we can get together like this though. Brother Brandham goes on to say and remember I could give many testimonies on this where I've took that and explained it in a sick room and seen them healed. Remember when Israel taken the type of this, they journeyied 40 years in the wilderness and their clothes never even wore out and they come out without one feeble one among them with two million people as a type of this? Well, what will the antitype do? If the body of a sacrificial animal did that for them, what what would the body of Jesus Christ Emmanuel do for us? Two million people wandering in the wilderness for 40 years. No sickness, clothes not wearing out, every single need supplied at the sacrifice of an animal. Brother Brandham, he says, "What would the body of Jesus Christ Emmanuel do for us?" Let's just be reverent when we come. Let's just be as reverent as we know how to come. And I want to say that tonight, brothers and sisters, let's just be reverent, just as reverent as we know how to when we come to this table tonight. I think it's just amazing to look at this here. If you'll stand with me tonight as we change the order of the service. If you'll turn with me in your Bibles to 1 Corinthians. 1 Corinthians 11. Exactly the scripture that brother Brandham was reading in his very last message before he got promoted to glory. Verse 23 of 1 Corinthians chapter 11 says, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do shu the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. Let us examine ourselves tonight, brothers and sisters. Let a man examine himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. And for this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Let's just take a minute or so and just tar one for another. This is the opportunity to search our hearts and try ourselves before the Lord before we come to this table. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, tonight we come before your throne, Lord, with all sincerity. Lord Jesus, your throne. We come be before it, Lord, with boldness. your throne of mercy and grace, Lord Jesus, in our time of trouble, in our time of need. We come to you tonight, Father, with all sincerity. And we ask, Father, that you would search our hearts and try us, Father, that there would be nothing that would cause us, Lord Jesus, to eat or drink damnation unto ourselves. We pray that Lord you would help us to recognize the the gravity of this ordinance that you have given us. Lord that we identify with your death, burial, and resurrection every single time that we partake of this. We understand that it is an ordinance of you that it's an instruction from you, Lord Jesus. until you come, until you take us away. Father, until we see a body change, we will partake of this table. Father, tonight I pray that it would just be a blessing unto each one that comes and partakes of it. Father, be with those who couldn't be here tonight. Father, let it become a revelation to them. Father, be with those who are traveling wherever they are. Father, we just want to ask that you would bless them abundantly. Now, as we turn to this communion table, Father, we pray that you would be glorified in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I'll just invite the pianist and the brothers to come forward and we'll partake of the communion. Thank you Lord. Blessed be your name. [Music] Let's pray together. Our precious heavenly father, once again this evening, father, we want to take this opportunity to thank you for the words that even came before we come over here to partake this communion service. Father, as brother Barry just mentioned, sometimes we take things for granted and this evening, Father, it is my prayer for those that are not here this evening. Yes, Lord. to recognize this as an ordinance that is not light that they will have that revelation that any time the doors are open to have a communion service they can come together to partake this Lord. Yes Lord and for those that are here for their obedience Lord may you bless them. Yes, Lord. As they come over to partake this, Lord, may you bless each and everyone that is coming here. Amen. To take this bread. Father, as we just read this evening, it is not your literal body. But we know this is the bread that came down from heaven. Yes, Lord. That your children are going to take. Bless us all together, Lord. So that when we leave here, as we read again, we will be a happy people. Yes, Lord. knowing going home and feeling sad but be happy people. Amen. That we don't go and fall sick because your word just said evening that when we take this that is what we get from father now I pray over this bread as we are breaking it. May you bless it father for each and everyone that is coming to partake it for in Jesus name that we pray over this bread. Amen. Amen. Oh dear Lord and King, you deserve all the glory. You deserve all the honor. You deserve our praise and thanksgiving. And that is why we gather here. You have told us by your word that if we love you, we should obey your commandments. Yes, Lord. Every single soul gathered here is in obedience to your word. Yes Lord. Thank you Lord. Let that blessing be our portion Lord. Yes Lord. Father we come in humility in the simplicity of the word. We don't have to know all the ins and outs. Amen. I just believe with our heart that you have said it and we are obeying it. Yes Lord. Father even as we share this cup of wine together Lord. We pray that your blessing will be on us. Oh Lord. Yes Lord. That Father our health will be restored. Father that relationships will be restored. precious sake. Amen. That revelation will be will abound for every soul here. Father, we will leave here happy knowing that you have been with us. Amen. Because we have obeyed you. Father, let us understand all of these are part of our inalable rights, Father. Yes, Lord. Let your blessings be on your children, Father. We love and appreciate you, Father. Even as we bear, Father, vindicate your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen.
