################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - 2025-05-14 Bro. Barry - End of Days pt.2 - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    2025-05-14 Bro. Barry - End of Days pt.2
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaadHW-wIgk
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
Wednesday, May 14th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oo. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good evening, saints. If you please stand with me. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Oh, take up your cross each and every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you love me. Oh, stand up and follow me. Oh, stand up and follow Jesus. Stick up your shake up your cross and follow. Take up your cross and follow me. Oh, and take up your cross each and every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. follow him. Amen. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where there comes no. Oh, I imagine over there where we're free from toil again. I am going where the lamb is the land. Oh, there's a country, the story. Oh, there's a city where the name comes alive. When if we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. Oh, in the sea where the lamb is the light. Oh, in the sea where the lamb is the light. Oh, in the sea. I will mashing home where the [Music] for here we have our days of sunshine but we know that the sun which shines upon us now so Oh, we'll be shaking great until we go to the sea where the lamb is the light. Oh, in the sea where the lamb is the light. Oh, in the sea where they come with. Oh yes, I imagine going where the lamb in the bord. Oh in the sea where the lamb is the light. Oh my word. Oh my go where the lamb is the lion. Amen. If I can ask Toby if you can open your service in prayer. [Music] Let us pray. Dear father, we have once again heed at your command. He said, "Come unto me all ye who are heavy laden, Lord Jesus Christ. We know that as we go through the week, Lord Jesus Christ, we have needs in our lives, Lord Jesus, we have burdens, we have, Lord Jesus Christ, things that we want you to do for us there, Father. And that's why we are here, Lord Jesus Christ. And for many of us, Lord, all of us, I believe, Lord Jesus, if there's nothing at all is that we want to close our walk with you. We pray there Lord Jesus Christ that you use this service this entire service from the song service Lord to the preaching of your word Lord to meet every need Lord Jesus Christ that is represented here we are here Lord Jesus Christ father in obedience to your word and we know Lord there's always a reward for obedience there Lord those that are not able to be here tonight Lord Jesus Christ we pray Lord that you also send their blessings to them wherever they are Lord Jesus that they will not miss out Lord Jesus from that which you in store for us tonight. We pray Lord Jesus that you use your servant Lord in a mighty way Lord Jesus. Take him out of the way. Use his lips to bring the words of life unto us Lord. And at the end of this service, may we be careful to give you the thanks, the glory, the honor, and the praise. For in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You have your seats. There is none like you. Amen. And that all testimony that we all have that there's none like him. Amen. No one can do what our God can do. Amen. Oh, there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity and find there is life. Oh, there is life. No one else. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you. I can search. I can search for all. Mercy Lord and find there is like that miracle making God. Oh there is life. Oh, and things touch my heart like you search. Oh, I can search for all and see Lord and find one more time. Oh, there is light and pray God. Oh, and I change the way we are. I can search for all. worship you and find like you. Amen. Aren't we blessed this evening? Amen. Spirit of God, move. Oh, spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spare not an empty [Music] vessel so that you can come. Oh, fill me. Spirit of God. Oh, spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart and fill my heart. Oh, consume my mind. [Applause] our heart so that you look and feel the spirit of [Music] God righteous word in my And my word spirit of God and empty our [Applause] hearts so that you can come. Lord and favor. Just our voices when spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. When fill my heart, when consumed, consume my spirit of God. Oh yes. An empty vessel I want to be so that you can [Music] come Lord and fill me. Amen. Isn't that our desire this evening? He would move in our midst. Amen. Come where we are. That's our desire, Lord. Are you washed? [Music] Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you falling? Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We all [Music] sp you walking in by the Savior. [Music] Are you lamb [Music] Are you in the blood? Oh, [Music] I [Music] s resto in the blood of lamb. Oh, when the bright come your roy in the land. Oh, with your soul. Oh my [Music] in the night. Oh yes, I'm in the Oh yes, in the soul. Oh [Music] yes. Oh. Oh. In the soul. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] god spirit, that spirit of Christ. Amen. We desire that spirit. Amen. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead will dwell in you, oh dwell in you passing that [Music] Oh [Music] When is that spirit that is Christ? Oh dwell in you can do all things. Oh dwell in [Music] you that is stand with me. Oh dwelling. [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] sh one more time as we all stand. Oh, if that seems Oh, that is Christ. [Applause] [Music] Oh, Christmas. [Music] Oh my [Music] go. Amen. Amen. The last song, please. Josh, let me change the other [Music] service. Can we start uh the course? I give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. I stand alone. My life [Music] is our me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can I give myself away. Yes, Lord. I give myself away. for you. Take my heart. Take my heart. and see my life as [Music] a [Music] sacrifice and all [Music] my and all I stand for I give myself away. I give myself away. So I give myself away. Yes, Lord. I give myself away. You're vessels. Can you I give myself I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away. So you can let's call him I give myself away. I give myself. Let's create our atmosphere so we can commune with our creator. I heal myself away from just our voices. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. As brother Barry comes so you can I give myself away. Yes, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. And here I am. Here I stand, Lord. Where else would it be is in your his perfect plan? Lord, I'm longing to see your take my heart. Take my heart. Take my life. as a living [Music] sacrifice. Oh, all my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Amen. Happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Certainly an honor and a privilege to gather together. Amen. The elected Amen. the fork known before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother Seth. Certainly good to see you, brother. Brother Seth is going to be sojouring here with us for a few weeks while he does some schooling here in the city. Um, if you have a need tonight, we know who is listening and who is more than able to meet your needs. Before we bring our needs to the Lord tonight, we just have one request that was brought forward. And that request is that we bring a praise report. My favorite kind of request. Amen. It's from Sister Amy. and she says, "I'm excited and humbled to share a praise report. I've officially accepted a new role. This opportunity is a true blessing and a testimony of God's faithfulness, provision, and perfect timing. I'm so grateful for how he opened doors and guided each step of the process. Also, I thank the church for the support and prayers. I kindly ask for your prayers as I navigate new responsibilities. Thank you for standing with me in faith. I'm trusting God to go before me in every detail of this journey. All glory to him, Sister Amy. What a wonderful thing it is to be able to give him praise. All he's looking for is a complete surrender in our lives. Amen. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known to him as we go on to him in prayer. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful that we can come unto you, Lord, to know you as our father, Lord, to know you personally, not because we sought you, but you sought us. Father, and you bought us with a price, Lord Jesus. You You proclaimed us to be your inheritance. And Father, we recognize that. And here we are tonight. We stand in awe of you, Father. We're so thankful for all the provision, all of the many opportunities that you provide us in our lives, Lord. Father, we know there's not one opportunity that we have in our life that you didn't bring to us, that you didn't allow to happen. Yes. Amen. And Father, we recognize that and we give you the praise for it, Lord Jesus. Tonight, Father, we just want to thank you for this wonderful praise report from Sister Amy. Lord, yes. Amen. It's so amazing to be able to just come unto you and give you praise. We know that once upon a time there were 10 lepers that were healed of their leprosy, Lord. Nine of them ran away, but one of them stopped and turned and worshiped you and thanked you. And Father, we're so privileged to be able to do that tonight, to be able to worship you and to thank you for cleansing us, Lord, for healing us of our leprosy, of our unbelief. Lord, Father, tonight we pray that you would just be glorified with this praise report. that you would continue to bless Sister Amy, Lord, that you would lead her and guide her, Father. Navigate each and every step, each thought, each decision that she makes, Lord. Yes. Amen. And I know that she'll be careful to give you the praise. Lord, and Lord, we'll gladly stand with her. And tonight, we just want to remember each and every request made known unto you by the way of an uplift hand. Father, maybe just even an uplift heart. Father, we know there's many needs in our midst, Lord. Even unspoken requests. We know that you are more than able, Father. We know that the more complex the problem, the more you are able to deliver us. So, Father, we just thank you for meeting each and every need according to your riches and glory in Christ Jesus. We just ask now as we turn to the word, the highest order of the service, that you would have the preeminence, Lord, that you would speak to us, Father. Lord, that there would be something of encouragement for your children tonight. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Thank you, brother Daniel, for taking the song service tonight. Certainly wonderful to be in his presence. Amen. God bless you, brother Olu and Sister FY. It's good to see you back after contending with illness. And we're certainly thankful for the healing touch of the Lord. You turn with me in your Bibles again tonight over to Second Peter. We'll continue on with our discussion on election and how some can be chosen and some can be uh not chosen. Some chosen to be uh to be with Christ in in glory. Some chosen to be blessed and some chosen to be destroyed and to be damned. It's beyond our human comprehension as we have read. But you know tonight I'm just for time's sake I'm just going to read one verse out of second Peter. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 10 says wherefore the rather brethren give diligence to make your calling and election sure. Amen. For if you do these things ye shall never fall. Amen. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're just desiring tonight, Lord, to diligently make our own calling and election sure. And that's why we've gathered together tonight in your name, Lord. Amen. Many tired from working. Many tired from the the trials and tribulations of this life, Lord Jesus. But, Father, we've come to sit at your feet tonight one more time to hear the words of life. Amen. So, Father, we just invite you to speak to us, Lord Jesus. In the name of Jesus we ask. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. We are certainly thankful for this uh opportunity again to talk about election knowing that it is beyond our human comprehension. But we simply have to trust by faith that this is our calling. And uh you know for someone that might be wondering how do I know whether I'm elected of God or not? I would say do you love the word of God? Are you willing to surrender your life entirely to the word of God? And not just to the word of God per se in in a book form, you know, and maybe the King James version or the the New King James Version or the New International Version of Not just in the Bible, but and I'm not trying to belittle the Bible. But what I am saying is the magnification of the Bible through the message of the hour. Are we willing to humble ourselves in the sight of the Lord to that word? Are we willing to listen to the prophetic utterance that was given to this age? And you know if we are willing to humble ourselves in the sight of the Lord to the word and we are willing to submit ourselves and subject ourselves to this word then it shows in the life that we live. But if we live a life whereby we say that we claim the message of the hour and we say that we claim the entirety of the Bible, but yet we don't live a congruent life outside of our testimony, there's something wrong. And I think it's amazing because the truly elected will always always correct to the word of God. They will not deviate. They will not try and make excuses. They won't say, "This is the way we've been taught. this is the tradition. It's just where I find myself so I can't do anything about it. No, we will always humble ourselves in the sight of the Lord and that is to the word for our day. And we know that brother Brandham said that is truly the evidence of the Holy Ghost. He said at one time he had a conversation with brother Lee Vale the teacher and we know he was a tremendous teacher. He was probably the teacher for the age but the teacher does not usurp the authority of the vindicated prophet. Amen. That's not the way it works. The prophet is the highest order of the age. But brother Brandham said that he was having the conversation with brother Vale who was a theologian and he he said, "You know, brother Veil, what did you think? What do you think the the baptism of the Holy Ghost is? What what do you think that really is?" And they sort of talked back and forth. And Brother Brandham said, "Once upon a time," I said, "Well, it's it's true love. It it's it's the capstone ministry. It's love." And he said, you know, we went with that and we talked about it that way and we went forwards. But he said, it wasn't very long after that that God came and corrected that in my life. God came and corrected me, the vindicated prophet, and told me that it's not just love, that it's truly the ability to receive the word for your day. So, I I want to say this. I think it's so important. We can get a medication in a bottle. We can be given a prescription and uh prescribed by the doctor and and have an illness in our life and we can get that prescription but if we don't actually take it, if we don't take it and then consume it, what good is that medication going to do us? We can say all day long, I got the medication. It's right here. Look at my medication. You need some, too. You should get some medication. Right? But if we're not willing to drink it ourselves, what good is it? People don't want to actually take medication that we're not going to take ourselves. My but we know that the elected will. And I think this this scripture is so good. You know, wherefore the rather brethren give diligence to make your calling in election sure. When we can make our calling in election sure, then we can help others. It's kind of like in the airplane, you know, they say before you try and help other people, should the masks, in the unlikely event the oxygen masks fall from the ceiling, don't try and deal with other people, put your mask on first because if you can't breathe, you're not going to be able to help anybody. We need to make sure that we're taking this and making our own diligently making our own calling and election sure. Because if we do these things that were preceded in this scripture, uh we didn't read them tonight for the sake of time because I feel like I want to talk tonight, but um if you're not sure, just go back and read them maybe later on. Uh it's wonderful thing. We know it's the stature of the perfect man. And I want to say this that I think it's important to remember that we're not just going to take steps of faith. We're going to get one and then we're going to get the other. We're going to get the other. We're going to get the other. It's not the way it works. Even though we see it in a pyramid and it looks like stairs, steps. We're going to step our way up to perfection. What's going to happen is we're going to think that we're doing some kind of works and someday we're going to achieve something. We're not going to achieve nothing. The only thing that we're going to do is be able to receive the word for our day and that will be get the Holy Ghost in our life. And when that happens, we're going to have all the fruit of the spirit and we'll have all of these virtues in our life. And if we are willing to diligently make sure that we're checking that up with the word for our day, then we will truly make sure that we will never fall. And that's a beautiful thing because the truly elected can never fall. God cannot lose a part of himself and remain God. It just won't work. you know, uh, talking about this this election, I think it's so beautiful and and the power of election, the power of predestination, the power of really being able to truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our life. You know, brother Bradom in uh, Broken Sistns in 1964, this is just sort of for fun, but I just felt so impressed today as I was listening to it and and just meditating on the things of the Lord. You know, Brother Brand, I he talks about this one thing in there. you that the man he talks to the man who is a smoker who just cannot seem to shake this smoking thing and I just couldn't help by the way brother Bradom goes through this and if you know the story you know what I'm talking about but if you don't know the story it's well worth listening to brother Brandham he he says that the man who says I I want to get the Holy Ghost and I want to take the steps for God but I just have to shake this smoking I just can't do it until I get past this smoking brother Brandham says Stop thinking about smoking and think about God. Think about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I want to say this tonight, brothers and sisters, whatever that thing is, stop thinking about it because it doesn't matter what it is. It's a trap of the devil to try and distract us from who we really are. But he says in that message, "Stop thinking about that thing." And and he goes on and has more conversation with him. and and and the guy says, "But but but but the smoking." And brother Brandham says, "There you go. You're mentioning it again. Stop talking about that smoking." And he says, "You know, it wasn't very long after he he actually listened to me. He stopped talking about it and he truly got the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And he said, "To prove that he's truly got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I'm going to buy him a carton of cigarettes." Brother Brham, the prophet for our day said that. I'm going to buy him a carton of cigarettes and I'm going to take them and give them to him. and you watch. He will not want one of them. Truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Brothers and sisters, it doesn't matter what it is in our life. It has to go. It has to go. We've been talking about the uh election out of the exposition of the seven church ages of the Samriian church age. For the sake of time tonight, I am just going to jump ahead. I'm not going to go all the way ahead, but I'm just going to start with this part here. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. You know, if he commits us to death, it's only this flesh that he's committing to death, right? The truly elected can never die. If we actually in this flesh, if this tabernacle be dissolved, then we already have a body waiting for us. So when he says this, if he he might commit you to death as he did Paul, he's only going to change our dwelling place. That's the only thing he's going to do. He's going to move us. We're going to change locations. And there's so many people in here that know all about changing locations, about going from one country to another country, having a totally different culture shock. Imagine what the culture shock is like in heaven, in paradise, to come from this pig pen that we live in with all these different pestous to go to absolute perfection. It's just amazing to think. But that's the only thing that's going to happen, brothers and sisters. If he commits us to death, as he did Paul, he commit he may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That's his prerogative. That's God's prerogative. He's sovereign, but it is all with a purpose and and it's his purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. But we know the word says that he is our peace and he hath broken down the middle wall of partition. Right? His purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. And remember, it's not very long ago we were talking about how he's looking for his image in the masterpiece. And there's coming a time where he will see his image. There's no two ways about that. In the truly elected, he will see his image. And I I just want to say it again. I think we have to over and over again to remind ourselves he's not going to see our his image in this flesh. We're not going to grow a beard and and all of a sudden he'll see himself in our beard. We're not going to grow taller. We're not going to get skinnier. We're not going to become different in this flesh. What we're going to do is have a different character. We're going to have a Christlike character. Where we once had a buzzsaw temper, we're going to be kind and soft. where we once had the desire to come out on top in every single business deal and it didn't matter who I step on and how I get there. We'll say, "You know what? It's God's money. I'm not worried about it. He is the one that provides all my needs." the ones who maybe are jealous or insecure or whatever it is in our life in this flesh that we deal with. It's our spirits that are going to change, brothers and sisters, that are going to come subject to his spirit. That's what's going to happen. That's the character that he's looking for. Not for us to be, you know, partly us and partly him. It's going to be all him. I just I just thought of this, you know, as we were studying this. Just think of this. If his love is elective, we have been chosen to salvation. We haven't actually just stumbled into salvation. We weren't just led to salvation even by our parents, even though we were many times. We we we don't just happen across salvation one day. We've been chosen. We have been chosen unto salvation. We have been given this position before the foundation of the world. So, it just makes me think, you know, we ought to probably forget about all the struggles that are in our minds. Whatever it is that we're contending with because we all are contending with something. And if you're not, brace yourself because you will be. The devil has a punch coming to every single person, especially the elected. But it's not to destroy us. It's so that we can overcome it. So that we can have something to overcome. Because only those who overcome will sit with him in his throne of judgment. Not those who claim to be elected and a part of the message. No, the life that's lived in those people are the ones who will actually display that image. But to forget all the struggles in our minds and just be able to get into Christ to have the peace that passes all understanding and and to remember that his love is elective. We're dealing with elective love here. It's not love the way that we think it. It's not it's not felioial love. It's not the feelings that we have. It's not because somebody did something for me. I just love them more. They're so kind and I just love that person. I just love my wife more. I just love the child more. I love the parents more. It's not like that. He loved us before he even created us. And you know, I just can't help but think this goes right back. This is so good. It goes right back to Ephesians chapter 5, doesn't it? No man ever yet hated his flesh, did he? God doesn't hate a part of him. And we know that, Brother Bam said it one time, you can't tell your pinky finger, I just don't like you. You stink. You need to go. Every single part of the body is required. And every single part of the body will be there. It won't be someone in and and suddenly tragically someone will be out. These are all things that will happen according to according to election. But his love is elective and it doesn't give us the liberty or the opportunity to make grace a disgrace and say that because he chose me in him before the foundation of the world. I can just go out and get liquored and still come to church and everything will be just fine. I can mistreat my wife and everything will be just fine. I can do this, I can do that, I can do the other and everything will be just fine. Well, it won't be just fine because if you're truly elected, you won't do that. You won't do that. But I'll say this also. There comes a time in our life where we mature. You know, Paul said it. When I was a child, I spake as a child and I acted as a child. So, spiritually speaking, if we're still doing those things, we're still maybe juvenile in our scriptural spiritual walks. But that doesn't mean that we're not elected. That doesn't mean that we're not forordained or predestinated to be exactly who God called us to be. And it doesn't actually give us a license, excuse me, a license to go and judge people. Sometimes we can do that. We can get our noses so high when we walk down the street that we'll drown in a rainstorm. Brother Brandham says it's important to remember that we're all called and saved by God. It's it's only by his grace that we're saved. Amen. But when we we begin to realize this, it gives us a clearer view of our victories. Our victories in the love divine. And you know that speaking in tongues, that whole script, I'm not going to read it tonight. I just mentioned that one part in in the service that brother Bradom was at. There is a tremendous victory in the love divine, brothers and sisters. And that is what brother Bradom was talking about. The Holy Ghost is love. We definitely have love. How will the world know that you h have love for me is what Jesus said. It's a valid statement. I'm not going to dismiss it and say, "Nope, there won't be love there. We're not going to have the Holy Ghost and have hate." That's not the way it works. The only thing we'll have maybe is hate for sin, but we'll love our brother and we'll love our sister. Going on and reading here, he says, "As Job said, he put strength in us, his strength in us." Job 23:6b. You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience by the things that he suffered. Now, all of this, as I read this and talk about it, it sounds pretty harsh, and I'm not trying to make anyone afraid. What I am hoping that we can do is maybe after we stop talking about this election is just maybe have a little bit of peace to recognize if we're elected, he's called us to election and he will make sure that we make it all the way. We don't have to worry about trying to figure it out. We just need to surrender unto him. That's all we need to do. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. Hebrews 5:8-9. Though he were a son, yet he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. Why did he want this? In James 1:24, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing." How many of us are patient here tonight? How many of us are impatient here tonight? A lot more people laughed. I didn't look up. I don't want to see hands. But I heard a lot more laughter with impatience tonight. You know what that means is that there's going to be some teaching. There's going to be some lessons to create patience in our lives. Until we get to that place where we have patience, we're going to have struggles. And that's why we have them, brothers and sisters. It's not because we're bad. It's not because we need to be slapped around to come to the place of love where we say, "I love you now because you've slapped me enough." There's ministries in this world that teach that fire and brimstone preaching. Sure enough, there is a hell. There is a hell to go to. I was having a conversation with a brother today and I thought it was so good on the on the morning Bible study. We were talking about it. brother brought up the the story about Paul and Barnabas and how the the transition went from the teaching to the Jews. The word came to the Jews. But then there was a time where the word stopped going down the line of a wall and turned a corner. And that time was when Paul and Barnabas waxed bold and said, "You know what? Since you judge yourselves unworthily of this word, this word now is leaving the Jews and going to the Gentiles. But not because we judge you unworthy. Your actions demonstrate that you judge yourself unworthy. And it got me thinking in the in the conversation, the way it was going, you know, we live in an age where the the spirit of revival has lifted off the gentile church now and it's going back to Israel. Whether we want it or not, whether we can see it or not, whether we understand that or not, it's happening. And I can't help but think, should we are we is that is that the way we're preaching now? that you know what since certain people in this message judge themselves unworthy of this gospel now this word is going back to the Jews. What a time we live in. Let us not judge ourselves to be unworthy of this gospel is what I'm getting at. I think it's so amazing where we are. The day in which we live. Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to18. And if children, then heirs, heirs of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. And to think about how people suffer. We suffer in this world. We suffer. It is not easy. But fortunately, the word says that he will not give us more than we can bear. But he says here, unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. I say Lord have mercy. Help us, Lord Jesus, to have that Garden of Gethsemane experience where even though our friends won't pray with us, where we can just take a few steps further and fall on our knees and say, "Lord, not my will, but let thy will be done in my life and push aside as we sang that song, all of my hopes, all of my dreams. Lay an ashes at my feet. be willing to just let it all go so that we can show him where we stand. Now, I would never say that we should do that and sacrifice our families. I remember hearing a brother say that that I wouldn't be afraid to live in my car again. Well, I I don't know. I would be afraid to take my family and go and live in a car. They don't deserve that. We know that. that brother Brandham even when he preached here in Calgary the he the people here heard that they were living in a clapboard shingled house that was leaking air and so they bought him a house because it's not right. We don't want to do that to our families. We need to look after our families. In fact, the word of God says that if we don't look after our families, we're worse than an infidel. That means we don't even believe this message. But unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. And you know that's how it is. If you talk to entitled people today that have never gone through anything in their life, they've never experienced any hardships. My goodness, the level of character is about that deep, right? But you talk to someone who's gone through it, who's lost people. People's lives have been lost. They've gone through tremendous sicknesses. Maybe they're an amputee. Maybe they've had terrible accidents. They've seen some stuff in their life, tragedy. Their character is beyond compare. There's something about them how they take the time to relate to people in this world. Character is a victory. It is not a gift. I'm so thankful for that. It's not something that's easy. It's not something that's pleasing to think, "Lord, could I please have a trial? I need a trial because I need some more character. I I want some more victory in my life." I don't think anybody prays, "Lord, pour out the trial." They already come. But when we're in the midst of the trial, you know, brothers and sisters, we can have the ability, which I believe other people don't have, to close our eyes and open our hearts and open our souls and give praise like no other people in this world. The truly elected know how to worship. And worshiping isn't when we're on top of the mountains, when we're at our very best, when everything is happening so good. It's when we're in the deepest, darkest valleys that we can come to church still and thank the Lord for calling us by name. That is worship, brothers and sisters. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. And if we think about that phrase for a second there, look at the devil. Look at Lucifer. He has power, but he ain't got character. He's got no character. He has so little character. There's a scripture that pertains to him that I think he just hates to hear. And I love to say there's coming a time where we're going to walk past him and look upon him narrowly and say, "That's you. You're the one that troubled the nations. You look at you." H no character. But unfortunately, this is his world and he is declared officially the god of this evil age. But that's why we're not of this world even though we're in this world. Goes on to say, "But power with character is fit to rule." And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And you know, brothers and sisters, don't think that we're going to necessarily go and have a special place created in the throne of God to sit with him and look down on everyone as rulers. But we will sit with him in authority and power. And the word says in his throne and that is in his stature. That is in his power, in his authority. That's where we'll be. It's not a geographical location per se, even though it could be. We might all be there in our soul and and and the new theophony body. I I'm not really too interested to try and say that. But what I am interested in is to recognize the authority and the power by that character. Even as he is sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little, thank goodness, temporary suffering that we go through now. Many of the suffering that we go through now, it is not little. It is tremendous. And I know that. But it's temporary. Fortunately, it's temporary. And I think personally when we look at this stuff, we have to remember that it's temporary. It's only going to be temporary until we change our dwelling place one way or the other. The little temporary suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. My, think it not strange concerning the fiery trials that are to try you. Because those fiery trials, brothers and sisters, are not to give us a flat tire on the side of the road. They're not to drain our bank account because someone ripped us off. They're not to lose our job. It's not about the struggles of this life. They're about stealing our faith. Can our faith be rocked? Can our faith be taken and shaken? And you know, the further we go and the more trials we have, the stronger we get. As they say in the world, no pain, no gain. We're not going to get strong without exercise. We're not going to get character without pain. Think it not strange concerning the fire trials that are to try you. That is what Peter said. It is. Is it strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? No, sir. And we all have trials. We are all tried and chasened as sons. Not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. It isn't of God. That to me is a shocking statement. Hebrews 12 6 and 8. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth and scorgeth every son whom he receiveth. But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards and not sons. They have no father, have no character. Now this special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. That is profound when we hear that it must be applied to every age. There is no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. Who wants to be Christlike in suffering? Humanly speaking, that is hard. That is not easy. Love suffereth long and is kind. Matthew 5:11-12, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for so persecuted they the prophets, which were before you." The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. I'm so thankful for that because the cloudy skies, they really affect me in my mind, in my spirit. The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. Neither are bright skies and still waters, big fat bank accounts, great tremendous jobs and contracts. Neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. Look at the sacrifice, not our shortcomings. Stop talking about that smoking. Stop talking about that drinking. Stop talking about that temper. Stop talking about that generational sin. Stop talking about all the different things that could be coming up in our lives and we just make excuses for. Stop talking about it and start looking at the sacrifice, not our shortcomings. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Isn't that beautiful? When the devil comes around and tries to trip us up, read that to him. Say that to him. His love is elective. He chose me in him before the foundation of the world to be at his side as his bride. that position that you wanted Satan, you can never have it because he never chose you to have it. But he chose a few individuals to have it out of every single church age. And those ones that say amen to that, they're the ones. His love is elective, which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? Ah, yes. But how shall we know? We shall know because he said so and manifested that he did love us. For he brought us to himself. We never found him. We never just groped in darkness and stumbled into the little mission on the corner and got saved. No way. He brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit, placing us as sons. What a tremendous thought that is. Man, when we get together and have church here, what are we doing? One day we're going to look back and think, did we really realize these words? What it meant to be chosen, to be placed as a son, brothers and sisters, we're already seated in heavenly places. Already there. The devil's going to do everything to say, "No, no, you're not. Can't you tell? You're still in human flesh. You've got bad breath, man. Your feet stink. You've got bad manners. Look at all the shortcomings in your life." Remember he just said stop looking at the shortcomings and look at the sacrifice. Look at what Jesus did. How he suffered so that we don't have to. We have to suffer to live in this world but not like he did. Nobody is going to suffer like he did. My I love how he says this a after he says that he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit. Just gave it to us. We didn't have to buy it. We didn't have to work for it. We didn't have to do anything except for can I have it Lord I just want it please can I have it he gave us of his spirit and then placed us as sons adopted us took us out and said I want all the spirits in this universal realm to notice this is my son of course you can go and try and tempt him he won't fall you'll never get him to curse to my face never perfect example of it with Job and how shall I prove my love to him. I think this is beautiful. This is where the rubber meets the road, the brass tax as it were, by believing what he said and conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to come to pass. When we have a trial, it's not because we just stumbled and fell. It's because he saw it fit for some spirit, some thing to happen and bring this situation to pass so that that character would be worked out in our lives. How shall I prove my love to him? By conducting myself with joy amidst the trials. My, that's beautiful. I think that's beautiful. You know, brothers and sisters, if you've never done it, when you have a big fat trial, when you have something that's broken your heart and you're really hurting and you're frustrated and you're just don't know what to do, you're confused, everything is upside down in your life, just worship. Just that song that we sing, just worship. Just try and change the situation. See if it doesn't change. I guarantee you, you will take the situation and turn it upside down right on its head if you start worshiping. But if we get caught up in the moment and start slandering that person and talking bad about it and moaning and groaning and lamenting, he's going to say, "My, that box car is a little bit loose. Unpack it. It's got to be packed again." And we'll give it 6 months or a year and come back again before we shake it. But when we can shake it and show that that box car is solid, that it's been packed in there properly, guess what happens? That token gets applied on the door and that box car is sealed till the day of its redemption. That's where we're living, brothers and sisters. That's what we're talking about here. Being elected. What it means to be elected. Elected means that Satan can't even touch you. Satan cannot harm you. Nothing can harm you. Not even death because you can't die. But it's a totally different way to look at the world, to look at life. The world is set up to think that we have to preserve our lives and we should preserve our lives. We don't want to act out and tempt the Lord. The word says not to tempt the Lord thy God. But to be able to worship in the midst of our darkest trials, that is next level. That is totally elite. We heard about the SWAT team and and how we have the special weapons and training. You know, we have the elite elected spiritual sons and daughters of God in this age, and the spirits don't even know how to contend with them because they just worship. Remember, there's coming a day where that's all we're going to have. Heaven's going to be quiet so the redeemed can worship. So, so the the elected can have their time before the throne to bring the praise and honor and glory to the Lord. I think that's just amazing, astounding. You know, brother Ratom, he talks about predestination. Maybe turn over to Ephesians 1. Let's turn over to Ephesians 1. We got a few minutes here. Let's preach. I think this is beautiful. Gets me excited talking about this here. There's nothing quite like it. Nothing quite like the word of God. Now, if I could just find it. There it is. Ephesians chapter 1 says it all, brothers and sisters. If you were to go through and to read Ephesians chapter 1, we'll just start with verse four for time sake. According as he hath chosen us in him, this is Ephesians chapter 1 verse4. Before the foundation of the world, he chose us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. So when this word is written, I just want to say this tonight as we read it. He didn't choose us in him that one day we would suddenly stumble into holiness and suddenly become without blame. He chose us in him to be that. That is our description. That's a description of us. That is our name. If we were to look up the definition of our name in heaven, this is what we could find. I can't help but think that that we should be we're we're before him holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. We never made ourselves accepted in the beloved. He made us acceptable in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins. So all of our sins are forgiven, brothers and sisters, past, present, and future. It's not even fair to the devil, is it? He chose us to be before him blameless. Amen. The forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, giving us an open book in the seventh age in which we live and just telling us to eat it up, having made known unto us the mystery of his will. We're not wondering what his will is. We know what his will is. according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ both which are in heaven and which are on the earth even in him that is the day in which we live brothers and sisters right there in whom we have obtained an inheritance just given every time we open it up the will is read there's a reading reading of the will. And those who are present are able to partake of that reading of the will. I think it's so beautiful. It's just amazing. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. Predestination looks back to fornowledge. For knowledge looks on to destiny. I remember hearing of someone once upon a time. I probably have said this in the past, but it shocked me. They believe the Bible and they they believe that Jesus died for them and they want to serve in the church and so on and so forth, but they just don't believe in predestination. And I thought, how sad. How sad. How terribly sad because you're missing the entire point of it. is not by works of righteousness but by his grace alone. I think Ephesians chapter 1 when we get down brothers and sisters that's all we need to do is read that and and oh my even get into Ephesians chapter 2 you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins not not when we were in the perfect realms of church when we were fully saved and sanctified justified sanctified filled with the Holy Ghost. No, he came and got us when we were dead in sins and trespasses. Let's go over to Romans chapter nine quickly while we still have a few minutes. Just a few minutes talking about election. I say the truth in Christ I lie not. my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost that I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart. For I could wish that myself were a curse from Christ for my brethren and kinsmen according to the flesh, who are Israelites to whom pertainth the adoption, and the glory and the covenants and the giving of the law and the service of God and the promises. Whose are the fathers and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came who is over all God blessed forever. Amen. Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are are not all Israel which are of Israel. Neither because they are the seed of Abraham are they all children. But in Isaac shall thy seed be called. That is, they which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God. But the children of the promise are counted for the seed. Remember that if we walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit, we won't be tempted. But if we walk after the flesh and not after the spirit, we're going to have problems in our life. For this is the word of promise. Verse nine, at this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. And not only this, but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even our father Isaac, for the children not being for the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. It was said unto her, the elder shall serve the younger. As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. So then, it is not of him that willth, nor of him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. If we have been called here tonight, it is because God hath shown us mercy. Excuse me. We have been given every single reason to worship out of the faith of Abraham in 1955. I'm sorry, brother. I don't think I sent this to you. He says,"Abraham, what was it now?" God called Abraham because he was a good man. God called Abraham by election. Amen. God elects people. And over in the book of Ephesians, the first chapter and about the fifth verse, Paul states, "The word predestinated us to the adoption of sons." Now, that doesn't mean that God just puts you in a little channel and runs you through. I think this is so amazing. And you can't help it if you how you go when you would be no reward. But God gives you the free moral agency to make your choice. But God will keep his believer. And predestination is a hard word among the congregation of people because predestination really fornowledge is a better word. And predestination looks back to fornowledge. And fornowledge looks on to destiny. That God being infinite in the beginning knew the end from the beginning. Therefore, he knew what people would do so he could foretell what would take place for he knew what would be. Therefore, before Esau or Jacob, either one was born, God could say, "Esau, I've hated, and Jacob I've loved." Because he forneew what they could be. He never made Esau the way he was. He wasn't willing that Esau would be that way. But Esau by choice, God knew would take that way. So that's how he knows us today. Isn't that beautiful when you think about this? He knows who the sinner is and and how they're going to go and do that. But he also knows who the elected are. And he creates environments so the elected don't get destroyed. so that the elected shine, that the elected rise, that they grow, so that he can take them out and adopt them. He never made Esau the way he was. He wasn't willing that Esau would be that way. But Esau by choice, God knew, would take that way. So that's how he knows us today. He knows your heart. And you might be able to fool your neighbor. You might be able to fool your pastor, but you'll never fool God because he knows your heart. I think it's beautiful. And you know, I I don't I don't jump in there and say, "Yeah, you'll never you might be able to fool me." No, I I say, "Let that be about me." I know that there was times where I probably tried to fool my pastor, but I can see that there's a gift of discernment there. And you see a whole lot more than people think you see. And it's just the way it is. But I don't want to fool my neighbor. I want my neighbor to know that I'm an elected son of God. I want them to know that I have been predestinated before the foundation of the world to be called out and adopted. Therefore, he by election, he chose Abraham for he knew what Abraham would do. You remember when he called him out there and said he'd not keep the thing a secret from him when he was going down to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah. He said, "For I know that Abraham will teach his children. I know it. God himself. I know that Abraham will send this message on down from one to the other generation." And isn't it beautiful, brothers and sisters, when we read that to think that that generation has jumped all the way down the generations to where we are today because God could trust Abraham. We truly are the elected royal seed of Abraham in the line with Isaac. But God for knowing that and knowing that Abraham would do it, then he told Abraham in the beginning that he would save him and save his seed after him and would give him the unconditional covenant that he made with Abraham. Not because Abraham was good, but because God was good. Excuse me. because God was good. And remember brothers and sisters, he had Abraham had such an amazing opportunity to know God face to face. How many meetings did he have with God? Did God have with him rather? How many times did he get to have fellowship with God? even to the place where God came on the plains of memory to his house and and entertained him to wash his feet and and gave him the opportunity to kill a fatted calf. Think about how long that would take to go and kill a a fatted calf even with all of today's technology to kill a fatted calf to butcher it up to cook it to knead the bread to bake it and to prepare a meal and bring it. How much time did he get to spend with Elohim? God himself in the flesh. How much time did he actually have? How many words were spoken? What a tremendous thing it is. He had so many opportunities with God as as a friend. But you know, there came a time after he had the promise where God said, "Now, you know what, Abraham? I know that that that everything has been good and you follow me. You've been such a good servant and I know that you love me. Now, what I want you to do is to bring your son up to the mountain and I want you to sacrifice him. I want you to kill him. I want you to burn him on an altar after you slit his throat and let his blood run out all over the the rocks and the sticks. A and bring me a sacrifice just like you would do with a lamb. I want you to do with that promised son that I gave you. Now, imagine the turmoil that must have been in that man to think that all the highs he was on the mountaintop when he had his son. He had the promised son, but yet now God is telling him to come and kill it. And the beautiful thing about this is the point that I want to get to is what I always talk about with this is not that God said to him, Abraham, when he was already, he was fully engaged, his son was bound on the altar, pulls a knife back, goes to do it, God stops him. Abraham, stop. Abraham, now I know that you love me. But did God suddenly know now that Abraham loved him? God truly knew that he loved him and truly knew that he would listen and he truly knew that Abraham needed to know how much he really loved God. And when we're going through the fiery trials, brothers and sisters, don't think it's strange because he knows that we love him, but he wants us to know how much we love him. I think it's amazing when we think about this. I'll call the musicians as we wind down tonight. He told Abraham in the beginning that he would save him and save his seed after him. We know brother Bradom says that he knew that God said, "Hey, you would save my seed. So if I kill him, you're obligated to bring them back up because it's your word." What a tremendous thing that is. What courage that would take to take the natural circumstances and go right against the grain. But remember that you heard his word. Oh my. You heard his word and you know that he can't go against his word. The unconditional covenant that he made with Abraham. Excuse me. Not because Abraham was good, but because God was good. And every believer in here is a Christian tonight because not that you're good, but because God was good to call you. What a tremendous blessing it is, brothers and sisters. I just think it's amazing. I've got more, but I'm not going to do it. I'm just going to sign off and maybe ask you to stand with me as we close in prayer [Music] tonight. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your word. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can recognize that you've called us to be adopted sons and daughters. Lord, you haven't called us to be a part of an association. You haven't called us to be a part of a family or an assembly, but Lord, you've called us to be your son, to be your daughter. And what a tremendous privilege that is, Lord, to know that that's your choice and we're just recognizing it. We're just starting to realize it. We're just starting to grasp it with our finite minds here on earth. And Lord Jesus, we're so thankful that your word said that there comes a point in time where we need to stop doing that on our own and allow the mind that was in Christ Jesus be also in you. And that takes us to another realm to another plane. Father, we know that takes us and seats us with you in heavenly places. I pray that Lord tonight your word would resound in our heart. Father, that Lord, as we go our separate ways, that we would recognize, Father, what you've done for us and how you've called us, Lord Jesus, how you've done it all, Father, and we are just the recipients of what you've given to us freely. Father, we pray that you would just give us the strength, Lord, to endure the trials as they come up in our lives. We know they're many and we know they're hard, Lord Jesus. We know that, Father, you love us, but help us, Lord Jesus, to know how much we truly love you. We just ask now that you would keep your hand upon us as we go our separate ways. Be with brother Joe as he takes the service on Sunday here, Lord. We pray that you would grant to him a fresh coal off the altar. And Lord, be with us as we're away in Edmonton, Lord, ministering also. We love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Though he knew me, he loved me. Oh, he knew [Music] me yet he loved thee. He whose glory makes the heaven shine on our own. So unworthy of such mercy. when he was on the cross. Oh, I was on his life. Amen. Sing that verse. I'm not on an ego trip. I'm nothing on my own. I make mistakes and often disl just call it flesh and [Music] bone. But I'll prove someday just what I say. Amen. Hallelujah. when he was on the cross. Oh, I was on his mind. Though he knew me, he still loved me. Though he knew me, he loved [Music] me. Oh, he whose glory makes the heaven shine. So unworthy of such mercy. When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Amen. A look of love was on his face. The thorns were on his head. The blood wrapped down his darling [Music] gold were a crowd that day. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Blessed be your name, Lord. You were on the cross. Oh, I was on your mind. Oh, hallelujah. Though you knew me, Lord, though you knew me, still you love me. He whose glory makes the heaven shine. So unworthy of such mercy. He was on the cross. I was on his mind. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Can we sing 1062? New mercy. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. Lord, you fill me yesterday, today, forever [Music] more. There's one thing that I know for sure. Fresh as the morning dune, you make your mercy [Music] new every morning. Oh, I I thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one time. Too many. Too many. [Music] I thought I'd used up all the grace set aside for my mistakes. [Music] So many on my knees. I found to my surprise that your mercy renews with us arise. Lord, you make your mercy new every [Music] day. You change my life in so many ways. Cradle me in your sweet grace. Lord, you fill me. [Music] There's one thing that I know for sure. Fresh as the morning, you make your mercy new. every morning. Oh, the wasted times that I have known. A prodigal away from home. [Music] Not knowing your mercy and grace was [Music] multiplied with for his will to supply. God bless you tonight. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thanks to you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, the Lord. [Music]
