################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 2025-03-30 Bro. Barry - Perseverant - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-30
Title:    2025-03-30 Bro. Barry - Perseverant
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orbBUkOxlWA
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - Perseverant
Sunday, March 30th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Do you? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord this morning. Glad to see the Lord protected us. A little slippery out there this morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord, though. And I know that the Lord will will reward you for your sacrifice. That's just the way he is. He will not be a debtor to any man. So here we are to worship him tonight or this morning. Sorry. Stand with me if you would this morning. Start with take up your cross and follow Jesus. He took up his. It's up to us to take up ours. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross each and every day. [Music] Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, count up the cost. Then take up your cross and follow him. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross each and every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, count up the cost and take up your cross and follow him. Oh, yes. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross each and every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count of the cross. Then take up your cross and follow [Applause] me. If we do that, then we can do the following. I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength. Isn't that good news this morning? But sometimes I wonder what he can do through [Applause] me. Oh, no great success to show, no glory of my own. Yet in my weakness, he is there to let me know. His strength is perfect when our strength is. Oh, he'll carry us when we cannot carry on. Praised in his power, the weak become strong. His strength is [Music] perfect. His strength is burn. Oh, we can only know the power that he holds. When we truly see how deep our weakness goes. [Music] Oh, his strength in us begins when house comes to an in and he hears our humble cry and proves again. His strength is perfect. When our strength is gone, he'll carry us when we cannot carry on. raised in his power. The weak become [Music] strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. and turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Oh, look in his wonderful face. Oh, and the things of this earth, oh, will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Let's sing that chorus again. Brother Mario, would you come, brother Mario? Oh, yes. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Oh, look for in his wonderful face. And the things on this earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory. Let's bow our head for a word of prayer. Precious heavenly father, this morning once again we declare that your strength is perfect. Even though we are weak, Father God, we are fully aware that your strength is made perfect, Father God, in the time of weaknesses. Because the Apostle Paul said, "When we are weak, that's when we are strong." Father, we've come before you this morning, Lord, because we want to give reverence to your name. Because that name is still powerful. As the Bible says, you are still the same yesterday, today, and forever more. That's mean, Father God, if you walked on water thousand years ago, 2,000 years ago, you can still do it today. If you heal, 2,000 years ago, you still can do it today, Father God. If by the bre by the breath of your nostril, you parted the Red Sea, Father God, you can still part it for someone today, Father. Lord, there are needs that are unspoken, Father God. Lord, Father God, you know the secret of the heart of men, Father God. God, there are things, Father God, we not even explain it to nobody because they will not understand, right? My Lord, Father God, those needs, Father God, needs to be met, Lord Jesus Christ. You can scrutinize in the heart of mans, Father God, and find the secrets, Father God, that that they are hiding, Father God, and speak to them individually, Lord Jesus Christ. There might be somebody here, Father God, that have a request before you long time ago and they thank you for God. And sometime I will pray father god when you come and intervene to our needs our prayer said lord I didn't ask you for that much but you do it you do it more than I asked father god we are here father god with the expectations for you to meet our needs not only this father god but we are here father god to give you praise we are not here to meet one another even though this is important father god if we are coming here, Father God, and not hearing from you. This time is in vain, Father God. We don't want this to happen, Lord. Lord, bless this time that we are spending together. And more importantly, give us a word, Father God, that can transform our hearts, Lord Jesus Christ. And may this message, Father God, just in come into our hearts and dwell in there. We can recall, Father God, this message that is going to be pray that that is going to be preached. Father God, bless the songs that that are singing. Father God, we can feel that your presence is already there, Father God. Lord, bless your word, Father God, because the Bible says this is the confidence that we have in you that if we have if we ask anything according to your will, Father God, you will give it to us. We claim your presence this morning, Father God, and you shall give it to us, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. If there is anything that we shall ask, we don't know, we don't know, Father God, please do it. Do the impossible this morning, Lord Jesus Christ. Talk to someone. Talk to me. Give us our portion this morning, Father God. Because we are here, Father God, because we want to receive our portion. Bless the musicians. Bless everything that is going to be said in this service. For in Jesus name we pray. Somebody say, "Amen." Thank you, my brother. You may have your seats this morning. Good to be a Christian. Good to have brothers and sisters that standing with you. Brother like brother Mario holding us up in prayer this morning. It's just wonderful to hear from my brother pouring his heart out to the Lord, but for all of us as well. Thank you, my brother. Let's sing victory. Hallelujah. What a thought Jesus full salvation brought. Well, hallelujah. What a thought Jesus full salvation brought. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, let the powers of sin I sail. Heaven's grace can never fail. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh yes. Victory. Yes. Victory. Oh hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] He is Lord. Yes, he's all to me. Oh, I am trusting in the Lord. I am standing on his word. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh Lord, I have peace and joy within. Since my life is free from sin. Victory. Oh, victory. Yes, victory. Yes, victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. He is all yes to me. Oh, shout your freedom everywhere. His eternal peace declare victory. Oh, his victory. Oh, let us sing it here below in the face of every f. Victory. Yes, [Music] victory. Oh, victory. Yes, [Applause] victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. your glory. Hallelujah. He is. Yes. In all to me. We will sing it on that shore. When this leading life is over. [Music] Victory. Yes. Victory. [Music] Oh, here you rise strong. Start that everlasting song. Victory. Yes. Victory. Oh, victory. Yes. Victory. Oh, I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. He is. Yes. It all to [Music] me. And I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. how he gave his life on Calvary to save a fresh like me. Oh, when I heard about his groaning of his precious blood at [Music] that sins and I won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus. Oh my savior forever. Oh, he saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Well, he loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. Oh yes, he launched me to victory that cleansing blood. Oh, I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing how he made the pain to walk again. And he calls the blind to see. And I cry, "Dear Jesus, would you spit?" And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh yes. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh yes. Oh yes. [Music] to victory that cleansing blood. Oh, I heard about the manion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about those streets of gold beyond that crystal sea about the angels singing and that whole redemption story and some sweet they are sing that song of victory. [Music] Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh yes he [Music] [Applause] me and all is to him to victory. Glory in that fancy blood. Because of that price that was paid, we can confidently say the anchor hose. Of course, please. Oh, the anchor holes. [Applause] Oh, the ship is battered. Oh, yes. The anchor [Music] hold the saves are told. Oh, when I have fallen on my knees as I like [Music] [Applause] crazy of the storm and of course Jesus is that anchor speaking when he Oh yes, the [Music] [Applause] an [Music] isol. Holy [Music] s as I spray [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. God bless the saints. Aren't you glad that the uncle holds this morning? Amen. Praise the name of the living God. Um just a a quick announcement. Um Easter Sunday, um for those who are here and can make it, there will be a communion and food washing service and it'll start at 5:30 in the evening. So just start early and be done early. That's for Easter Sunday. And then just this uh Thursday, April 3rd, at 7:30, there's a prayer meeting. Uh monthly prayer meeting. Let's bow down our hearts before him. Precious Lord and Savior, it's always a privilege together in your name. Father, we come knowing that in you all the problems are solved. We come knowing that you know the ending from the beginning. Father, we are so grateful, Lord, that you determine the end from the beginning. That we are not walking through life like people who have no hope, like people who have no faith, like people who don't know our destiny. No, you secured our destiny before you called us. What a privilege, precious Lord. And that is why our victory depends solely on you. It's not on our merit. And we just want to glorify you, Lord. Just want to honor you, just want to praise you. We come to express ourself in your presence just to let you know who we are. That father, bringing that to our recognition of who we are, Lord. Oh Lord, we are so grateful, oh Lord, continuously for the opportunities you give us, Lord. Our prayer this morning that you help us not to miss the things that are coming from the pulpit, Lord. not to miss the life, the healing, the deliverance that comes from the pulpit. Oh Lord, help us in all humility to receive all that you have for us. Oh Lord, help us not to take it for granted. Lord, we love you. We appreciate you, Father. We invite your presence here this morning. Father, bless the ongoing service. Father, take control and let it all be pleasing to you, Lord. As we bring in the tithe and offerings, Father, we pray that you'll bless it and sanctify it for the purpose for which it is intended. Lord, we love you. We appreciate you. Inspire your word to our hearts this morning in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, there's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it a far. For the father waits over the [Applause] way to prepare us a dwelling place. There is that wonderful news this morning. Oh, in the sweet my [Applause] [Music] shall meet Sure. You can have your seats for the third verse. Oh, to our bounty father. Oh, we will offer our triute of praise for the glorious gift of his love. Oh, think about that this morning. Oh [Music] no. Oh yes. [Applause] [Applause] Oh my go [Applause] [Music] Thou meet on that beautiful [Music] shore. God bless you everyone. Privilege to be in the house of the Lord again this morning. Ask ye of the Lord rain in the time of the latter rain. So the Lord shall make bright clouds and give them showers of rain to everyone grass in the field. And the scripture says, "Oh that thou wouldest ren the heavens that thou wouldest come down that the mountains might flow down at thy presence." Another one says, "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place, and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting." This is a song. I pray it be a blessing to you this morning. Amen. The land is laying barren desolation everywhere. The harvest that we long for. We look and it's not there. The devil sws his evil seed to thwart the master's plan. Tired and discouraged, the servants walk as best they can. Send out a Holy Ghost revival. Revive us. [Music] Send the rain from heaven to flood our thirsty souls. We need a Holy Ghost revive. Revive us, Lord. Open up the heavens. Take control. The sky seems brass above us as we look for promised rain. We sow the seed of precious truth to reap the golden grain. But the spirit's power is what we need to see the harvest come. So Lord, send the Holy Spirit. Come and glorify your son. Send down a Holy Ghost revival. Revive us send the rain from heaven to flood our thirsty souls. We need a Holy Ghost revival. [Music] revival. Lord, open up the heavens. Open up the heavens. Send down a Holy Ghost. Revival. Revival. Send the rain from heaven to flood thirsty souls. We need a Holy Ghost revival. Revival, Lord. Open up the heavens. [Music] Open up the heavens. Open up the heavens. Take control. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Jesus. Send revival. Send revival. Send the rain from heaven to flood our thirsty souls. Oh yes, we do need it. Oh, we need a Holy Ghost revival. Revive us, Lord. Open up the heavens. Open up the heavens. [Music] Please open up the heavens. Take control. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Farah. Stand with me if you would as we ask our pastor to come. I believe that's our promise. The bride's revival is a promise. It's an individual one. It's not a group one. That's to the Jews. But the individual, we can say, Lord, be on to me according to thy word. Amen. This prayer this this this morning came to me this morning. Lord, that individual revival pass me. Just don't pass me, Lord. Pray. Sing it as a prayer to the Lord this morning. Oh, pass me not, oh gentle [Music] Savior. Oh, hear my humble cry. [Music] Oh wow. All others thou art to not pass me by. Let's risk lift our voices to him this morning. Oh, see. [Music] All [Music] other not pass by thou the spring of all my comfort. down the spring of all [Music] my Yes, Lord. Oh, they lie to me. [Applause] [Music] Oh Lord in heaven but lift your voices of hell this morning. Savior. Oh, Savior. Oh, hear my humble cry. Oh Lord, why? on others thou art call. Oh, do not pass me by. All together now as our pastor comes. Oh yes, my savior. Oh [Music] my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] god. falling. Lord, do not pass me [Music] by. Amen. God bless you this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. What a tremendous song that is. We know that he's already here. And if we have a need today, he is more than able to meet that need in our lives. because we believe it that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if he has never made himself known to us in that way, my prayer for this service is that he would that we wouldn't just know him as a a fable, that we wouldn't know him as a tradition, but that we would know him as the living God. Not just as the living God, but our living God. just like to welcome brother John with us this morning. I believe he's traveling through and we just want to welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and trust you feel right at home. Brother, we just have uh a couple of prayer requests. We want to continue to remember brother Johnny Huckluck needs a touch from the Lord. I also like to remember my nephew Zack Natarak. He is He's been afflicted his entire life since birth with musculardrophe and uh he has been admitted to the hospital this last week with a virus. He's not breathing on his own and uh they diagnosed him with a collapsed lung, partially collapsed lung. And in his condition that's a real bad thing naturally speaking. His mom is a real believer and uh she has always held the name of Jesus before her family. It's my sister. She also has the disease musculardrophe. She also got the same virus because it's hyper contagious. And uh just want to remember her as well as my mom Sharon Clark who has the same disease. We just trust that the Lord will bring comfort and dispel the fear and bring healing. And if you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known to unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, you know the needs on our hearts, Lord. We know there was a time, Father, where many people walked away from you and you looked at your 12 and you said, "Will you go also?" And we know they turned to you and said, "Lord, unto whom could we go?" Many times in this life, Lord, we see situations and trials, Lord, and we just don't know what way to go. We don't know where to turn, Father, naturally speaking. But Father, we're so thankful that we can always turn to you. That your ears are always open every time we pray. Father, we're so thankful that you are the living God. And if we have known you any other way, Father, we pray that you would forgive us for it now, Lord Jesus, that we could give you your rightful position in our lives, Lord. Father, this morning, we just want to remember each and every need made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand. Father, we just ask that you would touch them, Lord. Touch each heart, Lord Jesus. Bring to pass that which the desire is in your children's hearts, Lord Jesus. We know that when we have your Holy Ghost, Father, when when you, the Spirit of truth, comes in, that we will never ever ask a miss, Lord, that we will always ask according to your word. But we know that without your spirit, we will ask a miss. We know that that's what James said, that we ask many times to consume things upon the lust of our mind and of our flesh. Forgive us, Lord. Let us come according to your will, which is your word. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Then we know things will get done. Father, we pray that you would just bless each one for their need this morning, Lord, in a special way. Father, I just want to remember my mom and my sister. You know the needs, Father. We pray that you would just bring healing to Kelly and and to Zach, her son. Lord, none of them asked for this, Lord, but they find themselves in this circumstance and situation. And father, they have kept your name. I thank you for my family, Lord. And I pray that we could just be a witness of your life unto them. Father, I pray that you would bring healing to Zach. Bring him comfort, Lord, even now while he's laid up in a hospital, not even able to help himself, Lord. Father, I pray that you would heal my sister, Lord. That you would just give her strength, Lord Jesus, in a time where she can't even manage looking after her son. And now she is under the weather. how she has become sick. Lord, we know that it's times like this that you specialize, Lord. And we just thank you for that. We just commit them all into your hands, Lord, for your glory. Now, as we turn to your word, Father, we pray that you would just have the preeminence, Lord, that we could just yield our minds and our hearts, all of our thoughts and our traditions and our ways unto you, Father, that you would have the right of way. Yes, ma'am. That you would speak to us, Lord. That we wouldn't have just come here this morning for a a vain meeting, Lord, for some traditional gathering, Lord Jesus. But that we would be changed one more time. Oh, Father, word cell upon word cell from glory unto glory, we pray that you could just have the rightful position that you desire in the hearts of every one of your children today, Father. Amen. Oh Lord Jesus, in my heart, too. Father, we need you and we love you. We thank you for your goodness and we just commit all that's said and done in this service now into your hands for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians for your desire to serve one more time to set the atmosphere that we could worship. If you could turn in your Bibles with me over to the book of Mark. Mark chapter 7. Mark chapter 7. I trust that it's a familiar scripture. And if it's not, I trust that it will be by the time we're done today. I believe it is a a fairly familiar scripture if you know about the message of the hour and you've heard it and and read it. We'll start with verse 24 of St. Mark chapter 7. And from then he arose, speaking about Jesus, and he went into the borders of Ty and Siden, and entered into a house, sorry, and entered into a house, and would have had no man know it, but he could not be hid. For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit heard of him, and came and fell at his feet. The woman was a Greek, a cyro phoenician by nation, and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. Someone's got the emergency bell going. But Jesus said unto her, "Let the children first be filled, for it is not meat to take the children's bread and cast it unto the dogs." And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord. Yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs." And he said unto her, for this saying, go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter. And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out and her daughter laid upon the bed. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this word. Thank you for this story, Lord. Father, we pray that you would just be glorified in this service. We know the devil's trying to upset it. He's been working at it for hours. And Father, we thank you because that means something is happening today. Father, I pray that Lord, you would just do something special for us today. Lord Jesus, we're not looking for mighty signs and wonders, but Lord, just one word spoken from you could change our lives forever, Lord. We just want to give you the preeminence that you desire and commit this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. I want to preach today a little message just uh skip across one that brother Bradam preached in 1964 called Perseverant. It's uh it's probably a real familiar one, but if it's not, I as I said, I trust that it will be kind of by the time we leave today, by the time we end. You know, it's a pretty simple thing, but we need to be perseverant in in the day in which we live. And you know, this this story that we've read this morning, this woman who was a Cyrophenician woman, she wasn't even a a Jew. And uh it's just so interesting because she had something in her heart that she wanted to see this man Jesus. And you know, it's interesting because she was not a Jew. So for her to actually go in and get in around the Jews was a big deal. It wasn't just an ordinary thing. And sometimes when we read the scripture, it can just seem like a natural thing. But it was very unnatural for her to be pressing that close into the Jews. And here she was doing this. But why was she doing it? It was because she had a revelation in her heart. And you know, when we get a revelation in our heart, it's usually from God. And when it is from God, nothing will stop us. There's nothing that will shake us. Nobody can get us upset. Nobody can actually push us out or put us in. It's a revelation from God. And it's interesting because this woman, we'll get into a little bit. I'm just going to jump ahead. I just want to say this and I'm going to say it a few times, but you know, Brother Brandham, he says it in the message. This woman, she actually fought her way to get there. And when she got there, what happened? Jesus slapped her down. He just dismissed her. He said, "You know what? You're not even a Jew. And I'm sent to the house of children of Israel. I'm sent to actually feed those children, not the Gentiles. Get out of here. And And what did she say? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. She wasn't going anywhere. She wasn't interested in hearing that answer. And And it's interesting because as she was there, what did Jesus say? The next thing was, you know what? It's not meat to feed dogs the children's bread. What did he do? He didn't actually just say, "You're just a gentile and this is a ministry that's just for the Jews. You're a filthy dog. Get out of here." And then what happened? She kept pressing. That didn't deter her. But it's interesting because many times today you can say something or not and people just get offended and leave. What would happen if you called someone a dog? Many times people today, they've got dogs and dogs are wonderful. We've got a dog. We love dogs. Not like we love people. People always are more important than animals. There's some people that just love animals more than people and we can't help that. The prophet said there would be people like that. I'm not going to get too far into that, but if you want to hear it, go and listen to this message. He talks about it. But you know, animals are nice, but people are the reason that God came. Amen. And if you take a look at the definition of dog in in in terms of what Jesus was talking about here, the dog was actually not a very nice animal. They didn't just have pets in those days of dogs. Dogs in those days were likely feral, potentially rabid animals that were unclean. They were not part of the clean animals. The Jews were not supposed to have anything to do with it. So when he called her a dog, it's not feat to feed the children's bread to dogs. He was really, really insulting her. And I think it's really important to maybe just start out with that to understand it because it didn't stop her. Yes, sir. Yeah, it didn't stop her. And she wasn't a part of a church. She wasn't a part of a Christian group. She wasn't anything on her own. But what was it that constrained her? She had heard about this man Jesus. And she had a real need in her life. And because of that, she wasn't interested in anybody's opinion. She wasn't interested in anybody's ideas. She wasn't even interested in his idea. She knew that he was the Messiah by revelation. And it wasn't nobody going to stop her from achieving what she was going to do. Amen. Nobody was going to offend her because she was unoffendable. She knew what she needed and that was to see the healing in her daughter. I just think it's a beautiful story. Now, Brother Brandham talks about it and I'm just going to skip over some quotes today and just preach a little today and just trust that we're just following the leadership of the Lord today and hopefully somehow someway something can happen. You know, out of perseverance, brother Brandham, he talks about this this this thing. I think it's so good. He says, "So, we have little fellowships, groups, and so forth. We shouldn't differing with each other." And you know, brothers and sisters, we talk about this from a way that, you know, maybe we have a group in Edmonton and we have a group in Colona and we got a group in Lethbridge and maybe Saskatoon. We got groups all over the place. That's true. But we can actually have groups in the church. It's important. We have little fellowships, groups, and so forth. We shouldn't differing with each other. But way they they just human beings. I think it's human nature. It truly is. He says, "I've talked to many of the leaders and so forth. I don't think it's amongst the leaders. I think it's just somebody gets in, stirs up something." Remember, I ain't throwing off on anybody because Peter the rock, Jesus was dealing with them one day and he said, "There's coming a time where the son of man's got to be delivered up and killed, right?" And Peter the rock turned to him and said, "No way. Not on my watch. Nobody's going to touch you." And what did he do? He didn't say, "Peter, come on. You're not actually listening to what I'm saying." He just simply said, "Get thou behind me, Satan. Satan was right there in that one that they called the rock. The Catholic Church says they built the church on him. But we know you can't build a church on someone that's so unstable that would act that way and and curse and we know betray, run away from Jesus, all the stuff that happened with him. Brother Bradam, he says that's as good as Satan wants to do. You see, he just wants to get in someone and he wants to get in there and he wants to stir it up. That's what Satan wants to do. So, I just want to say this. If we see someone stirring up or getting stirred up, if we're getting stirred up, we just need to say, "Satan, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus." Because a a true believer shouldn't be getting stirred up. There was nobody going to stir up this Cyranician woman. Nobody. Even Jesus. She c he called her a dog and she said, "Yeah, even the dogs get to eat the crumbs that fall from the master's table." So, brothers and sisters, I want to start this today and say, "How are we today? Are we robust Christians?" Brother Brandham talks about it. The the true believers, the real Holy Ghost fililled believers ought to have hair on their chest, so to speak. They ought to be robust. Nobody should be able to offend us. There shouldn't be anything that really gets us upset. What have we got to get upset about? We know who our redeemer is, but so many times so little things can get us get a get a be in our bonnet, so to speak. Can get us so upset. Oh my, I'm so offended at this thing. What's wrong with us? Why are we offended? What is there to be offended about? We're the redeemed. There's nothing to be offended about. It's Satan. I think it's time that we take off the gloves and actually just call it what it is. It's Satan. Satan wants to get in and get us stirred up one against the other. But if we draw close together, he can't do it. But the Brandon talks about it. I got a quote. I'll get to it. But he said, "If we would just stop looking out at Satan and start looking inwards, maybe I'm getting this backwards. If we would just stop looking at the problems and start looking at the promise, become unified, united, things might change. So appreciate the special this morning. Thank you, brothers. That's what we need is a Holy Ghost revival in our life. It's exactly what we need. Every single one of us need that. And I want to say this. We ought to be saying that, Lord, give me a Holy Ghost revival in my life. Amen. Stir up that which already is. Take the trash in my life and wash it up on the shore. Like we talked about on Wednesday. Brother Bana mentions it. That's what happens when he was at the Great Lakes. He saw the trash getting washed up, the waves hitting the shore and he saw all the garbage coming out of the water. That's what we need in our lives. Let's throw out the trash. Get out the garbage and give him the opportunity to have a revival to stir up that that that which we already have. He says, ' That's as good as Satan wants to do. You see, just as long as you're firing at one another, you're not firing at him. Just as long as you're firing at one another, you're not firing at him. If we just turn our faces about and go to firing on him, the great church of the living God would come to her colors. Christ would come. I believe that. He's waiting for us to do it. So, what's stopping us, brothers and sisters? I trust that we're pointing the guns at Satan today. That we're not pointing the guns at one another. If we are, we're not doing what the prophet said. Better yet, we're not doing what God said through his prophet to his people. I believe that. He says he's waiting for us to do it. Let's point our guns at Satan today, brothers and sisters. Let's turn our guns on the devil. Let's recognize when we someone get see someone getting all stirred up and all out of bent out of shape because they're too rigid in their ways. It's the devil. We don't want to see anybody get too upset or too bent out of shape. But remember, we've got to be flexible in this world. God knows that we've got to be flexible in this world. He'll allow the circumstances to come our way to make sure that we are flexible. And you know, we look at nature, we can see it all over the place. When we see the trees, the trees outside when the wind blows and they start to sway and bend and sway and bend. Remember why they do that. It's not so that they can actually be stretched and broken and damaged. It's so that they can actually bend and stretch their roots. Because when they stretch their roots, holding the whole tree in place, what happens is there becomes a little bit of loose spot underneath the roots. And as that happens, those roots can actually start to grow deeper and deeper. So when the storms in our lives come, when the trials and tribulations happen our way, it's so that our spiritual roots can go deeper and get strongermen, not weaker. He's waiting for us to do it. And I've tried my best through these 18 years on the field to try to bring that together to see all the hearts united as one. All the tents stretch beyond the boundary line. I think it's beautiful. You know, we can we can we can we can behave in such a way that we can outshine the problems if we want to. I don't even know why we're doing this, but we are. I just have to trust the Lord. I hope it's okay. I hope we're happy today. I hope that this is the word of God. It's not my word. It's his word. Um we know that he said, "Let every man's word be a lie. Every word that comes out of a a mouth of a man be a lie, but his word be true." But here he had this woman that had this revelation. She heard about the master. She heard about this man Jesus and that he was in the land and that he was able to heal and her daughter was vexed with the devil. And I think it's interesting because what what does that mean? I know my life my whole life I growing up reading this story off and on. I always thought that it was kind of like the story where the the man had the son that was vexed with the devil and he was a lunatic and he'd throw himself in the water and he'd throw himself in the fire and we know that when Jesus finally said, "Come out of him, evil spirit." That's all he said. And what happened? The devil threw him down just like he was dead. They thought he was dead. That's not even part of the story today. But I always thought that it was a certain way, you know, is my point. And and maybe it isn't. What was the devil that she had? I think that we could come up with any kind of a an adjective or any kind of a description for a devil that we contend with in the age in which we live. There's many. We know the lid of hell was taken off in Hollywood. There's a 100,000,000 demons on the loose. Take your pick. We know this scripture applies today. We got to put ourselves there. I believe we can take and put ourselves there and say, "Lord, I've got a need. Maybe my child has a need. Maybe my spouse has a need. Maybe my friend, my sibling, my parent. Maybe an aunt and uncle. Maybe a brother or sister. Maybe a pastor has a need. But you can pray for him. You can go to God for any one of those people. Maybe a teacher, maybe a classmate, maybe a co-orker. There's so many different people that we can pray for. There's never ever a shortage of things to pray for in this world in which we live. Boy, you know, turn with me over to Matthew chapter 15. I think it's beautiful because it's, you know, the same story. Out of two or three mouths, let every word be established. Matthew chapter 15 verse 21. Then Jesus went thence and departed into the coast of Ty and Sidon. And behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coast and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David. My daughter is grievously vexed with the devil. Not just a little, but grievously vexed with the devil. But he answered her not a word, just ignored her. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, "Send her away, for she crith after us. She's causing a disturbance." But he answered and said, "I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel." Then came she and worshiped him, saying, "Lord, help me." But he answered and said, "It's not meat to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." And she said, "Truth, Lord, yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their master's table." Then when Jesus answered and said unto her, "Oh woman, great is thy faith. Be it unto thee, even as thou wilt." and her daughter was made whole from that very hour. Amen. She has a need. She's not even a Jew. She finally gets through. She fought to get there. And what did Jesus do? He called her a dog. You know, Brother Brandham says it. We'll get into it. He says it many times. We'll fight our way to get to Jesus. And that's as far as we go. He said, "You ain't even started then." You know, people who are in sales, they'll know what I'm saying here. I learned this. I learned this when I worked for a company. And uh in sales specifically, you know, the sale only starts at the word no. If you understand what I'm saying, when somebody says no, they don't want it. You're not selling until you're actually going beyond their rejection of that word of your pitch. The sale actually begins when you persuade them that yes indeed you truly need the product that I have. And here we have Jesus telling the woman, "Forget it. No way." Her disciples were say his disciples were saying that you're she's a nuisance. Get rid of her. Why do we have her here? But Jesus knew all things, didn't he? He knew what was going on. He needed to let it happen. It was for a purpose. You know, I I just think it's it's beautiful how we can look at the scripture. We can see these these stories and and read them and and look at them through the lens of this message of the hour. And you know, if you've listened to these messages, you'll know where I'm coming from today. if you haven't, I trust that we can impart sort of a little bit of the heart of of what we're trying to get at, you know, and and it's just I I can't help but think at the beginning of this message, Brother Brandom, he talks about the the neighbors. There's neighbors, they have ducks, and and each one has their own fencedin yard of ducks and they've got this division with their ducks. The ducks are the same ducks, but they're just two separate groups and they're fenced off and held apart. We probably all know the story very well. But what happened was the division started to disappear when the flood waters came. When the waters started to rise, the fence got shorter and shorter and shorter. And eventually there was no more fence. And what happened was the ducks were able to just swim together. They were able to be together. They were all the same. They weren't any different. And then he goes on to talk about the corn in the fields and how an aviator would fly and look at the corn fields and be able to see the the the specific field here of corn and there's another field here of corn and there's another field here of corn and you can see the fence lines and how there's very distinct lines of division, separation. It's the same product in each field but there's very specific differences, very dividing lines. And you know, he tells how that corn just kept growing and growing. And the same aviator that flew over and saw the fence lines, when that corn started to mature, it grew up over the fences. The fences didn't mean anything anymore. And why didn't it? Because that corn got more mature than those dividing lines. And as the aviator flew over later at the harvest time, what did he see? He saw one big crop of corn. I think that's so beautiful. It's a wonderful depiction of the Christian life. There comes a point in time where we have to move on and mature beyond the dividing lines, those division things that are here on earth created by the devil. It ain't created by the church. It's created by the devil. But I think it's beautiful. Brother Brandham, he says it he says it this way. So I think that's the way that it ought to be. We ought to just not see the fences, just see one big crop. We just if we grow a little bit, he says, "How many want to grow today?" I'll put my hand up and say, "I know that I'm not growing as much as I want. When I grow up spiritually speaking, I want to be like Jesus." We just we just need to grow a bit, he says. But as long as we're immature, we'll still be fenced off. That's the prophet's words. So I want to say today, brothers and sisters, if we've got divisions in our heart, if we've got fencing off in our heart, if we say whatever, are we mature? I I would think not. And I'm not saying we're immature. What I'm saying is maybe we need to be more mature. Amen. And I'll say this because I've had divisions in my heart. I'll say it. I'm not afraid to say it. There's times in my life where I've been very spir spiritually legalistic. Think about, you know, there's no way that I would ever do that. There's no way that maybe my family would ever do that. And you know what happens? God has a way of allowing us to become humble just a little bit to say, you know what? There is a way that you would do that. And there is a way that you could actually experience that. Just allow yourself to get a little air in your tires. Maybe just a little bit too much air in your tires. And God will let it out. exactly the way that we need it. That's how he works. Out of perseverance, brother Bradom, he says, "Someone was preaching one time, there was a boy that belonged to the First Baptist church when I was a missionary Baptist and I was preaching. There was some sister really enjoying it and and she got to crying and shouting and she was quite a ball player." He was quite a ball player, sorry. and and he met me a few days after that and he said, "I come to hear you last night, Billy, but said,"I couldn't do it for all them people saying, "Amen." Remember, he was a ball player. He likes to have people cheering. And said, "That woman sitting over there crying said, "That just got on my nerves so bad." I said, "Oh, it shouldn't do that." I said, "I don't think." He said, "Well, I can't imagine heaven being like that." Brother Brandham said, "I sure can." He said, "Well, that just made shivers run up my back." I guess this one's for free today. I said, "If you ever got to heaven, you'd freeze to death if you hear that noisy group up there." And what noisy group is that going to be, brothers and sisters? Uh-huh. This is the quietest place you'll ever live. He says, I'll tell you that because if you go to hell, he says it. There'll be weeping and wailing and nashing of teeth. If you go to heaven, why even the angels don't stop day and night screaming, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty." See such hallelujah and amens and praise the Lord. Well, you never heard such till you heard that meeting up there. So, this is a quiet place. And I want to say it today, brothers and sisters, this is a quiet place. Don't be bashful. Practice shouting to the Lord. Practice giving him worship and glory and honor and praise. That after all, that's why we gather here, isn't it? Why else would we come to this house, to this building? Yes. Just to have someone say some fine words and and and maybe look at ourselves in the mirror and shake some hands and go home. We come to meet with the living God. What was it in in Matthew chapter 15? I'm jumping ahead of myself again, but I can't help it. It's beautiful. What changed the circumstances for her? It said that she worshiped him. He refused her. She worshiped him. What brother Cadre preached here? Worship him. What have we heard so many times? You want to change the circumstances? Worship him. Yes. Don't let our our knuckles drag on the ground because we're so mopy like a Neandrith. Lift up those hands, those feeble hands unto heaven and give them praise. Hallelujah. You know, there's one thing that I know for sure is the devils when you come into church. Now, Brother Barry's probably sound a little bit crazy, but I'm going to say it straight. They love to just climb on the arms and grab onto the arms just like monkeys do on trees. You get 30 or 40 devils on each arm. But we need to shake those arms. Shake those devils off. And when it hurts our shoulders, oh, I've got that shoulder injury. Stretch into it, brothers and sisters, to give him worship and see if that shoulder injury won't disappear. [Music] Why will that happen? Because you're doing the right thing. Remember Sister Hadtie writes, "She said the right thing." Amen. That was an example for someone. Amen. Don't let the devil say, "I don't have to worship that way. That's just for them." Ah, that's just the devil. Shake off that devil and worship him the way he desires to be worshiped. Remember, this is a quiet place. I love what he says here. And I always afraid of anything quiet. You got to be w careful for those quiet people that never say anything because you can never tell what they're thinking, right? He says, "I'm afraid of anything quiet. It sounds dead." So, I'm not much for dead things. So, anything without emotion is dead. And he says, "The scientific research will prove that. Anything without emotion." So, if your experience hasn't got a little emotion in it, you better bury it and get something that's got some emotion in it. That's right. It's exactly. And I'll say it plainly, if you have no emotion, go get the Holy Ghost one time and see if you don't have some emotion. Remember the prophet said the Holy Ghost is without sensation, not emotion. When we go to saying, "Well, it's not without emotion. I I I just need to sit quiet and and it's just the way that I'm created." I want to say, "Stretch out of the place that you're in, the shell that you're living under. Crack out of it. Pip out of it. see if God won't meet you on the other side and bless you. I I'll tell you a little story about a cyber phoenician woman in this church building right here that stepped out of the ordinary on a boring old Wednesday night service in the middle of worship service. She stood up at the word of the Lord in her mind and her heart and she received healing for the breast cancer that she was contending with because she stood up and worshiped. She wasn't busy murmuring and talking bad about people and saying this and thinking that and dragging around all that baggage. What she was interested in was meeting with the living God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Applause] If we desire more from him, that's because there's more of him to be had. When there's a deep calling, there's got to be a deep to respond. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, Brother Bradam, he talks about it. What happens when you kick a dead person? They're dead. Kick them. Kick a corpse. Gentiles can do that. Jews have to go through the cleansing process. Well, when you kick a dead man, maybe he'll just move a little bit and that'll be it. You won't hear a sound. You might even hurt your foot doing it. It doesn't make any difference to him because he's dead. But brother Bradam says, you know, many times we're just a little too not dead. We're just a little bit too alive still. Soon as someone comes along and kicks us, what happens? Oh my, he kicked me. She kicked me. There's got to be a deep to respond, doesn't there? No. No. Because if we've truly died out to ourselves, is what the prophet's saying. If we've truly died out to ourselves, which is what the word of God says, we've got to die out to ourselves, every single speck of our old man has got to die in order for him to live. But there's just a little bit too much of that old man living inside of us. My, you know, Brother Bam, in this message, I think it's so good. He goes on and talks about a few different people and it's just so wonderful. He talks about Noah, you know, like the Syrphenician woman. Noah had a revelation. God spoke to him directly. God didn't speak to the whole earth and say that, "Excuse me, everyone is evil continually in their hearts and I'm going to send a flood. I want you to build an ark. Here's the dimensions." He didn't have a board of directors. There was no uh ministerial association, if you will. There was no consulting others about this. It was simply a personal revelation. And it was a revelation from God to Noah. And Noah began to act on it because he knew he heard from God. He didn't need anybody's permission. He wasn't interested in anybody's opinion. All he was interested in doing was following the word of God for his day. And we know that he was judged for it. The people mocked him. You can imagine millions of people on the earth. And here this guy with his revelation, brother Brham, he depicts it really good. They said he must have had sunstroke. the old bald bald-headed man up there on the hill beating on the wood putting up putting together an ark for animals cuz it's going to rain. He said, "We can scientifically shoot rockets into the atmosphere and prove that there's no rain." You know, isn't it interesting, brothers and sisters, for anybody that does see any of the modern posts that are online, I'm sure most of us have seen it. They're talking about the pyramids in Egypt right now. Now, Brother Brandham talks about the pyramid in Egypt, but they're saying they're finding things underneath them, and they're saying that these pyramids are from a civilization that's way far advanced from our civilization, something beyond what we could do, even in the way that they drill the holes in the rock. If you listen to what they talk about, I don't have the exact specifications, but they say there's no way today that they could even drill a hole in that rock the same rate of feed that they actually drilled in the day in whenever it was made. But, you know, it was an advanced civilization. Scientifically, they could prove that there was no rain. There was a mist. The anti-dolivian time, it was before the flood. Amen. You can imagine the way the earth was and and and and the knowledge that must have been here. They were direct descendants from Adam. Think of all of the oral tradition, all of the oral knowledge that Adam must have passed on to his lineage all the way down to all the different people and the secrets and the stories that they would have about the angels and the way it was in the Garden of Eden and and God's ways and and his behaviors, his nature, all of the stories that they had. Yet they were evil continually in their hearts. Yes. And only eight souls were saved because only eight people were willing to listen to the prophet in that day. Eight people. That's it. Out of the millions and and millions of people on earth. Only eight people. My But it didn't matter to Noah cuz he was going to go anyway. What a beautiful thing. And what was it? It was actually the the revelation that was in his heart. God spoke to him directly. And when that happens, brothers and sisters, remember he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I think it's beautiful in this message. It would probably be good if you get the time just to go and listen to it because brother Brandham talks about how God speaks to you in your heart. He does everyone. Some people will say, "No, you can't hear God." You know, dismiss that. That's a devil. We have to have a personal relationship with him. We have got to lay ourselves open so we can hear from him. The only way that's going to happen is if we're willing to tune out the rest of this world and give him the opportunity. You know, another one that he talks about, which is so good, is Moses. Moses, this guy was was was born in the house of Israel. And we know that the king found out, Pharaoh found out, and this was the devil's tactic. We've talked about this in the past, but the devil got in the pharaoh and and heard that there was going to be a deliverer and and there was a prophecy about this supposed to happen. And so what did the Pharaoh do? The devil in Pharaoh, he said, you know, all the kids that are two years and younger younger, all the boys, the males, kill them. Take them. Go and take them from all the women and just feed them to the crocodiles. Slide them down a sword. Do whatever you want to do. Just kill them. Don't let them live. All the babies being ripped from their mamas. Can you imagine that? What a terrible time. Excuse me. But that's the the day in which he lived. And and he was born under that. And his mom said, "No, I know. I know." Yoshel knew this was a different child. He was a proper child. And what did she do? She built a little basket, weaved a basket, pitched it within and without. Sound familiar? Put it out in the water. It was the water that saved him. And when he was out on the water, we know the crocodiles were eating babies all over the place. If you've ever gone fishing and and seen how fish operate, if you just take a little bit of of bait and you throw it out on the water, you want to see if there's fish there. You'll see them start eating it. The fish will come and start eating it. And and if you want to, you can throw a lure out and you'll catch a fish. It's not legal to do in the Bow River. Please don't ever do that. Check your fishing regulations before you do that. I'm not promoting that, but I'm just saying that that's what happened. So you can imagine the way the crocodiles would have been with all the babies and all the things being thrown in the river at the time. Probably hundreds of babies, maybe thousands of them. And here we have this one who is a proper child put in this little ark and slid out on the water. And we know brother Bradomy brings such a perfect depiction of it. All the other babies could be eaten by the crocodiles. But the angel of the Lord came and put his foot upon that that one basket and said, "Not this one. You can have all the rest of them, but you cannot touch this one. You leave this one alone." And isn't it interesting that Pharaoh's daughter just happened to be desiring a baby of her own and just happened to grab this child and just happened to meet this baby's sister and just happened to find out who the mom was and the mom was just given the ability to feed the child. We know the supernatural hand of God in this story. What a tremendous story it is. He comes to the place where he's now second in line for the throne. He's trained up in the ways of of of Egypt under Pharaoh. He's raised in the house of Pharaoh, eating the best, drinking the best, learning the best. But something wasn't right. And we know that he found out things were absolutely wrong. It came to light that he was not actually Egyptian, that he was Hebrew. And we know that because of that, he actually couldn't stand to see the Egyptians mistreating his family, his kin. And what did he do? He went and killed a man, threw him in the sand, and and ran away because he knew there was going to be a problem over it. He got afraid. Killed a man and then split. Found himself on the back side of the desert for 40 years. It took 40 years to get Egypt into him. He was 40 years old when he left. And we know that God allowed him to spend 40 years in the backside of the desert without all of the electronic signals, without all of the social media influence, without any of the friends and family that he once knew. He had to go and tend to life in a different way, his father-in-law's sheep. We know that he wound up getting married out there. He found himself on the back side of the desert. We know that brother Brandham says that we all need to have a backside of the desert experience, don't we? Why is that? Because he found the burning bush. And maybe even better yet, that burning bush found him. But the random talks about it how people must have been walking by, they saw the burning bush and thought, "Well, that's weird. Who cares? Keep going. I've got stuff to do. I've got things to do and places to go and people to see. There's there's appointments. We've got a schedule to keep, right? But this Moses, there was something in him. Something about that fire, that tree, something about that flame. Something about that is just it's just capturing my attention. And we know that he turned aside to look at it. And we know that as soon as that bush saw that he turned aside to look at it, the flame in the bush, as soon as God saw that he stopped to look at it, what happened? He spoke to him. He said, "Moses, can you imagine that out of a burning bush? Take off your shoes because the ground that you're standing on is hallowed." That that that must have shocked him. But he he he obliged. He said, "Hey, I I want to see what this is all about." And it's interesting because we know that through that he was told by God through a revelation, I want you to go down and take over Egypt. Amen. a oneman invasion of Egypt. And you got to imagine this guy knew about all of their devices. He knew about all of their war tactics and strategies. He wasn't just going in blind like one of us that would go in there. We'd say, "Well, they're e Egyptians. We don't know their ways of war." He knew it all. They knew him. Even when he went in there though and he even said to them, "How could I ever go in there and do anything? Who should I say sent me even?" And he said, "Tell them I am. I am said, let my people go. You just follow my instruction and I'll back it up." Turned into a oneperson invasion of Egypt. And we know all of the story. We could go on and on about it. And we know that he had many signs and wonders. There was all of the the plagues the that happened and the last plague, the final plague was the plague of death, the death plague. I can't help but think that's where we're at today, brothers and sisters, as parents. It it it behooves us to make sure that we're applying that token to our home, not as a tradition, not as a church membership, but as a real blood token. I'm not saying go and get an animal, but what I am saying is get the Holy Ghost for yourself and apply that token to your home, to your children. Put it on your home, your family, the way that we're supposed to until the age of accountability. You know, another one he talks about is David. It's just so beautiful. David, the story of David. Here he is, a little ruddy fella, just a sheep herder out minding his own father's business, outing sheep. not doing anything. We know that there was the cry in the heart of the children for a a king to happen and and in the land of Israel and and God said, you know, why do you need a king? Like you you got me, don't you? And they said, yeah, we know we we we we know that you're the same yesterday, today, forever, but you know, we're just looking around at all the other people and we just want to be like them. You know, we need to be careful what we look at. We need to be careful who we look at. We need to be very careful at the influence in our lives because it will draw our attention. And the children of Israel desired to be like the enemies of the land. Isn't that such a strange thing? We want a king like the Philistines. They're enemies. God said, "You know what? I'll do it. I'll give you a king if that's what you really want. But he's going to tax you. He's going to take your children and enslave them. They're going to go and work for them. They're going to have to go into the army. It's going to change. Everything around here is going to change. But if that's the way you want it, hey, God bless you. You can have it. And what did he do? He gave them Saul. He was head and shoulders above everyone else. Saul was really really stunningly handsome. He was he was a great guy. He was all around great. But what happened? He served the Lord in a great capacity. Must have been a wonderful time to see Saul rise up, to see the king, the one that God chose, right? But what happened was it got a little bit puffy in his life, in his mind. He got a little bit too big for his britches as it were. He wasn't willing to wait upon the Lord anymore. And we know there came a time where he decided, I'm just going to go and do a sacrifice myself. You know that prophet, he's always late. He always makes us wait. We're always wondering what's going on. We can never predict anything with that guy. So, we're just going to get it done. We're just going to be on time today. We're going to get it done and be on time. we're going to just go and do a sacrifice. And we know that while he was in the midst of a sacrifice, the prophet came and said to him, "What on earth are you doing? You know what? You're you're actually just being disobedient all over the place. God told you not to spare anything from the enemy, but yet you've taken the best of the cows. And what's this king here?" He grabbed the spear and thrust him through. Killed the king. The prophet had to do it. And he told David, "You know what, David? God's done with you. Saul, sorry. Saul, God's done with you. He's over you. You have disobeyed him for the last time and your kingdom is now rent from you. And we know what happened. Prophet turned to walk away and Saul started sobbing and begging. But you can't change God's mind. He gives us opportunities and we have the opportunity to serve him. And you know there's a shelf life. Brother Brandham says it that we can cross a line where there's no coming back. And I pray that we would never cross that line. That we would always stay away from the edge, not see how close to the edge we can get. But this Saul, he had his kingdom rent from him. And we know that the prophet said, "I don't know what's going to happen." And God said, "I do. I want you to go to the house of Jesse and I want you to anoint his kid, his son, king over Israel. And so he goes into the town. We know he goes in there and he says, "Where's your sons? Line them up." And he does. And he says, "Nope, none of these." And we know they were fine men. They were gentlemen. They were raised up. They were probably educated. They were smart guys. But what happened? There was one that wasn't there. And that one was busy dealing with his daddy's business, wasn't he? He was out being obedient to his father's will. He was out tending the sheep. While he was out tending the sheep, the prophet of God was looking for him. He didn't realize that that's who he was looking for. But he said to Jesse, "Ain't you got another one? Isn't there another one? Haven't you got another one? One more? There must be another one." So he went and he sent for him and he came and he said, "Yep, that's the one." And everyone was like, "No way. Can't be this ruddy little guy. This is just a little sheep herder." And you know, the prophet, he was God's eyes and ears and his mouth. And I think it's beautiful because the prophet, he was looking at the men from the heart, wasn't he? Just the way that God looks at us. Just the way that God looks at men. Men look at men and women outwardly. God looks inwardly. What's going on inside the heart? And anyways, God was able to say, "Hey, that's the guy." We know the rest of that story. There was a a long period of time where he was banished. Saul was still alive. Saul went mad. There was all kinds of different things that happened in the kingdom. But we know that David was already anointed king. There was no turning back from that. The prophet of God anointed him, said that you are king over Israel, even though all of the natural circumstances didn't line up. And I can't help but think, you know, brothers and sisters, how is it in the day in which we live, God says that we're sons and daughters of God, we're already seated in heavenly places, but here we find ourselves seated at Calgary Living Word Assembly on this little corner here in Calgary. How can we be seated in heavenly places? His word says so. And we know that his word said so about David as well. And all David did was just carry on, carry on. He didn't change anything. All he did was continue to to worship. We know that even while Saul was actually going mad before he really got after David, David cast out devils from Saul by worship, by playing music. Such a beautiful component, such an important part of our lives to be able to worship. But you know, David in this circumstance knowing that people were looking outwardly, but God was looking inward. God must have spoken to David. God had a personal relationship with David where David knew his God. He didn't care about what all the other people were thinking. He didn't care what they were saying. He knew that God dealt with him and and God even vindicated it with a prophet. We know there came a time where David was told by his dad, "Go see your brother, your brothers out in the battlefield. Take them a little sustenance and bring me report." This is what Jesse said. I want to see how they're doing. Give me give me some words on what's going on in the battle lines. and and he went out there again just doing his dad's will, following his father's business, being about his his his his father's business. He gets out to the battlefield and and all the brethren are up there on the hill and one side of the valley and the Philistines are up on the other side of the valley. And here we have down in the bottom the scene that David's seeing this giant boasting, boasting and boasting. Come on out, send me a champion. And we know the story very well. It's such a good story though because David, he knew something in his heart that nobody else knew. And when God gives us something, nobody can take it away from us. I think it's such an amazing thing. Brothers and sisters, if God has given us something, let's not discount it. Let's make sure that it lines up with the word. It will always line up with the word. It won't be contrary to God's word. Many times we'll have times in our life where we'll say, "God gave me this." But if it doesn't line up with the word, we just have to let it go. We have to be willing to do that. And I believe any true believer will. It's not something we even need to say. But you know, man, he looks outwardly. God looks inwardly. David is given the instructions to go give the report. Goliath down in the bottom boasting. And brother Bradam says it in this message that Satan will always boast when it looks like he's got the upper hand. He'll always be boasting when it looks like he's got the upper hand. And you know, I think that in the heart of every single one of God's true believing children, there's a little portion of David. There's a little portion of that person that just doesn't care what anybody thinks, doesn't care what anybody says, and they say, "I know my redeemer lives. I know that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever." But how? It's through all of our experience. We know that experience works patience in the lives of the believers. Because we have experience, we can say, "I know that God will come on the scene. I just need to hold still. I just need to hang tight. I need to surrender my will unto him and allow him to come on the scene and work it out, not try and figure it out on my own." But it's our experience that gives us the ability to deal with the boasting of the devil. Because David in that situation, what did he do? All the brethren were were like, "There he is. There he is. We need to be quiet. Don't Don't get him upset. He could come and get us. And David said, "You mean to tell me you're going to let this uncircumcised Philistine, the enemy, boast down there in our land? You're going to let him do that against the armies of the living God? This is the living God army up here. We have every single right to every single place in this land." Joshua was told, "Everywhere the soul of your foot treads is your possession." They're treading on our land. They're trespassing. They've got no right. But nobody had the revelation David had. David said, "You know what? I'll go take him." And they all said, "No, no, no, no, no." They're looking outwardly. No, no, no, no, no. You're you're you're you're just a ruddy little fella. How could you ever do that? And they said, "You know, this guy, we can't talk him out of it. We better tell the king. Quickly tell the king. Maybe the king can talk him out of it." So, he winds up going and talking to Saul. And Saul says to him, you know that he's a warrior from his youth and you are just a youth. What do you think that you can bring to this? And he said, 'Hey, I don't I don't know what to tell you except for my experience. There was a time where I was out hurting my father's sheep. I was about my father's business and and a bear came in and tried to steal one of the sheep. And what did he say? I slew that bear. Amen. I went and I actually slew that bear and I took that sheep back. That was my father's sheep. I wasn't willing to let that devil come and take that sheep. And he said, "Furthermore, there was a time where a lion came in and actually tried to take a sheep and I rose up against that lion and that lion tried to rise up against me. And what did he say? I grabbed him by the beard and I slew that lion. And you know, I can go and take this giant. I don't need to worry about all the stuff that you've got going on. You're all looking outward, but I'm looking inward by the spirit that's inside of me. And Saul said, "No, no, no, no, no. You you need to take my armor. Take my armor. Put on my armor, my vest, but take my sword and my shield. Don't go out there unprotected at least. Just just allow us to help you this much." And he said, "You know, I just can't manage that stuff." And we know, Brother Bradam talks about it being a religion. take the the certificate, the degree, the LLD or the maybe the Bible college degree. You know, the worst thing that we could ever do is try and mix a Bible college degree with this message of the hour. The worst thing that we could ever do is try and mix education, higher education with this message of the hour. It's okay to be educated, but as soon as that education starts to actually bump against faith in this word for our day, that's where we need to draw the line. But many times we can take it and try and mix it and cause a hybrid religion. We don't want to do that. David said, you know, I can't explain any of it. I don't understand any of these war tactics. Alls I know is that the living God is with us right here. And I know the promise. That guy cannot stand against the living God. And by the way, I've got five smooth stones in my script. And we could go on and on about that, but I just want to say it this way. He only needed one stone. He didn't need a sword. He didn't need a shield. When David got down there, we know that Goliath said, "I'll put you on the end of the spear and feed you to the birds. You know, you I've been crying for you to send me a champion and you send me a ruddy little boy." What do you guys think this is? And he just mocked him incessantly. And we know that David said, "Hey, today I'm going to cut your head off." And he did, didn't he? And he didn't cut his head off with his own sword. He didn't cut his head off with his own sling. He cut his head off with the the giant's own sword. He took Goliath's own sword and cut off his head. And we know that changed everything for Saul and and and and David. I don't want to get into that too much, but I just want to say this, brothers and sisters. Isn't it interesting? He had a revelation. Why'd you pick up five stones? Because Goliath had four brothers. There was five giants. He had a revelation. There was something inside of him that knew. But it's only going to take one stone because I'm just going to go and get in position. And I'm going to trust that I'm going to do what I just know how to do. And I'm going to let God do the rest. And that's what I do every time I come to this pulpit. Brothers and sisters, I don't know what I'm going to do. I just want God to do it. And I know that's what the musicians do. I don't know what I'm going to do. I just know how to play the piano. I just know how to play the guitar. I just know how to play the violin or the viola or the organ. But I'm going to let God do it. It's got to be God that does it. If we try and do a perfect program, we're going to squash the spirit of God out of our church. But if we can just get ourselves in a position like David, what we'll do is kill giants. And I think it's so beautiful because we could kill giants before a word is spoken from the pulpit. Brothers and sisters, just in a worship service, cancer can be killed. Amen. Just in a worship service, marriages can be healed. Just in a worship service, hearts can be forgiven. Amen. Hallelujah. What a bonus it is to get the word of God afterwards. My So, you know, brothers and sisters, alls we need to do is trust the Lord. Amen. Another one he talks about quickly, we're running out of time here. My goodness. Samson. Samson had a revelation from God. He had a revelation about the Nazerite vow because his parents taught him that way, right? He understood that he had a vow and as long as he could reach around and feel those locks, look out because nobody could stand in his way. This is the guy that would tear off the gate of the city and run to the top of the hill with it. Right now, many times, I love how Brother Bradom brings this out. Many times we look at that story and think that, you know, he must have been a really big man. Brother Brham says that he was mama's little shrimp. Amen. He was a little boy. But he could tear the gates off of a city and run to the top of the hill with them. What a tremendous thing. He had a Nazerite vow. His parents taught him that. And I just hope that this morning, brothers and sisters, somewhere along the way, we could just look around in our life and find that vow for ourselves. Amen. When the devil comes around, not if he does, when he does, we can look around in our life and see that vow in our life. We can point to that time in our life. Brother Brandham preaches a message from that time. There's always a time in our life. And it's a time where we can recognize that from that time everything changed in my life for the better or from that time everything changed in my life for the worse. Amen. There comes a time where we're going to make decisions and we get to choose. Thank you. Amen, brother Brandham. He says in this message, he says, "How much ought the church tonight that claims that you are born of the spirit of God standing in the meeting and see the vindication of the resurrected Jesus Christ and claim to be filled with the Holy Ghost and could sit still and let Satan push you around like he does." I trust that nobody here ever gets pushed around by Satan. The reason why I'm reading it today is because I've been pushed around by Satan. I've been slapped around by him and then I think, "Oh, yeah, I should pray." I'm just human, brothers and sisters. There's times where I get mad. There's times where I get sad. There's times where we deal with things as a human being. Let's not let Satan push us around. He says, "It's a strange thing. As long as you can feel the presence of the Holy Ghost, know that it's his word and his promise for this day, you should be persistent to press in until it's over. Perseverant. Stay with it. God promised it. It's not you, it's God. Amen. So many times in our lives, I think that's probably the the mistake is it's us. We try and do it. So many times as parents, we try and do it. Well, I've got to be the Holy Ghost for my children. We do. But what does the Holy Ghost do? Does he come around and actually grab us and shake us and and push us around and and hurt us and and and corral us? No, he doesn't do that. He speaks to us and says, "I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. If you do that, it's not going to turn out right. Please don't do that." And we have the ability to do that to our children, to encourage them, to train them up in the way they should go, not shake them up and make them afraid of us. Brother Bradam says in persevering and just as soon as that human name of God Jesus was spoke by a mortal lip. I think this is so beautiful this story. Another story of Jesus being born. The angel of the Lord coming unto Mary as soon as the name of Jesus was spoke by a mortal lip out of a human being. Mary got a revelation from the angel and nothing was going to stop her from seeing that come to pass. The only thing she did was say, "Be it unto me according to thy word. Just let it happen the way that you've said it. I accept it the way that you brought it. I don't want to try and make it something different." When that name of God, Jesus, was spoke by a mortal lip out of a human being, a dead baby come to life in the womb of a woman. And we know that was in Elizabeth. That was John the Baptist. and receive the Holy Ghost. I just think this is beautiful. And if it will do that to a baby dead in the mother's womb, what ought it to do to the bornagain church? The first time the name of Jesus Christ was ever spoke by a mortal lip. A baby dead in its mother's womb came to life and received the Holy Ghost. Whence cometh the mother of my Lord, said Elizabeth. For as soon as your salutation came in my ears, my baby leapt for for in the womb for joy. And today we claim to have the Holy Ghost and cowardly with it, afraid to move out. We've got to be persistent. If we got the real genuine Holy Spirit, we will be persistent. I think it's so good, brothers and sisters. My desire today is to encourage us to be perseverant, to be resilient, to be persistent, not willing to just settle for mediocrity, to say that, well, I prayed and nothing happened before, so what's the point in praying and you know, everything is just the same since the fathers fell asleep. It's not the same. The world is actually in a in a state of confusion right now. It's never been so dark. And here we are. We can look around and say the world is so dark and so evil and so terrible. But as all of that happens, the bride of Jesus Christ is getting brighter and stronger and greater in stature, not succumbing to the the the whelming flood of the enemy because the word of God says that when the enemy comes in like a flood, which he is, the spirit of God raises a standard against that flood. And that standard that he's raising is believers of this word. Real believers that are spiritfilled, not interested in being shaken to one side or the other. I don't care what what brother so and so said. I don't care what sister so and so said. I I don't care what they did or they didn't. It doesn't matter to me what's going on in their churches. It doesn't matter about anything what's going on even here in this church. I'm here for one purpose and that is to meet with the living God. Hallelujah. And when we come with that in our hearts, brothers and sisters, we will see God move in our midst. And I'm not preaching a a a signs and wonders ministry. I'm just saying, let's let's live under the maximum potential of the blessing of God in our lives. The prophet of God said in the day in which he lived, he said, you know, we live a thousand times below our privilege. Where are we living today? Are we caught up in this world? Are we caught up with upsets and downsets and insetss and outsets, all these different things in life? Or are we just steady as she goes, trust in the Lord with all of our hearts, leaning not not to our own understanding, looking at things outwardly in all our ways, acknowledging him. Amen. He'll be directing our path out of perseverance. Brother Bradom, he says, "And just as soon as that human name of God, Jesus was sp Oh, sorry, I uh doubled up there. forgive me. You know, getting back to our scripture today, I can see that we got 10 minutes here. This woman that we're talking of, this Syrphenician woman, she was a Greek and she had heard about Jesus. And you know, she had faith, didn't she? Something constrained her to go and fight her way through, to go and embarrass herself from all of her peers. They were probably saying to her, "You're going to go and get all mixed up with those holy rollers down there, all those Jews. Why would you bother going down there?" But something happened in her. She had faith. And you know, faith cometh by hearing hearing the word of God. And somewhere along the way, she had heard. And because of that, she had something that rose up inside her heart. And it caused her to act. She did not sit still. I think it's so beautiful. Somehow faith finds a source that others don't see. Faith, it's the substance of things hoped for. But the evidence of things not seen. We know through faith the worlds were formed. We could we could go on and on talking about it. It's Hebrews chapter 11, the faith chapter. But you know, brothers and sisters, I just can't help but think about this woman here. This woman, she worshiped God. Jesus in flesh told her, "You know what? It's not meat to give this bread, this this life that I've got, the words that I have to offer to preach to the dogs of the Gentiles. I won't even do it." And what did she do? She didn't let that deter her at all. She worshiped. And I just can't say it enough. Brothers and sisters, don't ever underestimate the power of worship because the worship I believe is what changed Jesus' direction here. She answered him. He said after she worshiped, but he answered and said, "It's not me to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." Just totally insulted her. And we know brother Brandham, he says it. I'll just say it here in paragraph 109 of Perseverance. She had broke through all these gates, all these critics and all the laughats and all the your husband will put you away. Your fellowship card is gone from the church. You'll have to find something else. You'll be cast away. You'll be called a holy roller. That didn't mean a thing to her because she had already seen God. She had heard. And faith cometh by hearing. and she knew that others had been healed. Why couldn't her daughter be healed? There you are. She comes through. Brothers and sisters, if we got a need in our heart, don't think for a second that it's just a tradition to raise our hand and say, you know, I I I have a need. And when the the the person says, anybody with a need, raise your hand unto him, don't think it's just a formal tradition. We're speaking to the living God. He sees us defy gravity. He sees us shaking off those devils and saying, "Yes, indeed. I've got no pride. I've got a need in my heart, Lord, and I trust that you're able to meet that need." I think one of the best things that we can ever have is a testimony service because we can hear about what God's doing in people's lives. When we can hear that God did that for that person and met that person on those grounds, we know that if we meet God on those same grounds, he will meet that need in our life. Yes, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Out of perseverance, he says finally she arrives at the feet of Jesus. And notice what a shock many people think because they can get there. They can get all the way through to Jesus. Maybe in a prayer meeting, maybe in a service, they can get all the way to Jesus. They get there, that's all there is to it. He says, "But you've just started now. You got to Jesus. You just started now. When she got to Jesus, what a disappointment to her or it would have been maybe to us in this day. Jesus said he wasn't even sent to erase. My goodness. Just go and cry out with all of its might and say, "Lord, I need a touch from you. Lord, my daughter needs a touch from you. Lord, my marriage needs a touch from you. Lord, my church needs a touch from you. Maybe Lord, I can't stand to hear that kind of preaching anymore. I need something deep. Maybe if you want more from God, there's more to be had. Just cry out to him. 1964 and persevering. He goes on to say, "Now here, some time ago, I just remembered at the tabernacle, I see some of the brethren sitting here from the tabernacle tonight, there was a lady I had come into the church. We have about every night. What we got in here is our meeting." And so then I I was praying for the sick that night and there had been a woman come and there had been a woman come from California had a tumor. The tumor itself weighed 50bs. Can you imagine that? Packing around a 50 lb tumor. So they had had her in the back. So they told he wasn't praying for the sick that night. Can you imagine how disappointing that must have been for her? Traveled all that way, carried all that weight, so much anticipation to find out they weren't praying for the sick that night. My it was just coming down to speak because I just come from a meeting and when I went out the back door two of the deacons had drawn her around the house in a chair and sat her at the door pushed through right and right on the ground. And when I come out she caught me by the trouser leg when I went out. She said, "Brother Brandom, the only thing I ask you is lay your hands on me." She said, "My tumor will go." And she was just about like this. About 6 weeks from then, she was in a meeting. And I took the sisters to go in and examine her. Without any operation, there wasn't a speck of the tumor nowhere. No matter if it wasn't the night to pray for the sick, she was perseverant. She got what she asked for. Hallelujah. faith found its place and had a hold. I'll call the musicians this morning. I just want to say, brothers and sisters, be perseverant. Amen. Amen. Don't be willing to just give up. Don't be willing to say, "It must be this way." Don't be willing to say, "I prayed and I prayed and God never answered it." You know, he's going to answer every single time we pray. He might not answer the way we want him to, but we need to be able to say, "Be it unto me, Lord, according to thy will." If that's the way you want to answer it, then I accept it that way. But if you don't want it that way, Lord, then I know you won't allow it to stay this way. That's the God we serve. We know that he is more than able to meet every single one of our needs. Maybe stand with me as we close. this morning. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, thank you for your word. Lord, thank you for the story of this Cyranician woman. Lord, all she must have gone through to fight her way to come to you, the master. all of the doubters, all of the people saying that it won't work out the way that she thinks it will. Father, I pray that we would just be able to have a personal revelation with you and just trust that you would lead us and guide us, Lord. That you would not lead us astray. Father, we're so thankful that you have given us your will. We know many times when people are going to pass away, they write a last will and testament and that their wishes would be carried out. And we know that's what you've done with your Bible. Only you're not dead. And you have given us your will. And it's up to us to read it and accept it the way that you've given it to us and to say thank you for the riches that you have given us in Christ Jesus. Lord Jesus, this morning I pray that Father, if there's anybody that has a need that maybe they haven't seen met before in their life, if anybody doesn't know you in the excuse me, the power of your resurrection, Father, I pray that you would just reveal yourself. If anybody needs to have another touch from you because maybe our experience has grown cold, Father, I pray that you would light that fire once again, Lord Jesus. Father, oh Lord, we all need to have a little more of you. Father, we know there was only one difference between the the five foolish and the five wise virgins. They the only difference was five of them had oil in their vessels. Lord, help us to have oil in our vessels. Lord Jesus, oh Father, more of you and less of us. We know that you're more than able to meet the needs in our lives, but help us to just put you first, Father. Help us to recognize that there's not one challenge of the devil that can't be met by you. Lord, we love you and we thank you and we just commit all of our needs into your hands for your care. We pray that you would keep your hand upon us as we go our separate ways today, Father. and that Lord Jesus, even when it would seem like there's no hope, help us, Father, to just take a hold of your hand and trust in you with all of our hearts. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Can we sing 758, Victory in Jesus. Victory in Jesus. I heard an old story. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about his glory of his precious blood at me and I repented of my sin and I want the victory. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. Sorry. Where are you? [Music] I heard [Music] about you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Amen. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Can we sing 518? 518. Let's talk about Jesus. [Music] Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Talk about [Applause] Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] the world. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's talk about Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing that song? There's just something about that name. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Sorry. I just want to sing that song like the fragrance after the rain. [Music] about that name is the master. Savior Jesus like the fragrance after [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] and the kingdom they will pass away but there's something about your name Jesus Jesus [Music] Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Something about that. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Saveior Jesus. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] They will [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] 397. I worship you. God bless you today. Pray the Lord keeps you throughout the week. And it's his will for us to meet again on Wednesday. Amen. When I look into your holyness, when I gaze into your loveliness, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart, comes enthroned in your love. All things that surround me become shadows in the [Music] light. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] The reason I is to worship you. When I look into your [Music] holiness. When I look into your holy name. When I gaze into your [Music] loveliness, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you. Amen. Help us Lord when I found the joy of reaching your heart. When my will becomes enthroned in your love. All things that surround me become shadows in the light of you. Hallelujah. What an honor. Lord, I worship you. God bless you [Music] today. I worship [Music] you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I might see [Music] you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Where do you want to go? Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] La. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
