################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 2025-04-09 Bro. Barry - Q&A Election (Seven Church Ages Study) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    2025-04-09 Bro. Barry - Q&A Election (Seven Church Ages Study)
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_mqAboJCJ0
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Q&A Election
Wednesday, April 9th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Good morning. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Good evening, saints. Please stand with me. Just the chorus. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. I have seen ears of heard was recorded in God's word is in Jesus my Lord. Wonderful is he wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful is Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. And I see is in God's word. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Wonderful. Is he who is in he wonderful wonderful isn't Jesus my Lord. [Applause] [Music] Wonderful. Is her support in Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never end. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. And Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Don't ever turn. Jesus, I'll never forget for what you've done for me. And she never sh I never [Music] forget I'll never forget boy I'll never forget what you and I never forget how you see Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Amen. If I can ask Steve focusing if you could open the service in prayer. God bless you everyone. It's pleasure to be here. It's nice to see all your smiling faces. This is uh our heads and our hearts this evening. Heavenly Father, we're Once again, so privileged and honored, Lord, to be in your house tonight, Father. We're we're thankful. We give you thanks, Lord, for the grace that you give us in our lives. We give you thanks for your love, Lord. We give you thanks for your longsuffering, all the things, Lord, that you do for us, Father. Words can never describe how much they mean to us, Lord. As we look around us now, we're surrounded by so many distractions and so many things that would so easily get us down or get us out of sync with you, Lord. And that's that's our desire tonight is to make sure we are in sync with you, Lord. So help us, Lord, Father, to to just get close to you tonight, Lord. Our desire only is to have more of you, to be more like you, Father. And we ask you, Lord, to speak to each heart, Lord. you know the the challenges that we all face, Father. You know the needs that we all have, Lord. I just pray that you would address each one individually. Lord, you know exactly what we're dealing with, Father. And we just ask you to to bless each one here tonight, Lord, and bless the service, Lord. May you just be with Brother Barry as he is preparing and and prepares to speak and speaks the word tonight, Lord. Because that's that's all we're here for tonight, Lord, is the word. That's what we want to hear from from you tonight, Lord. That's our desire. We just ask you, Lord, to be with the remainder of the song service and we commit the remainder of the service to you. In Jesus name we humbly pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. This is your house. What a confession. What a desire. Amen. This is your house. [Music] Father come and dwell. This in your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is [Music] who This is Come and dwell. We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. Oh, let your glory fill the sanctuary. [Music] for the graces of your [Music] people. Lord, we agree in [Applause] unity. This is the house. Father come and dwell. This is the house. It's a house of prayer. When the heavenly bring their burdens and their cares. This is your This is your heart. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit overflow this place. Oh, grace our host with grace and mercy. [Music] That's my [Music] search [Music] [Applause] for this is Lord. [Music] Oh, this is for us. It's a holy house of [Music] praying the first. This is This is [Music] Lord and Amen. What a confession. [Music] I don't know how to say exactly how I feel. I can't be here to tell you what your love has meant. I'm lost for words. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart? And I express how great I think you are myst [Music] Lord, this is my desire to hold my love for you. I walk upon your feet like you drink. Like water from my heart, I pour my love on you. He wait for me. I never [Music] [Applause] [Music] for my [Music] love. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how a great I think you are my friend. This is my desire to hold my love for you like [Music] my love for you like I love you my Till every drop is gone. Oh my love. Like oil upon your feet. Like water from my heart. I pour my love on me. Raise like perfume. I smile. Every drop is all [Music] my Amen. Amen. Can we sing the chorus? [Music] Happy day when Jesus washed my sins away. He taught me how to wash and pray and live before me. Sing every day. Happy day. Happy day. when Jesus washed my sins away. Oh happy day, happy day when Jesus wash my sins away. He taught me how to wash and pray and live every sing happy day. Happy day when Jesus washed my sins with me. Happy day. Happy day when Jesus washed my sins away. He taught me how to wash and pray and lift me up. Sing every day happy. Oh happy day. When Jesus washed my sins away. Amen. Has he washed our sins away? Amen. [Music] I like the old time singing, shouting. I like the old time [Applause] way. I like the old time singing. shouting. I like the old time. One more time. Oh yes. I like the old time singing shouting. Oh, I like the old [Music] [Applause] time. I see shouting. [Music] time. I sing about my Savior. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I say everywhere I go, there's joy, joy in my soul. Oh yes, I like the old time singing, shouting. Oh yes, I like the old [Applause] time. I like the old time singing, shouting. Oh yes, I like the old time. And I sing about my savior everywhere I go. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I sing about my sing. Everywhere I go, for there's joy, joy. One more time. Oh, I like the old time singing, shouting. Oh yes, I like the old time. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I like gold singing sound. I like gold and I sing I sing about my sing. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I sing about my sing. Everywhere I go for there's joy joy in my soul. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I come to you today with a single with a [Music] for that's [Applause] [Music] been let my life my [Music] Oh Lord, praise you and praise you. Praise you. Bless my life. Oh, this is my praise. Praise you. Praise you. [Applause] [Music] Oh, great. He formed us and Lord you formed me out of complain. and for his glory. And for high was free. [Music] That's my That's all we have to [Applause] [Music] offer. [Music] And as brother Barry comes, [Music] My praise you praise you. Praise you. Let my life. Oh, let my life. Oh, [Music] verse one. Lord we come Lord I come to you today with a simple with a [Music] here to pray that everything lasts in everything I give it all to him. Oh, bless my life. Oh yes, [Music] Lord. Let's praise him this evening. Oh [Music] [Applause] yes. [Music] [Applause] Praise refuse. Let the rocks cry out. We'll cry out ourselves. Amen. Praise you. Praise you. Oh yes. Let my [Music] life praise you. [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord one more time on a Wednesday night. You know, it uh it's just a real honor and a privilege to get together in the evening time. Amen. just like to welcome brother Steve with us. God bless you, brother. It's good to see you. And each one certainly thankful to be in his presence once again. We just have a few requests tonight that we would like to remember before the Lord as we go to him in prayer. Brother Johnny Huckluck, just continue thanking the Lord for his will in his life. We have a few unspoken requests tonight. We just want to hold before the Lord. And I have uh an old friend that I had mentioned before. Just want to mention his name again. Sean Mitchell. I believe he's looking for a touch from the Lord. If you have a need tonight, maybe just defy gravity and make it known unto him. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you for this opportunity to gather together in your name. Amen. Lord Jesus, one more time on this side of eternity. Yes. Amen. We don't know how many more times we have these opportunities, Lord. Father, we're just so thankful that we know the only reason that we're here is because you called us here. Father, you spoke to us, Lord. You gave us the ability to hear what the spirit saith unto this church, Lord, into this age. And Father, tonight we celebrate that, Lord, by giving you worship. Hallelujah. Father, what an honor and a privilege it is to worship you, Father, in spirit and in truth. Thank you. And Lord Jesus, tonight we just thank you for your goodness and your tender mercies to each and every one of us. Father, Lord Jesus, tonight we just want to remember each and every request that was made known unto you tonight by the way of an uplift hand. Father, we just want to commit the needs unto you. We know that you are more than able. Father, we want to just remember Shawn Mitchell, the old friend of mine. That you would, Lord, touch him, Lord, in a special way, Father, somehow some way that perhaps he would be able to have an ear to hear as well, Father. That he would be able to drink from this fountain, Lord Jesus, that we live from. Father, we just pray for him tonight. Lord Jesus, we just want to remember the unspoken request. You know the needs, Father. Lord Jesus, sensitive issues, Lord, that only complex problems, Lord, that only you can resolve, Father. Amen. Tonight, we just commit them all unto you, Lord, knowing that you are more than able, Father. And we thank you for working them out according to your will and your purpose. And father, tonight we thank you also for brother Johnny Huckleak, Lord, and the testimony in his life about what you're doing to him and through him. Father, we pray that you would just continue watching over him and encouraging him by your word. And Father, we'll be careful to give you all the praise and all the glory when we see the testimony in his life. Amen. Father, now as we turn to your word, we pray, Lord, that you would, as brother Steve mentioned, that you would just speak to us, Father, help us to push aside all of the cares of this world, Lord, all of our thoughts, all of our carnality, Lord, and just give you the full preeminence that you desire. We just love you and we thank you. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. And tonight, if you have your Bibles, I would like to read from the second epistle of Peter, chapter 1. And uh tonight, I would like to tackle begin tackling because I don't think that we'll ever be able to really get it straight. But uh the question, the one question that I did get uh first question about the exposition of the seven church ages from our church age book study and that is on election. I don't know if we will be able to actually uh do it justice in just one service. In fact, I'm pretty sure we won't. So, we'll just see what the Lord will do. But second Peter chapter 1, Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ. To them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. Amen. Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to your virtue knowledge, and to your knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren, nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind, and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if ye do these things, ye shall never fall. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for your word. We're so thankful that it's not just a textbook, print pages of history, that it's truly a living word. And Father, tonight we pray that you would just take and and breathe life into this word one more time for us tonight, Lord. That when we leave this building tonight, we would say truly we heard from you one more time. We just commit that all that's said and done in to your name. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. I uh I think it's just a wonderful study here. this this thought of election and uh looking at the uh the scripture that we read tonight knowing that there is a formula there is actually an instruction there is a method to actually seeing ourselves not fall and there's also a little bit of a reflection looking the other way and I think it's interesting verse 9 says after the the virtues you know that we we so often talk about in the pyramid of brother Brham in the church ages we're very familiar with that but in verse 9 it says but he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off and you know many times what happens is we wind up just looking right in front of us at one thing instead of looking at the big picture. He that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence, be careful, be cautious, be diligent to make your calling and election sure. I think that's so beautiful and and it's such a wonderful description because if we do that, we're focusing on ourselves. We're saying, Lord, be it unto me according to thy word. Not go and correct brother or or deal with sister, but just deal with me. Change my heart, Lord. It's such a beautiful thing. Amen. And and if we're doing that, it says here, "For if you do these things, ye shall never fall." Who who wants to never fall tonight? I think it's such a beautiful thing. We have a formula for it. And you know, if we're elected of God, we'll never fall. It's that simple. But it's it's not simple. It's one of those simple things. This election discussion is one of those simple things that's very very complicated and very deep. And uh you know, just carnally speaking, there's no way the human mind can understand it. Brother Brandham says it. The only thing that we can do is accept it by faith that God is sovereign and he will do things the way he does things. And there's nothing that we can do about that. But I think we do have the ability to comprehend and and the ability to understand some things about God, about his nature and and the way he is and how he is immutable in his nature and his ways. Meaning that he will never change. We change, human beings change, um countries change. There's a lot of different things in this world that change, but God never changes. It's such a wonderful thing that we can have that anchor point for our salvation. But I just thought this would be a really good scripture to start with as we dive into this. Wherefore the rather brethren, giving diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, ye shall never fall. If we're willing to just give diligence and make our calling and election sure, make sure every single time we think about the Lord just to check up with him. And every single time we aren't thinking about the Lord, we ought to be thinking about the Lord because every time we do a business transaction, every time we we go to school, every time we go to work, every time we come to service, every time we get up, every time we go to bed, every time we have a thought firing in our mind, we ought to be thinking about the Lord. Amen. And and and don't get me wrong because I'm not saying that we should be so spiritually minded that we're no earthly good because some people try to run that that route and and that's an awfully tough row to hoe, so to speak. We can get that way where we make everything spiritual. And you know, I'm not saying that. What I am saying is the word of God says to pray without ceasing. That's the word of God. So, we ought to have a God consciousness is is what I was taught that that just goes with us wherever we're at. Whatever we're doing, whenever we're doing it, there's a God consciousness with us. We're always thinking about him. He's always present. Where this question arose is out of the exposition of the seven church ages in the Sardisian church age. And uh brother Brandham, he says, "Now, let us go another step." and and he really talks about it before this. I didn't want to do that tonight just for the sake of time. I wanted to bring a few other quotes and just preach a little and try and transition maybe a little bit out of the exposition of the seven church ages and get back to preaching again. But I just think it's there's so much in here. I don't know if we could ever get away from this book. But the question is about election. How do we understand election? How how does that apply to us? So brother Brownie says, "Now let us go another step. But before we do, let us review our case thus far. First of all, we know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. Now, in this quote, he talks about four different classes of people, four different types of human beings that have been on the earth since the very beginning in the Garden of Eden right up to the very end at the white throne judgment. It was purposed in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that would be a word bride. Amen. Remember he talks about in the church age book that she is a virgin to his word. And that means that she will accept nothing else. No man-made creeds, no traditions, no teachings of men, no nothing except for the word. She was fornown sorry she was chosen before him be she was chosen before the foundation of the world in him she was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth she was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation I think that we could just stop there and probably shout a while if we find ourselves in that category. She can never come into condemnation. Hallelujah. But yet, how many of us here in this building tonight would say, "I have condemnation in my life. I have had condemnation in my life and I probably know myself that I will have condemnation in my life. He the prophet of God just God through the prophet said that she will never have condemnation. How does that work? It's a paradox. Brother Brham preached in 1965. It's a paradox. How could it be so so true yet so difficult to actually understand? We understand it by faith. We believe it by faith. It's Hebrews chapter 11, the faith chapter. But this whole thing, she can never come into condemnation. I think that's so beautiful. That was really my heart's desire tonight as we preach this, as we talk about this is to really kind of grasp this, that she, the bride, will never come into condemnation. We're going to make problems in our lives here on earth. We're going to to upset in this life. We're going to have situations and circumstances continually. That's where the devil's going to try and get us on every single chance that he gets. But the way God sees us is the way he made us. Amen. And that way is perfect because she is a part of him and he is perfect. It's just so beautiful here. She was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed unto her. How can that possibly be? Sin cannot be imputed unto her. Oh my, I love that. Romans 4:8, "Blessed is the man whom the Lord will not impute sin, but indeed she shall be with him in his throne of judgment, judging the world, even angels." Her name, each of her members, was written in a section of the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Now, I believe tonight and every time we gather, that's who we're preaching to. Amen. That class of people. Amen. But we know the prophet of God said there's always three in every church. It's not up to us to decide who is who. It's up to God to decide that. It's up to us to treat everyone as though they fit that category, that one that we just read. Every one of them, the elect of God. And it's up to God to sort them out. It's not up to us. Secondly, there is another class. Their names are also in the book of life and they will come up in the second resurrection. Such are the foolish virgins and the righteous as are spoken of in Matthew 25. In this class also are those who do not worship the beast or become involved in the antichrist system but die for their faith even though they are not in the bride not having been born again but they will come up in the second resurrection and go into eternal life. How could they not be born again and still come up and have eternal life? I think it's a beautiful thought. Because we know for sure the people that reject the message of the hour that don't actually get the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, that's the class, the category they'll find themselves in. They haven't really been born again. We haven't been converted until we actually get the Holy Ghost in our life. We know that's what brother Brandham said. Though they are not in the bride, not having been born again, but they will come up in the second resurrection and go on to eternal life. Amen. Thirdly, there are the borderline Christians such as we saw in Israel coming out of Egypt. These had their names in the book of life and their works written in the books. These having failed to obey God and being void of the spirit, though even the signs and wonders were amongst them, will have their names removed from the book of life. I think this is so amazing if we could just read these, study these. I I believe this anyways and and and absorb what is being said because so much is being said in in these paragraphs. It's it's almost impossible to really absorb what the prophet is saying, the gravity of what he's saying here. But I I I just want to say this. I think myself what I experience is the devil tries to bring things around to make it seem like I am going to fit in one of those last two categories that we read. Somehow somewhere along the way I'm going to have to stand and give an account for my actions here on earth. A and you know if we judge ourselves here now we're not going to be judged. Then we're going to be seated with him in his throne. And that is our ability to not come into condemnation is to judge ourselves here according to God's word. To say unto ourselves, "Be it unto me according to thy word." If you don't want me to wear pants, I won't wear pants. If you don't want me to wear shorts, I won't wear shorts. If you don't want me to cut my hair, I won't cut my hair. You don't want me to listen to that music, you don't want me to watch that movie, you don't want me to go to that place, don't want me to hang out those people, whatever you want, Lord, is what I want. Because what you want is going to make me happy. These having to having failed to obey God and being void of the spirit though even the signs and wonders were amongst them. Remember away with experience as the plum line. That's what the prophet said. That is not our measuring stick. Satan can impersonate any gift. Though even signs and wonders were amongst them will have their names removed from the book of life. My I personally think brothers and sisters we might have the ability to help influence some people to see eternal life. Amen. By giving them opportunity to do good to the bride of Jesus Christ to save them from the lake of fire. Brother Brandham said he wanted to take as many people with him as he could. Amen. And I know that if we ever lose the burden for souls, then we have got a problem with our experience. But they'll have their names removed from the book of life. Amongst this group will be the ones like Judas who though entirely void of the spirit but are religious will have manifestation in their lives. And though on the books were not the elected in him, such also as Balum will be in that group. Fourth and finally are the ones whose names have never been or will ever be written on the books. Such are found in Revelation 13:8. Revelation 17:8. and all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. The beast that thou sawest was and is not and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit and go into predition. And they that dwell on the earth shall wander whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world. when they behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. Jesus said that a certain group would accept one who came in his own name. That one is the antichrist. And that is exactly what it says of them in Revelations 13:8 and 178. These were ordained of God, but not unto election. And with this group is such that are as Pharaoh. It says of him, even for this same purpose have I raised thee up vessels of wrath fitted to destruction. Romans 9:17 and 22. None of these would be placed on the records of life. I'm not saying that there is no record of them. No doubt there is some kind of a record of them, but not in the records of life. Their purpose of existence has been dealt with slightly in the rest of this book. But we can add two more scriptures. Proverbs 16:4, "The Lord hath made the wicked for the day of evil. Job 21:30, "The wicked is reserved to the day of destruction, or they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath." Boy, I think before we go on, I just want to say the bride of Jesus Christ does not fit any one of those other three categories at all. If the devil comes around and says that we're going to have to go and be judged, if you ever get those thoughts in our mind, you know it's the devil because God said through his prophet that she won't be judged. Amen. She will not come into condemnation. So, I don't know about everyone here, but I know myself, I have had those thoughts that somehow someway I'm going to have to give an account. I'm going to have to be judged. I'm going to have all this problem down the road because of the life that I I've experienced, the life that I live, the times that I fail, the times that I fall. And you know, it doesn't matter because my heart's desire is to get on my face before the Lord and say, "Lord, forgive me. I don't want to be in this flesh. I don't want to be in this past house. If I had my way, I would be in my theophony body right now. But I find myself here. And the only desire that I really have is to serve the Lord with all my heart and all my mind and all my soul. But every single thing in this world that's created in this world in Satan's Eden is against that. So when the devil comes around and lies to us, just remind him he's a liar. Amen. If we hear anything in our minds that's contrary to that word that says she will not come into the condemnation, just remember that's the devil speaking. Anyone that says that is off base. They've actually missed the mark for our day. The mark for our day says that she will not come into condemnation. We're not going to be judged because we're judging ourselves now. Now, I I know there's going to be some people that aren't willing to judge themselves now. They're just willing to judge other people and that's just God's work. It's not ours. But the true believers are going to be the ones that are judging themselves in the word of God. They're going to be saying, "Be it unto me according to thy word." And that's that. He says this, "Since this portion of the word is hard for the human mind to grasp, it must be accepted and believed by faith." Just like being saved, we have to accept that and believe by faith that we're not going to go into the condemnation. We're not going to be judged. God has called us. He's given us the ability to receive salvation for our souls. But it's a dual covenant, isn't it? Amen. Because he also took stripes before he was crucified for our sin. And those stripes were for our healing in our bodies. And I know that every single one of us would be able to raise their hand and say, "Yes, I know he's healed me in my life. Somewhere along the way, I've had an illness and he's healed me." Every single one of us has that ability to do that because he is our healer. He's given us the ability to have healing in our lives. But we don't want to major on that. We want to major on salvation as we talked about on Sunday because many people from the other categories can be healed and then still be in those other categories. We don't want to worry about healing. Healing will follow. All we want to do is put the word first. If we can put him first, everything else will follow. But you know, this portion of the word is really hard for the human mind to grasp. How can that be? That some people are just made for destruction. Boy, and I know we've all heard it said somewhere along the way that, you know, those people over there, they're this or, you know, that group is a little bit of that. You know, we don't want to get caught up in that. We're putting people in categories. People are not cannon fodder for us to say. It's not up to us to say people are serpent seed. That's up to God. Amen. We know what serpent seed is. We know exactly what that doctrine is. But we're not we're not to go around and start classifying people in these categories. We want to try and encourage people. Give them the opportunity. Give them some encouragement. The people that don't have a chance that will never see Jesus Christ except for the interaction that we have with them on earth. Amen. We know, we've heard it so many times that we could be the only Jesus that a human being ever sees on earth, the life that we live before the people, the interactions that we present. And how easy is it to get a hot head? How easy is it to get offended? How easy is it to just have the humanity, the things that we contend with in our lives get in the way and cause problems? But you know this portion of the word is hard for the human mind to grasp just like it is for salvation just like it is for healing. But we just believe it. We accept it by faith. God said it. I believe it. That settles it. He says some will be offended but what I have by what I have set forth because they fail to understand the sovereignty of God. And that really is what it comes down to. I think I've told the story. Once upon a time after I was saved uh a little while, I went to a friend's funeral, a worldly friend in England, and while we were over there, they wanted to go and have a a stag party. And I I I don't know. I guess I didn't really think that one through. I really didn't think that one through. And And I'm only going to be honest with you. We we we were in a foreign land at a foreign house and the group of boys or English boys and they wanted to take and take the friend out. The two guys came from Canada, the English friend of mine and and myself and he wanted me to be the best man for his wedding. So here I find myself in the situation to support him and try and encourage him. And we get over there and uh they're going to go out and and have an evening out. And as a believer, I just wasn't even thinking clearly. I guess maybe I'm going to blame it on jet lag, but uh we wound up going out on the town along like an hour journey away from where we were in London. Now, they're going to have a stag party and and so it was interesting. It was an all day thing. It started at a at a game of cricket. And I apologize for the story, but it's just a life experience that I think is important for what we're talking about here. It started with a game of cricket in in the early late morning and then it went all through the afternoon and then it went to the evening we went to a restaurant and went to another restaurant and before long we find ourselves at the pub and they're talking about going to another type of pub and I that's where I said you know what I'm not doing this I'm not doing this I don't care where we are or who we're with this is where I draw the line in the sand I'm not doing that I will not I refuse I'll I'll just walk somewhere I don't know, go get a hotel. I don't know what I'll do, but I'm not doing that. And uh so then they said I was a, you know, a party pooper and I was really raining on the parade and the experience. It was kind of funny, but we found ourselves at this other place and uh it was a pub and it was really low-key and they were doing their thing and I was just kind of there lamenting that I was there and really wanting to go. But this one guy that was part of the group, you could see the way it goes. He was drinking. They were drinking and he got drunk. And as he did, he finally came and said what was on his mind, what was on his heart to me. And I know it wasn't even him that was talking, but he wanted to challenge me on on scripture. He wanted to challenge me on a couple of scriptures that he knew of and and God and all this stuff. And we we had to have the conversation straight out at the end to say, "Hey, you know, do you believe that there is a God? Do you believe that there is a sovereign creator of the universe and that the Bible is the infallible word of God? And he said, "No, no way. Why would I believe that?" And I had to say to him, "Then we have absolutely nothing more to say." You might as well just have another beer, my friend. I can't help you. If you're not willing to acknowledge God as God, then I can't help you. But I'll tell you what, I do see him as a sovereign creator of the universe. and I see his word as my absolute and I won't deviate it one iota. It doesn't matter who's drinking or who's doing what. That's why maybe call me that kind of a guy, but that's why I would say I am a Christian because I put his word first and I won't deviate for one second about that. But it just really kind of struck home for me to see that this individual had absolutely zero desire to even talk about God being the absolute about the Bible. But yet he wanted to challenge me on the scripture. I thought it was intriguing. But you know I I just had to say you know what you don't see it that way then we have nothing more to talk about. Brother Branomy says here, I set forth because they fail to understand the sovereignty of God, which sets forth that God is God. And because he is God, one cannot defeat his councils or thwart his will and purpose. But he being omnipotent is ruling in all affairs and is doing whatever he will with all his creation because all were created for his good pleasure. And we know as the elect bride of Jesus Christ, that's scripture that he's saying that that all of it was created for his good pleasure. We even sing that song, Majesty. That's why we're created. is for his good pleasure. But you know, it's it's it's amazing to look at this and and see that God will always have his will come to pass. And it just brings to mind the scripture, the prophet Micaiah, you know, where uh Elijah the prophet was there and Ahab, the whole story. We know uh we know what was going on there. And uh Jehoshaphat and and Jehoshaphat says, you know, isn't there one more? We got 400 God prophets. Brother Brandham called them. And we know that it gets into Micaiah coming and saying, you know what, even if you go up and do it, you're you're this is your land. You should be able to go and and take back all of the land the Assyrians have taken. No problem. And all the prophets were prophesying, go on, take up the land. Just help yourselves to it. But we know the one God prophet came and stood against all of And he said, "I will only say what God puts in my mouth." And what he had to say, it must have taken a lot of courage. But it was God's courage in him. And what did he say? He said he saw a vision of a throne in heaven and God sitting on his throne, the sovereign creator. And and what did he say? Who's going to get my will to come to pass in Ahab's life? And we know that there was a few different voices that came up in the story, but there was one that came out of hell. and threw himself down at God's feet. It's hard to even comprehend this story. And he said, "I'll go. I'll do it." And he said, "Wherewith will you get my will to come to pass?" And he said, "I'll go and I'll be a lying spirit in his prophets." Can you imagine that? But he made it happen, didn't he? Yes. God doesn't actually push us down the pipe. Brother Brandham said that many times. We're waiting for God to push us down the pipe. We're just waiting on the Lord. Sometimes we can wait too long. If we're not marching, God can't really bless us. It's a fine balance. But if we give him the opportunity, he will bless us. But he has a will and it will come to pass in every one of our lives. His will and his purpose. But he being omnipotent is ruling in all affairs. There's no accidents. There's no things that happen just by accident and and and we're like, "Wow, we're so surprised by it." We know that we are as human beings many times surprised by things. But God's not surprised ever. God knows that every single thing is going on. He's governing all of it. All of the affairs. It it's very difficult for us to even imagine. I I had tried to express this before when we were preaching about the prophet Micaiah so many times. But if you think about how many times we think in our mind and how many thoughts we have and how many people there are thinking thoughts, how many neurons are firing here on earth, how many affairs is God governing in all at one time? Over 8 billion minds and hearts of people right now at this very instant. He's constantly present in everyone's thoughts. It's just amazing to me. It it's it's mindblowing to think about that, but he is and and he's making sure that his will is coming to pass and Satan can't get in the way of that. And especially for his bride, Satan cannot get in his in her way. It's so beautiful. He's governing in all the affairs and doing whatever he will with all his creation because all were created for his good pleasure. Therefore, as Paul says, if God should take one lump of clay and make of that same lump one vessel unto honor and another vessel unto dishonor, who can be offended and cry against him? That he has the right to do this on the grounds of creation alone we cannot deny. Yet went even further. For according to Romans 14:7-9, we have the irrefutable proof that Jesus paid the purchase price of the whole world. And therefore, he can do as he wills with his own. And I know I I'm not sure. I don't think it's that scripture. I think I I don't know. I'm going to get confused. It happens easy with me. But he he even talks about us being his inheritance. We are his inheritance. Jesus Christ's inheritance. And and it is the will of the father that that is the case. And he he I think it's so beautiful. Therefore, he can do as he wills with his own. For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself. For whether we live, we live unto the Lord. And whether we die, we die unto the Lord. Whether we live thereof or die, we are the Lord's. Amen. And you know, I think, brothers and sisters, this is just my thought. I think this is where Satan becomes powerless before us. Amen. When we can say that scripture and not say it as a memorized Sunday school lesson that we've learned and it's just something that we can quote by heart, but we say it because we believe it with all of our heart, with all that we are, all of our fiber. What it does is it shows that we're not afraid. When Satan comes around as a roaring lion, we can show him, hey, you know what? You're a bluff. I'm not afraid. If I live, I live for Christ. If I die, I die in Christ. I gain. I don't lose. I go on to the Lord. What a tremendous thing that is. And you know that's the same way it is with bullies here on earth. Many times people will come around and try and intimidate, try and scare, try and push, try and poke, try and push and shove and see if you're afraid. And if you can just stand your ground and say, "Listen, man. I'm not afraid. It's God's will that's going to come to pass. That's what's going to happen. And nobody's gonna stop that. It just goes away when you do that. It's interesting. But whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's. For to this end, Christ both died and rose and revived that he might be Lord both of the dead and the living. This is where it's beautiful. Ownership, not relationship, is meant here. He owns us. He bought us with a price. How many of us are willing to just say, you know, when I go and buy something really, really valuable and special, the most important purchase in my life, it's okay. I don't need to get all of it. I'll just let some of it, you know, slide. You can just keep some of it. We're going to fight for every single speck of what we purchased, aren't we? We're not going home until we've got it all. And I think that's beautiful. He's talking about ownership here, not relationship is meant here. This is also set forth in John 17:2. As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. Now, if we impute omniscience to God, we must also accept that he is perfect in wisdom and righteousness. This plan of election and reprobation is the wisdom of God revealed in all ages. Even as it says in Ephesians 1 3-11, blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. He didn't just choose us in him when we stumbled into the message church that we heard about for the first time. He didn't just choose us in him when we were just born into the family that we were born into. He didn't just choose us in him somewhere along the way by accident. It was before the foundation of the world. I can't even remember the quote. I was reading it this week. Before there was even a speck of stardust. before this universe was formed. We were in him then. My it might be in uh oh my no I'm not going to go there. I'll leave it alone. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. How many people feel like they're sitting in heavenly places according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Amen. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself. Amen. It's difficult to even understand. This is why we need to have the spirit, the Holy Ghost in our lives to be able to read something like this and have the spirit quickened to say, "Hey, that's me. That's me." Predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Not our will, not the pastor's will, not the evangelist's will, not parents will, his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Such a beautiful thing. in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will. What is his will? His word. It's such a simple thing, but so complicated all at the same time. It's one of those deep things. The mystery of his will according to his good pleasure. Not everyone gets the spirit in their life to quicken the word. Sometimes people they just get wisdom. They get head knowledge and it stays up here. And we've heard it said many times that's the longest journey a human will ever make is for that word to go from their head down into their heart. I say Lord don't let that be our our experience. My let us understand the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ both which are in heaven which are on earth even in him in whom also we have obtained an inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. Thus, if God has so designed that there be those whose names are placed in a section of the Lamb's book of life and cannot be erased, for they are the names of his bride, then we must accept that. How many accept that tonight? I say, my I don't feel like it. I can't explain it. I don't even understand it. But I accept it. I'll just accept it because that's what he said. Boy, what a tremendous thing that is. If it also states that there are those whose names were placed in the record of the book of life, but in the fornowledge of God, they were to fall and have their names removed, we must accept that. And if there are those whose names were never placed upon a record of life, we must accept that also. And if there are those who will enter into eternal life after the white throne judgment solely on the grounds of being good and kind and just to the elect of God who are his brethren, then we cannot but accept that. Amen. And you know, I I think we could preach a whole series just on this paragraph, this sentence right here to think about how many people in this world we have the opportunity to affect. How many people in this world do we have the opportunity to extend a special measure of grace? Many times we feel like we're just caught up in this life in the moment. We get out of my way. I got to go to work. I'm late. I uh we got problems. We got pressures in our lives. But how many times can we just let someone in? How many times can we just allow someone to do something nice for us? We have so many opportunities. I believe and and how many people, you know, talking about the sovereignty of God and and how many people are in this world. We we we talked about how many people there are and how many thoughts are happening simultaneously all around the world. God's governing and all the affairs. But how many people do we have the ability to interact with in our lives out of eight bill over 8 billion people? The the number of people that we would see from the time we actually get saved filled with the Holy Ghost in our lives and understand some of this stuff that we're talking about. How many people do we have the ability to maybe impart eternal life to by giving them an opportunity to do good for us throughout the course of our life and the course of the history of mankind and the population that's on the world. That's a very small number. I think it's incredible. We can never underestimate the sovereignty of God. How many people that have been good to us to think about maybe how they've been skunks to the rest of the world. Maybe really hard individuals to everyone else in this world, but for some reason we have the ability to connect with them. And sometimes you hear people say, you you know that guy, you're able to deal with him, man, he's a hard guy. I could never communicate with him. I could never work with him or be friends with him. And somehow someway, it's just doable. What is that? I believe that's the spirit of God. That's the sovereignty of God expressing himself to that human being. And you know, honestly, brothers and sisters, we don't know what people go through. Sometimes people have some pretty horrible stories in their lives. They've got things that they had to go through and they haven't told a soul about and they're just packing those things around and it causes them to behave a certain way. And sometimes that way makes them really prickly to all the other people around them. And you know, we're not exclusive inside the church. We're human beings. We all deal with these human natures and it happens even inside the church. But you know, we have the ability to just show love. Amen. To impart kindness, to show Christ. Even when someone would step on us on our toes, even when someone might even spit on us, we have the ability to potentially impart eternal life. He says, "For who knoweth the mind of the Lord that he should instruct him." My, I think that's powerful. Who would dare start putting people in or out? It's God that judges, not us. We judge ourselves. I think that's so good. To me, that just takes all the pressure off. Doesn't it take the pressure off to think that I really only have to worry about me? Maybe as the father in the home, I've got to worry about my family. Then that's a lot of pressure. I'm not saying that's not a lot of pressure. That's more pressure than maybe a lot of the young brothers realize at the time of getting married. And I'll say by experience, it's way more than I realized when I got married. The gravity of the situation, the pressure there is when you start having children. It's great. It feels wonderful. You're going to have children. But you're responsible for them. All the days of their life up until the point of accountability. It's all yours, baby. God never came down in the Garden of Eden and said, "Eve, where are you?" He said, "Adam, what's your deal?" But he knew where he was. Amen. Who knoweth the mind of the Lord that he should instruct him? Rather, let us be subject in faith to him who is our father and live. So now we're we're talking this is all sort of just talking about the question of election where this question of election came from was from this portion of the church age book. He goes on to say, "To understand the subject even more clearly, it will now be wise to approach it from the standpoint of the church through the ages. Up until now, we have been thinking in terms of the removal of the names of individuals. Now, we want to consider not the individuals but the groups represented in the church. To do so, we will liken the church through the ages to the wheat plant. I love how he just makes it so simple all the way through the church ages. How brother Brandham would give an example and then he would just go back and point out a scripture. This scripture is what we're talking about. This is where we're getting the inspiration from here. He excuse me. Here he's talking about the grain of wheat is planted to the end that a single grain of wheat will reproduce and multiply itself through a certain process during a certain period of time. That single seed will die. But in dying the life that was in it will come up into a plant which in turn will be the bearer or carrier of that life which is to come back to originality in a multiplied form. Isn't that beautiful? And we know the Bible says unless a corner wheat falls in the ground and dies, it abides alone. But boy, when it does that, there is a harvest that comes up. Jesus, the great royal seed, died. That matchless one who is the life of the church, stands in the midst of the church for all seven ages, giving his life to the church, the carrier or bearer to the end that his very life will be reproduced in bodies unto his in the resurrection. I think that's beautiful. Many times we could just read over that and and it just kind of glazes over because we've had so many words that I've read tonight and and many times as we study the exposition of the seven church ages. His very life will be reproduced in bodies like unto his in the resurrection. It is at the resurrection that the royal seed will see many royal seeds like unto himself. And we know that a lot of people have gone on before us and they are the bride of Jesus Christ. They don't they don't get to escape the taste of death. But there's going to be people on earth that will escape the taste of death. Right? There will be a people who will have his very character. It will be his life, his very life living out through them at the resurrection. What a tremendous thing that is. And we know we've talked about it many, many times as we studied out the church age book. You know, he's working on one thing. And that's what election is for is to actually work out a character. That's what he's after is the character of himself in the bride of Jesus Christ. Not his character plus ours, not ours plus his, but just his. The royal seed will see many royal seeds like unto himself, and they will be even as he is. For says John, we shall be like him. This is what John the Baptist was referring to when he said Jesus would gather the wheat into the garner. That was the resurrection where the redeemed who had been elected unto eternal life came in. Now then, the record of this wheat plant whose end is to reproduce the original seed in multiplied form is the book of life. I repeat the history or record of this wheat plant is the book of life of which a part of the book of life is the record of eternal life. A section of the book of life. This is convincingly seen by examining the wheat plant. A bare seed is sown. Soon a blade is seen. But that is not the wheat yet. Then it grows into a stock. This is not yet the wheat. Life is there, but not the wheat. Then at the end of the stock is a little spike that sends out a tassel. Still a wheat plant, but no wheat yet. Then the plant is pollenized and we see the chaff grow. This looks mighty like the wheat, but it is not yet seed. Then forms the wheat in the husk. It is now back to what it was originally. Now the ripened wheat is harvested. This is what I wanted to bring and show as the question. So you can see why this is really uh there's no way you can address it even in one service. I think it's beautiful the way brother Brandham talks about this. The plant that we're talking about the wheat plant, every single stage of that wheat plant is required in order for it to come back to seed. Hallelujah. To say that the chaff isn't required and you know some people are chaff and some people are tassel and I'm wheat. No, no, no, no, no. We don't have wheat unless we have all of the rest of the plant. And the beautiful thing about it is it is the exact same life in every single portion of the plant. The only difference is the seed itself can actually reproduce and bring forth more life. And that's why it has to go full circle. And that's why we are as the bride of Jesus Christ compared to the wheat because it's not our life inside us. It's Christ. It has to be Christ. You know, talking about election. I I I'm laughing because I that's only one quote. As the brothers know, I sent some quotes and uh I've got some notes and we're just starting now. We'll pick up next week, I guess. You know, talking about election, it's mentioned six times in the Bible in Romans chapter 9 11. For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. Only election. Romans 11:5. Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace. Such a beautiful thing. Romans 11:7 What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded. Why were they blinded? For our sakes. Romans 11:28. As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes. But as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes. Because you know that the Jews, brother Brandham talks about them in the church age book. And he says, they are elected. They are not the enemy of God. As some church folks out there in Christianity would say that the Jews are the ones that persecuted and crucified the Savior. So they're bad guys. They're not bad guys. They're elected to be in their position. This is what God chose. He chose those people for a purpose so that we could be called. It's amazing to think about the sovereignty of God. Oh my. 1 Thessalonians 1 verse 4. Knowing brethren, beloved, your election of God. Second Peter 1, wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, ye shall never fall. It's mentioned in the Bible in the exposition of the seven church ages. Just setting a background for this as we get into some of the quotes and we'll have to pick it up next time, but in in the exposition of the seven church ages, it's mentioned 17 times election. And you know, it's mentioned 258 times in the message entirely. And uh I I just think it's amazing. Election is not something that we need to be afraid of. Election isn't something that we need to try and argue about or even try and comprehend with our human minds other than what brother Bradom said. Yay. What the Holy Ghost said through brother Bradom there is that we need to just accept it by faith just like salvation. We can't comprehend election. I think it's so important to to to maybe just say that especially for the young people, for the people that maybe are struggling with it, whoever has a question about election. It's God's choice, not ours. And I think it's beautiful because the reason we are here is that he's chosen us unto election. That's why we're here tonight. Not so that we can find ourselves in one of those other three categories where we have to be judged. We're busy here judging ourselves right now. Amen. Trusting that the Lord will do it, you know. Um my I wonder how far to go tonight. It's just so rich. I just I kind of feel bad that we're done actually reading through the exposition of the seven church ages because I've enjoyed it so much. 62 services and uh I just feel like going and starting over, starting right at the very beginning again. There's so much in there right from the start. But, you know, talking about election is just such a a rich thing. I'm just gonna we'll come back to this, but I'm just going to jump ahead a little bit here. I wanted to bring a quote and I hope I can find it. Bear with me for a second. Yeah, I'll just It's the trouble when you get too many quotes and you get too studied into something. It's I'm sorry. I know it becomes really awkward. I'm just going to read this as we close. I'll call the musicians tonight. You know, brother Bradomy talks about being elected and uh how we go through trials here on on earth. And uh I just have way too much here in this one quote. I apologize. It's out of the exposition of the seven church ages in the Samriian church age. We will uh read this again, but I just wanted to bring this point. You know, we we look at trials in our lives and and sometimes wonder why we have them. And God is working out perfection in our lives. And just for the sake of time, I'm only going to read the the back po portion of this. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. And he knows what every single one of us need to come to that place of perfection. Why did he want this? James 1:24. My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. I remember when I was call it a babe in Christ, I was lamenting to an elder brother about some of the struggles in my life. And I know that we all have them. Um, but I was lamenting about my struggles. And you know, the elder brother said to me, he said, "Well, you know that we all have to have struggles. God has chosen that." The prophet said that Satan has one punch coming to every single person and and that's going to be our trial and sometimes it's this and sometimes it's that and sometimes it's the other and you know my struggles were maybe more inward and that's what I was expressing to the brother and he said you know what would you rather have would you rather have maybe a car accident where you become maybe a quadripollegic and and that's your struggle or or a sickness that impairs s you or blindness, what would you rather have? And it kind of put it into perspective to me because I'm able to live maybe portion part partially a full life, you know, I can I can get around and and and and live, but it just got me to think what what would I really prefer? Because the if the devil has a punch, what is it that we would rather have? He wants to see his character in our lives. Brother Brandom, he says this. Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to18. We're going to get back into this. I'm not going to just uh call this good, but I just want to close on this and just maybe plant this seed. And if children, then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed within us. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. And you know, you can see it when you deal with people, in dealing with human beings. The people who are the kindest, most compassionate people look like they've gone through life on a flowery bed of ease. But unfortunately, that's not the case. Those are the people that have gone through the fiery trials of affliction and they understand what it means to have problems and issues in life and and they're able to relate to individuals when they see them going through trials. And I think it's wonderful as believers, we have that ability to offer peace and offer joy and understanding to those people who are going through trials because we have to get a character that's fit to reign. The reason for this is that character is simply never made without suffering. Character is not a victory, brothers and sisters. His character is not a it it is a victory. Sorry. It is not a gift. We don't just get handed a gift of character, his character. We have to overcome. And that is how we are able to actually sit with him in his throne of judgment to be overcomers of this age is to actually overcome. And you know, I I'm learning that probably one of the biggest hurdles, one of the biggest obstacles in this world to overcome is this guy right here. The guy that we see, the woman that we see in the mirror, that's that's the biggest portion of overcoming in this life. When we can overcome that person, we're beginning to see the character of Christ in our lives because we know the battle for salvation, the battle for healing was won, not at the whipping post and not at the cross, not even at the resurrection. It was in the Garden of Eden when he laid down his will and said, "I know that I want this. Can this cup pass from me?" Oh my. But nevertheless, let me take that cup and drink it. Right? It's when he laid down his will. That's when the victory was won. That was when the first drops of blood hit the ground for the redemption of this world. Maybe stand with us tonight as we close. Character is a victory. It's not a gift. A man with character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. And you know, I I I just said this before when we studied this out, it just it just jumps out to me. We read this and think the little temporary suffering that we go through. We we don't go through little temporary sufferings here. Some of the sufferings that we go through, they shake our world. They change our lives forever. We're not the same people when we go through these trials. But he calls them little temporary sufferings. How do we explain it? We can't. Let's just go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for your word. Thank you for the study and the exposition of the seven church ages. Lord, thank you for the the question, Lord, about election, Lord, how we never even touched it tonight. All as we did was mention the question, the origin of it, where it came from, Lord. And Father, I pray that we would be able to somehow come up with an answer in the hearts of your children, Lord Jesus. That we would be able to look at this this thought of election and understand that it's your will that you chose us in you before the foundation of the world. That we would maybe start to look at things just a little bit differently. a and realize that you are working out your character in us, Father, that's fit to rule and reign with you in your throne. Father, we love you tonight and we just want to commit all that was said and done in this service into your hands for your glory. We pray that you would keep your hand upon each one of us as we go our separate ways. Lord, be with those who are traveling tonight. Lord, we think of brother Paul and sister Elaine coming back from dealing with the affairs of brother Pete Clawson. Lord, we pray for the family, Lord, that you would just somehow through this this transition of life, Lord, that you would minister to the children, Father, and the grandchildren, Lord, the nieces and nephews, Father, the the people that were affected by Brother Pete's life, Lord, that they would maybe just draw closer to you. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Is that marvelous grace? Yeah. Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt. Yonder on Calaryies [Music] Mount there where the blood of the lamb was split. [Music] Grace, grace. God's grace, grace that will pardon and cleanse within. [Music] Grace, grace. God's grace, grace that all our sin, sin and despair. The sea waves cold dreaded the soul and lost grace that is greater. His grace untold points to the reuge the mighty cross. [Music] Grace, grace. God's grace. Grace that hardened and cleans with him. Praise God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Dark is the st that we can not hide. What can I wash it [Music] away? Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] God's grace Peace that [Music] will praise God's grace. Greater than all our sin. Marvelous in [Music] fashing to [Music] see Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with [Music] you. God's grace. Grace that is gater than all our sin. Amen. 1089. Listen to our hearts. Amen. [Music] Oh, how do you explain? How do you describe that east to west and runs as deep as it? Lord, you know all I know. You know all our fears we love we long for you to hear our spirit Heat. Heat. We will use the words we know to tell you. [Music] You love our love. So listen to our hearts. If words could [Music] fall from these lips of life. And if I had a thousand years, I was still running out of time. If you listen to our [Music] heart, Lord, thank you for Lord. Thank you for the thank you for the way. Listen to our heart. Here our spirit [Music] sing a song of praise that [Music] flows from those you have [Music] redeemed the words we know tell you what awesome God you are. Our words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. [Music] Goodness of God as we dismiss tonight. Do you love him tonight? I love you Lord for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Thank you Jesus. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am [Music] able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me to the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I am in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faith. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I lay [Music] down. Your goodness is running after. It's running after [Music] me. All my life Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] everything. Here you [Music] go. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey there. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
