################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - 2025-03-19 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #60 - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-19
Title:    2025-03-19 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #60
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTWJ5GQmstY
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson - Church Age Study pt. #60
Wednesday, March 19th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Yeah, [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. greet you all in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus tonight. Welcome in the house of the Lord. Trust you are all having a good week thus far. Always good to be here on a Wednesday night. It's such a I was telling the Lord tonight it's just a wonderful reset the craziness of the world and we get to come fellowship with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. And of course he himself is here tonight by his word has promised he promised he'd be here. We thank him for that. Trust that you just give your give your all to him tonight. Let's just praise the Lord. He's worthy of it. Let's start stand as we start the service tonight. The name of the Lord is the strong tower. The righteous run into it. Aren't you glad you have a safe house tonight? The lovely Lord Jesus. Well, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most [Applause] high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. All the righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh one, oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him Christ Lord for you alone are worthy for you alone are worthy for you alone are worthy for you alone are worthy. Worthy Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore. Oh come let us adore him. You're worthy Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. [Music] Christ. The more than we fall down, we lay our crowns and defeat of Jesus. Yes, we do, Lord. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy." And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy." And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. We cry holy ac cappella. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. We fall down all together. Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of my Jesus. [Music] Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love and the peace of Jesus. And we cry, holy, holy, holy. And we cry, holy, holy, holy. And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy is the [Music] Lord." Amen. She just love telling him that. Lord, we cry, "Holy, your word is holy. You're holy. We're thankful for your presence this evening." But Jason, would you come pray for us this time? Amen. [Music] God bless your church. Shall we pray? Our dear heavenly father, Lord, we are so thankful to you, Lord, for how you've been with us, Father God. Lord, for how you've blessed us, Lord, for how you've given us this opportunity to be here to cry holy unto you, Father God. Lord, Lord, we we give you all the glory. We give you all the praise and we give you all the honor that is due to your matchless and wonderful name, Father God. Lord, there are so many people who do not have this opportunity to do what we do today. But Lord, we come here to give you our sacrifice of praise to to show you how much you mean to us, how how much we love you, Father God, for everything that you've done for us, Lord, but also for who you are. Amen. Lord, we thank you for everything that you have done. We thank you for what you are going to do. But Lord, we thank you for even the things that we don't even know that you are doing. Lord, the little things that maybe might pass by our awareness. Lord, we thank you for everything. Lord, as we are here before you, Father God, we just want to pray, Lord, that you'll bless this service, Father God. Bless our offering of praise that we'll give unto you, Lord. Bless the musicians, Lord, bless the song leader. Bless the minister who'll be ministering to us, Lord. Father God, Lord, let everything that will happen in this in this auditorium, Lord, be to your praise and to your glory, Lord. Thank you, Father God, for we pray and ask it all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You have your seats tonight. Thank you, my brother. Hallelujah. What a thought. Jesus full salvation wrought victory. If you have it tonight, sing it to the Lord. Well, Hallelujah. What a thought. Jesus full salvation brought victory. Victory. Oh, let the powers of sin assail. Heaven's grace can never fail. Victory. Oh, [Music] victory. Oh, victory. Yes. Victory. Oh hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. He is all. Yes, he's all to me. I am trusting in the Lord. I am standing on his word. Victory. Oh, victory Lord. I have peace and joy within since my life is free from sin. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, victory. Yes. Victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. He is all. He has it all to me. Oh, shout your freedom everywhere. His eternal peace declare victory. Oh, victory. Oh, let us sing and hear me below in the face of every foe. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh yes, victory. Yes, victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. He is Lord. He has it all to me. Oh, we will sing it on that shore when this leading life is over. Victory. Oh, [Music] victory. Oh, sing it here you throne. Start that everlasting song. Victory. Oh, victory. Yes, it's [Music] victory. It's victory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is Lord. Oh yes. it all to me. Oh yes, it's victory. Oh yes, [Music] victory. Hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. He is Lord in all. [Music] In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. Oh, when we come in that name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus, of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. Oh, when we come in that precious name of Jesus, he'll be who can stand before in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory when we come. Oh, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] that precious name of Jesus. We're going to take his hand one of these days. What a day that will be. Won't be songs anymore. It'll be him personally. Says, "I shall see when I look upon his face." Oh, think about it tonight. When he saved me by his grace, he takes us with that nail scarred hand. takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day that glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. Oh, when my Jesus I shall see. Oh, when I look upon that face, the one he saves me by his grace and he takes me by his hand and he leads me free and from his what a day, glorious day that will be. Word of God ever true. Changing me is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart as we would. Third verse. Brother Barry, would you come? Holy words of our faith. Oh, handed down to this age. They came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Oh, word of God. Oh, it's never true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oh, word of God is ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. [Music] And I love you, Lord. How could we not? Oh, when I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, oh take joy, my king. what you hear. Oh, let me be I speak to you. One more time. Oh, yes. I love you, Lord. Oh, and I live my life. Oh, my soul rejoice my name. with you. Let it be a sweet sweet. [Music] Amen. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord once again. Truly an honor and a privilege to gather together. Hallelujah. in his name. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. We just have a couple of requests that we want to bring before him tonight. Starting with the praise report from Sister Amber who says, "I'm praising God that a family crisis which could have impacted the whole morning was over in minutes after prayer." Praise God. We have a prayer request for a summer Kremplin. Sister Rebecca's daughter, Sister Rebecca's sister's daughter. So, her niece, she's in her early 20s, said she doesn't want to serve the Lord anymore. Raised in the message. Just praying that the Lord will intervene. We also want to remember the carpenters's request for Lincoln Stanley Strong, their six-month-old uh great nephew having trouble breathing. Let's just go to him in prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful that we can be in your presence, Lord, we know that you're already here. We can sense your presence, Father. And you know, whether we can feel it or or perceive it, it doesn't matter. Your word says it and we believe it, Lord Jesus. Father, we just want to remember these requests that were made known unto you tonight by the way of an uplift hand. Father, we want to bring them to you, Father. The only place of consolation in this world, the only place of healing, Lord, the only place of redemption, and that's you, Father. Lord Jesus, tonight we just commit each request unto you, Father. We want to remember this other request from the the Carpenters, Lord Lincoln Stanley Strong. Father, we pray that you would just touch that boy in the name of Jesus. Father, we know that you're able to heal breathing problems, Lord. Chest congestions, Father. Lord Jesus, all of the afflictions of this flesh, you are able to heal. And we just commit that need into your hands, Father. And Lord, we just want to remember the other need that we mentioned tonight, Lord Jesus. Summer Kremplin. Father, we pray that you would just minister to her, Lord. We know there was a time where your prophet was here and there was someone's son that ran wayward, Father. And we know that someone sent the agent of the Holy Ghost after them, Father. And Lord Jesus, tonight we just ask that we could do the same thing, Father. That we could send you after her, Father. That Lord, you would turn her heart around, Lord. That you would just allow her to come to know you in the power of your resurrection. And we know that's why people leave is because they haven't come to know you that way. Because if anybody ever does get to know you one time that way, they will never want to leave. But Father, we know there's been too much churchianity, too much getting in the message. Oh, but very little of getting the message inside of us. Father, tonight I pray that would be another step of your grace in our lives, Lord. that we wouldn't be gathered here in the message, Father, but Lord Jesus, we would bring the licks of message fire together tonight, Lord. Father, that we would recognize that message that lives inside of us, and that is that you have risen 2,000 years later, Father. Lord Jesus, in the heart of each one of us, tonight, we just commit this service into your hands, Father. be with those who are traveling, Lord, who are away for work, Father, who would rather be here, but Lord, or trying to provide for their families, Lord. Maybe away for work on on on vacations, maybe wherever they are, Father. Anyone who isn't here tonight, Father. We know that you know where they are. And we pray that you would just be with them, Lord. Bless them abundantly, Father. Bring them back home safely at the appointed time, Lord. Now, we just turn to you, Father, in your word. We commit this service now, the rest of it into your hands for your glory. We just pray that we could all get out of the way and just give you the preeminence, Father, the speaker and the hearer alike. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Certainly wonderful to be here again. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we want to continue our study in the exposition of the seven church ages. And uh we're drawing to a close. It's rapidly approaching and I just want to mention that we will certainly do questions and answers if anybody has a question. I haven't received any questions so far. So I guess that's a good thing. But uh I certainly would like to get into some questions as well. It's an opportunity for us to learn and grow. And uh so just consider that. Revelations chapter [Music] 3 verse 14. And unto unto the angel of the church of the Leodysans, write these things, saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou wart cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich, and white raignnt that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. And anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. Even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for ears to hear what your spirit says to the churches. Your spirit says to the church ages, what your spirit says to the living church today. Father, we pray that you would just bless the words that are spoken tonight, Father, to our spiritual nourishment that we would grow thereby. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I bless you tonight. You may be seated. Certainly wonderful to be back in the house of the Lord. Picking up from where we left off last time at the end of the Leodysian church age. I guess we don't have any more church age scriptures to read um after tonight really. The resume of the ages is a a culmination a summary of the entire book. And uh I just thought that we would be diving into the tail end of the Leodysian church age. Basically the last two paragraphs um where we left off last week. just uh really good little bit of word and uh I just think it's so applicable to the bride, the church, the the elect lady. In paragraph 187, it says, "The corn of wheat, the bride wheat that fell into the ground at Nya has come back to the original word grain again." Now, it might sound really simple and and we know this. We've heard it. Brother Barry just labors on these things sometimes and I just think it's so good. But we could easily look over this and say that, you know, it's come back to the original word grain again and move on. But I just want to point it out. I want to underline it. I want to italicize it, make it bold, highlight it, harp on it. That it's already come back to the original word. Amen. It's not going to come back to the original word. It's that original word that changes our character that gives us the character that gold that can be tried in the fire. It's so easy to get caught up in the gold in this world, to look at the price of what gold is trading at, to look at the portfolios and get caught up in all of the investments on earth. But he says, "I challenge you to buy of me gold that's tried in the fiery fiery trials of afflictions." And that gold is not man-made gold. That's not an element on the periodic table. It's actually a character that is Christlike. And that word which will do that for us has already been restored. What a day we're living in. It is absolutely tremendous. And and he says the next three words, "Praise God forever." Yes. Listen to the authenticated prophet of God who appears in this last age. And we know that, you know, in Jeremiah's day, they just never listened. They said, "We've got our religious ways. We've done it this way for years. What do you have to tell us?" Um, and uh we know that judgment was at their door. And and and it's so sad because even after the city was under siege, Jeremiah told them, "If you just go out and surrender, you'll be a slave for the rest of your life, but at least you'll live." But they couldn't do it. There just was something inside of them that wouldn't allow them to actually surrender their lives to the voice of a vindicated prophet, which is so in in entirely sad. It's so terrible. But we have the ability to do that. Yes. Listen to the authenticated prophet of God who appears in this last age. Press play and then obey. Just press play. Listen to what he says. Read what he says. And then just do what he says. It's not that complicated. What he says from God, the bride will say. She won't try and spin it into something of her own. She won't try and blend it with anything else. she'll just take it the way he said it and then she'll actually say it the way he said it. What a tremendous thing that is. And you know, I I'll tell you, brothers and sisters, from my perspective in in call it the pastoring role for me, that's all of my consolation is to simply say what the prophet said. As soon as I get outside of that, it's for not. It's time to step down and and someone else to move in. And God will do that in his program. But what an amazing thing it is to think that that is the word that God will back up. That is the anointed word for this day. Alls we really need to do is come in and say what the prophets already said because that's what the word says. Even at the end of Revelation, the spirit and the bride say come. The same thing. They're not saying separate words. But it's beautiful what he says from God. that prophet the bride will say the spirit and the prophet and the bride will be saying the same thing and when one is saying something different we know it is not the spirit and it's not the prophet and I would go so far as to say perhaps not even the bride because the bride will say the same thing a true bride who is a wife is going to say what her husband once said. She's not going to be contrary to him. She's not going to be continually saying her own thing. She's going to support him. And what they will say will have already been said in the word. It's so easy and simple, isn't it? So clean, so beautiful, so refreshing. It's just going to be what's already been said. There's no new revelation coming our way. The only revelation is that one day we will actually see an an a a molecular body change. That's that's the revelation that will take place. That it actually has happened. All that we've talked about, all that we've preached about, all that we've prayed for, all that we've taught our children about, all that we've ever hoped for is actually now. One of these days, brothers and sisters, it's not going to it's not going to get any farther away. It's getting closer. He goes on to say, they're saying it now. come out from among her now and be ye separate. This is not a time to try and be like the world. It's not a time to try and dress like the world. It's not a time to try and talk like the world. It's not a time to to live like the world. This is a time to come right out of the world and be separate from all of the ways of this world. But it's tricky. I know it is. I'm not saying that. I don't I live in a a pie in the sky palace where everything in my world is perfect. No, no. I live under the same temptations that each and every one of us do. Social media is a very difficult place to live. It's so tempting. There's so many different things that take our attention away. And you know what happens when that happens is we're influenced by it. We become influenced by it. We become influenced by all the fashion, by all the cars, by all the music, by even churches. This is where it gets really treacherous because we see a lot of churches online in social media behaving certain ways, doing certain things. And it causes us to maybe desire to do things that way. But every church is sovereign and every church ought to be following the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Not the latest post online from some social media thing. My they are saying it now. Come out from among her now and be ye separate. The cry has gone out. The cry is going out. How long will the voice cry? We do not know. But one thing we do know, it won't be long for this is the last age. And we know that the vindicated prophet that we're talking about here uh just a few words back he even said that this age is over while he was yet on earth. And he said that we're now into the bride age, another age. And it's not an eighth messenger age. It's the time for the invisible union of the bride of Jesus Christ and the bride to be united. Jesus Christ himself and his bride to get united so that she goes from being the bride to becoming the wife. The separation for when he goes to reveal himself to his brethren. Just like the story of Joseph, she his wife is already in the palace. She's not there when he's on earth revealing himself in Egypt. They're saying it now. Come out from among her and be separate. The cry's gone out. Cry is going out. How long will this will the voice cry? We do not know. But we do know it won't be long, for this is the last age. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the churches. Amen. The spirit has spoken. The setting sun is about to fade into eternity for the church ages. Then it will be all over. Then it will be too late to come. And I love how he says this, but if somewhere in this series, God has dealt with you by his spirit, if somewhere in this series, in any of these church ages, God has dealt with you by his spirit, may you even now turn to him in repentance and give your life to him that by his spirit he may give you eternal life. Amen. You know, I was just contemplating it today and how people will say that we we listen to a man that's that's talking here and you know, everybody follows a man, don't they? All the people that say they don't follow a man, but they're Christians. They follow Paul. You're following a man. Yes. Paul was the first church age messenger. This is the last church age messenger. It's scriptural in Malachi and Revelation. We know that there is supposed to be someone that comes to turn the heart of of the of the children to the faith of the Pentecostal father. So, who is that going to be and when's it going to happen? It's beautiful because I know I'm preaching to the choir, but sometimes there's people that will be listening or or maybe watching later. There are people that look at this and you know, they need to know that mystery is history. He's already come. He's already declared that this is an open book. Hallelujah. So tonight we're going to close out the Leodysian church age with that that sentence. And we're going to move into the resume of the ages, which is sort of a summary of all of the church ages. And uh he just says it in here. He doesn't introduce any new doctrine. There's no new ideas brought forward. It's just a consummation of all of them from the beginning to the end. So carrying on here he says in the resume of the ages due to the fact that our studies have been a verse byvere exposition of those scriptures that deal with the seven ages we have not set forth a continuous historical pattern of the church as much as we ought to have done. It is therefore our purpose now to take this chapter and beginning with the Ephesian age trace through all ages the church and her history as given to John by the spirit of God. We will not be adding new material as much as correlating what we already have. Excuse me. And I can't help but think given the chance he was on his road back to Jeffersonville, Indiana from Arizona. And we know that it was a car accident in I think Texas where he actually went on to go into the hospital and then went on to be with the Lord. And many people would say, well, if he was a prophet of God, why wasn't there a fiery chariot that came down and took him home? We know that Elisha actually got sick, didn't he? Prophets actually can get sick and die. That's that's the way this flesh has to go. But you can't kill their spirit because it's not their spirit, is it? Just like you can't kill our spirit because it's not our spirit. But I think it's interesting how uh you know, we can be in the mindset that we have got this to do because we have this to do. God has shown us that we have this to do that we actually can't be taken home or the rapture cannot take place. That's putting God in a box. He's God and whatever he wants to do, he'll do. And if he sees fit for us to not go and preach the trail of the serpent, the beast at the beginning and the beast at the end. If he doesn't see fit for us to do that, it guess what? He's going to take us home. And that's what brother Pannannah was on the road to do from Arizona, his home in Arizona to go to go to Jeffersonville to preach that that message. But I don't even know why I'm going there tonight. I think it's interesting though. This is uh this is uh I guess the exposition of the church ages, the summary of all of it. And I just I just feel like this would be perhaps what he would have preached is the resume of the ages as as he says it. Carrying on, he says, "From our studies, we have already learned that much of the revelation is totally misunderstood because we have not formally known that the church spoken of and spoken to in this book does not refer to the pure ecclesia, the elect, the body of Christ, the bride, but it speaks to the entire body of people who are called Christians, whether they be true or merely nominal. All Israel is not Israel. So all Christians are not Christians. It gets tough when you start looking at it from that perspective, but we know it. And uh I think it's worth saying it is, you know, the prophet said that there's three kinds of believers in every group. And it's not up to us to put anyone in or take anyone out. I would say this and I would always say this when I say those words. It's up to us to search our hearts and and and ask God to search our hearts and to try us and and and let us not be any one of the other two. But let us just be the believers. Who wants to be a makebeliever? What a miserable place to live. And an unbeliever. There ain't no point being there. But he said there's all three. So I don't know. All Israel is not Israel. So all Christians are not Christians. And and maybe you wonder why you saying that, Brother Barry. He said it in the word. God said it in the word that the two vines will be so close that it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. So we say it all the time. It's not the the ecclesiastical world out there. No, it's right here. Let us let us just be believers. Let's just be believers. It's so much easier to just be honest and be a believer than than to make believe and and and to unbelieve. My I think it takes more faith, doesn't it, to unbelief? More faith to be an atheist to try and kick against the pricks and say that there's some other solution for it all. My boy oh boy, we'll just carry on here the next paragraph. Thus, we've learned that the church is made up of two vines, the true and the false. The two vines are motivated by two kinds of spirits. And there's only two two spirits, two kinds of spirits in the world. There's many different devils which are tormentors, but there's only one spirit of Christ and one spirit of Lucifer. Those two are the spirits. The two vines are motivated by two kinds of spirits. One has the Holy Spirit while the other is endued with the spirit of Antichrist. Both claim to know and be known of God. My both purport to speak for God. Both believe certain very basic truths and differ on others. But since both bear the name of the Lord, being called Christians and by such name bearing obviously claim a relationship to him, God calls it marriage. It's so beautiful because marriage is the example of our Christian walk. I love how brother Toby brought that in the service. It's exactly God now holds them both responsible to him and therefore speaks to each both churches, both of the groups in the church, both of the vines. He speaks to both of them in the book of Revelation. We further learned that these two vines would grow side by side until the end of the ages when both would come to maturity and both be harvested. The false vine would not overcome and destroy the true vine. But then neither would the true vine be able to bring the false vine into a saving relationship with Jesus Christ. My you would think that you would be able to you would you would want to the true vine I believe desires that to see that relationship established with every human but it's not going to be possible unfortunately we learned the most amazing truth that the Holy Spirit could and would fall upon the unregenerate false vine Christians and manifest powerfully in various signs and wonders. Even as Judas had a definite ministry in the Holy Ghost, though he himself was pronounced to be a devil. Remember, manifestations are not the sign of God's approval. That is not the sign of God's spirit. We love to see the works follow, but it's got to be the word. So I want to say when you have the word first, when we have the word first, when we continually esteem the word of God to be first and then we see the signs and wonders, rejoice because we've got it in the right order. And we should expect to see the stuff happen in our lives. My with these principles in mind, we start to trace the church through the various seven ages. This is why I was talking about brother Brad. I'm preaching the trail of the serpent. Here he he's talking about it without saying it that way. The word the birth of the church was at Pentecost. As the first Adam was given a bride fresh from the hand of God and was undefiled for a brief span, so was Christ, the last Adam given a bride pure and fresh at Pentecost. And she remained separate and undefiled for some time. Acts 5:13. And of the rest no man join himself to them. Acts 2:47. And the Lord added daily such as would be saved and such as should be saved. How long this continued we do not know. But one day, even as Eve was tempted and seduced by Satan, so the church was contaminated by the entrance of an antichrist spirit. 1 John 4:3. And this is that spirit of antichrist whereof ye have heard that it should come and even now already is in the world. Revelations 2:4-5. And Jesus said concerning his bride in that first age, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen and repent. You know, it's so wonderful in a marriage. Isn't that all we have to do when we have a problem in our marriage? When we have a situation, when things become sticky, because they will and they do. The ones that say they don't, I don't know if they actually have a if they are in a marriage because there are confusions, there are situations, there are circumstances. But you know, the only thing we need to do is repent in a marriage. If we're willing to repent in a marriage, what happens is we break. The problem fades away. But when we say, "I'm right. You're wrong. I stand on my ground. I've got my pet doctrines. I know that I'm right. Look out." What we have is a spirit of pride going on. And we know that was the first thing in heaven. That was the first sin was pride. And where pride is, all the rest of the sin comes along with it. He doesn't come alone. But here we have just a I think a really interesting example. And and and it's just a matter of repenting. That's really all that needs to happen. There just needs to be a repentance in the heart. And when there's a repentance in the heart, it actually it causes a place for love to reign. And we know that that's what it's supposed to be is uh charity. But I'm not going to get too far into that. In Corinthians, we'll carry on here. The church was in that first age already a fallen woman. As sa Satan had gotten to Eve before Adam, even now had Satan seduced the church and the bride of Christ before the marriage supper of the lamb. And what specifically was in her midst that caused the fall? What but Revelation 2:6? Oh, the deeds of the nickelatans. I love the way he lays it out here because you know, brothers and sisters, in this church age book from the beginning up until the end right now where we're at, he talks about every single church age suffering from the deeds of the nickelutans. Suffering from politics. Politics getting a hold of the church instead of the leadership of the Holy Ghost running the thing. having men raising up in the church and saying, you know, we did it this way where we came from and we did it that way where we came from and we should do it the other way now. And then the leadership of the Holy Ghost becomes deposed and it becomes a political maneuvering inside the church, not recognizing that that's actually the spirit of the antichrist creeping into the church, which will cause it to become lukewarm, formal, and powerless. And you know that can happen in the music, that can happen in the worship, that can happen in the preaching. It's a very very treacherous thing. It's very delicate. And he is so subtle. Remember, he's the most subtle beast of the field. This is who we're talking about, Lucifer, who was created co-equal with God without creative ability. There's no way that we'll outsmart him. He will always outsmart us as human beings. But it's always been politics that got in and caused the church to become lukewarm, formal, and powerless. And we need to be very careful because it's the deeds of the nickelans. It's it's the leoty being conquered by the ministry. And you know, many times we can step back and look at it and say some of the ministry that we've seen maybe in our generations, in our lives, and we say they're wacky. Look at the way they behave. Those ministers, sometimes there's ministers that are that way. You know, we don't have to look very far. There's ministers that actually accept worship in their name. Let's be honest. But you know, if they would actually refuse that, if they would put it down and say, "Stop doing that. You're making me to be an antichrist by behaving that way." Just like the prophet did. He set the example. If people would behave that way at a ministering level, at a pastoral level, at an evangelical level, in in in the five-fold ministry level, if they would do that, they would actually stop that antichrist spirit from being able to creep into the church. The deeds of the nickelatans, that's what's caused it. He goes on to say, "Already that first age had turned from following the pure word of God. They turn from God's demand of a church absolutely dependent upon him depending entirely upon God to fulfill his word from start to finish apart from human government to nickelism which is organizing a human government within the church. Sometimes it's not actually an official government. I would say most times it's not. Most times it's the power of influence. Most times it's the guy that's got the big fat tithe. I've got this tithe and if you don't do it this way, then I'm going to leave. You know, the God-scent minister is going to say, "Amen. If that's what it is, you got to go. I don't want to hold you back." But I pray that God would give you a revelation because you're not actually giving the money to this church. You're giving the money to God. Amen. I love the way we heard it. It's not our money. It's God's money. Brother John brought that out really good. But it's it's the nickelatans, the deeds of the nicicoatans. It's such a treacherous thing and it it can come in so many different forms into the framework of the Christian church. We have got to be vigilant. He says, which is organizing human government within the church, which is all governments do, legislate for the people. They did exactly what Israel did. They took the expediency of human government instead of the word and the spirit. I say, Lord, help us keep the word first and the spirit second. The word will bring the spirit. If we are willing to humble ourselves to the word of God, we will have that spirit. It's such a beautiful thing. He goes on to say, "Death had entered." How do we know? Do we not hear the voice of the spirit raised in that first age for all who will hear? As he is calling to him that overcomemeth, will I give to eat of the tree of life and the paradise of God. Can you imagine, brothers and sisters, in that first church age, they desired that? They desired to have a fully open book. And here we are at the last church age. We've got a fully open book. We have full access to that tree of life. All the cherubams have stepped aside now and they're guarding the way with their swords. so that we can get in. Whereas once upon a time, the flaming swords were guarding the way to that tree of life, that church, first church age. They wanted to find it, but we have full access to it now. God does not now. Oh my. But sorry, I got ahead of myself. How do we know? Do we not hear the voice of the spirit raised in that first age for all who will hear as he is calling? To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the tree of life and the paradise of God. The church had already embibed too deeply of the tree that means drink too deeply of the tree of death or denominational false vine whose end is the lake of fire already drank the poison once it's down you can't get it out. You can try all you want but you're not getting it out. And that's what they did. But there are now no cherubam with flaming swords to guard the tree of life. Now, I think it's beautiful. I'll probably be preaching on this in the near future. You know what? Those flaming swords were put back into the hand of man, weren't they up in Sabinia Canyon? Why was there a sword put in the hand of the prophet? Why was all that Adam lost restored unto him? Why did he he preached that? Because that's where those swords went, I believe, to give full access to that tree of life. Amen. God does not now depart from the midst of the church as he departed from Eden. Oh no, he will ever be in the midst of his church until the final age. And until that time, he calls to all to come. Now, please let us be careful here. This message to the angel of the church which is at Ephesus is not a message to the actual local Ephesian church. It is a message to the age. And that age had in it the seed of truth and the seed of error exactly as set forth according to the parable of the wheat and excuse me and the tears. The church ages is the field and in it are the wheat and the tears. The false church organized, humanized the government and the word and fought the true Christian. You know, brothers and sisters, it we read it in in the church ages earlier on. Brother Brandham says it, I believe the Holy Ghost in brother Brandham says it that the elect cannot persecute or harm the elect. That is right in this church age book. The elect cannot persecute and harm the elect. Amen. He says that it's the reprobates that do it. And the reprobates are the ones that cast themselves out. They're the ones that are not a part of the economy of God. So when we see persecutions, when we see anger, when we see people rising up and getting angry and persecuting, we know that that's not the spirit of Christ. And we need to just be able to identify it. Not not so that we can actually try and put anybody out. We don't want to do that. We would that everyone would come in. And that age had in it the seed of truth and the seed of error exactly as set forth according to the parable of the wheat and the tears. The church age is the field. In it are the wheat and the tears. The false church organized, humanized the government and the word and fought the true Christian. Tears always flourish mightier. I have that highlighted. Tears always flourish mightier than wheat or any other cultivated plant. Isn't that interesting? The tear church grew rapidly in this first age. But the wheat church was flourishing also. By the end of the first age, the deeds of the nicicoatans were flourishing in the local false vine churches with increasing attempts to spread their influence further than their own body. Its influence was felt upon the true church for men like the venerable polycarp. Someone who is very highly esteemed or respected. That's venerable. By the venerable polycarp we're calling themselves bishops with a reference to that title which was not inherent in it according to the word. And we know that we also read in the church age book a few chapters back about this very thing where they were calling themselves bishops and elders. Brother Brandham says very clearly an elder in the church is someone with age. They've been in the church a long time. They've got experience under their belt. That is the definition of elder. There is no eldership anointing of elders in the church of the living God. That is not true according to the message of the hour. However, there's people that do believe that and hold to that doctrine and and that's theirs. That's not the true doctrine of this message. Tears always flourish mightier than wheat or any other cultivated plant. The tear church grew rapidly in the first age, but the wheat church was flourishing also. By the end of the first age, the deeds of the nickelutans were flourishing in the local false vine churches with increasing attempts to spread their influence further than their own body. Its influence was felt upon the true church for men like venerable Polycarp were calling themselves bishops with a reference to that title which was not inherent in it according to the word. Also in that age, the true church had lost its first love. That love was typified as the love of bride and groom at their marriage and early years of wedded life. There was a cooling of that complete love and abandonment to God. And you know brothers and sisters in marriage that's exactly what can happen. We can have a beautiful marriage. Bride and groom fall in love and you live the early years of your wed life and the complexes of life come around and they cause us to get caught up in our own moments and we drift apart. That that that closeness is is now not there. And what happens is we become separated people living in the same place sometimes still husband and wife but without that really close bond. And you know what has to happen? There just needs to be a repenting. Isn't it interesting? It's exactly the same thing with Christ that we're reading about here. We can have a cooling off in our marriage with him if we're not careful. We have to cultivate our marriage. We have to cultivate our marriage here naturally. We have to cultivate our marriage spiritually. It takes work. There was a cooling of that complete love and abandonment to God. But notice Revelations 2:1 describes the Lord Jesus as in the midst of his church and holding the messengers in his right hand. Because this bride has fallen because the church corporate is now an ad mixture of true and false. He does not leave it. It is his. Isn't that beautiful? Even though it's defiled, he doesn't leave it. Even though it's complicated and political, he doesn't leave it. I think that's so beautiful. It's a wonderful thing. It is his. And according to Romans 14, that is exactly right. Romans 14:7-9. For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself. For whether we live, we live unto the Lord. And whether we die, we die unto the Lord. Whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's. Amen. For to this end Christ both died and rose and revived that he might be the Lord of both the dead and the living. Amen. On the cross he bought the whole world of people. Isn't that beautiful? Hallelujah. And you know there's a scripture I can't remember where it is. I think it's in uh in John that we are his inheritance. Maybe it's in Romans. We are his inheritance. He purchased it. It is purchased by the father through the death of his son on the cross. On the cross, he bought the whole world of people. They are his. He is the lord of the living and the dead as pertaining to ownership. Not relationship. Remember when we studied that? Isn't that beautiful? It's ownership. He owns us. He owns us. My and you know we could look at our family and say that we own our families too. And truly indeed we do but we don't dominate them as though we're owners. It's not that kind of ownership. And he walks in the midst of that body that has within it life and death in that church. He knows who is who. He knows what's in the hearts of men. Amen. What was planted in the first age will develop in the second age and in all other ages until it comes to maturity and harvest. Thus, in the Simian age, we expect the enlargement and enlightenment of the church corporates history through a revelation of the spirit. In this age, the hatred of the false vine increases. See, they have verse nine separated themselves from the company of the true. They went out from them. They were liars. They called themselves what they are not. But did God destroy them? No. Let them alone. And both will go to the harvest. It's another good reason. I just love preaching the word. Just preaching the truth. It's up to God to do the separating. It's not up to us. Amen. God's word does all the separating. God's word is a sword that's sharper than any two-edged sword. It will do the dividing. My in this age the hatred of the false vine increases. See that verse n separated themselves from the company of the true. They went out from them. They were liars. They called themselves what they are not. But did God destroy them? No. Let them alone. Both will go to the harvest. But Lord, they should be destroyed, for they are destroying thy people. They are killing them. Nope. Let them alone. But to my bride, I say, be thou faithful unto death. Love me even more. Sometimes that's tough with bitter persecution. We learn in no uncertain terms that this false vine is the vine of Satan. Their gathering is of him, Satan. They meet in the name of God and lie that they are Christs. They preach, they teach, they baptize, they worship, they partake of various rights given by Christ to the church. Yet they are not of God. But since they say they are, God will hold them responsible. And in each age, he speaks of them and to them. I think that's such a heavy powerful statement right there. The people who are the pretenders, the ones who actually claim Jesus Christ but are not willing to actually come all the way according to the word. Isn't it amazing to think that he doesn't just get rid of them? But what he does is he sees it as he's purchased everyone and he will hold each one accountable to their relationship, to their their confession. And I think brother Brandham, he even talks about it. You know, the drunkards, they're not worried about the judgment of God. The murderers, they're not worried about the judgment of God. The ones who are worried are the ones that know they don't got it right. The ones that know they're just holding back a little bit. There's something in their heart that they just can't let go of. They're just a little bit reserved. They're the ones that are afraid of what's going to happen. But I just think it's amazing here. He says, "Since they say they are Christians, since they say they are, God will hold them responsible. And in each age, he speaks of them and to them." I want to say tonight, brothers and sisters, don't be one of them. Go on to be one of the truly elect of God. Give yourself wholly over to his word. Have no reservation about this message of the hour. If you don't understand it or you can't figure it out, just ask him to come and explain it to you. And I guarantee you if you give him the full preeminence that he will explain it, it will become a new book through the lens of the message of the hour. It's such a beautiful thing to think that we won't even have to go and stand before that throne because we'll be in that throne. We'll be seated in judgment with him and and and and having mercy upon who we will have mercy. crying out for the people who don't have a hope, hoping that somehow someway they did do something for the bride, for the elect in the age in which they lived, even though they claimed to be a Christian. My he goes on to say, they remind us exactly of Balum. Remember the deeds of the nickelans. You can't have nickelism without this fella turning up, without this behavior here. Balamism. They remind us exactly of Balum. He had the prophetic office. He knew the proper approach unto God as demonstrated in the sacrifice of the clean beasts. Yet he was not a true word prophet. For when God told him not to go honor Bailac, sorry, when God told him not to go honor Bailac with his presence, he sought to go anyway, for he was motivated by his lust for gold and prestige. Those giants were pretty big in his life. We don't want to be motivated by a lust for gold or prestige in this life, brothers and sisters. So God let him go. The perfect will of God gave way to the permissive will of God because of the heart desire of Balum. God actually said, "Go ahead." Isn't it interesting? Because he asked God first and God said, "No, don't go." Right? But he had to go back and ask again because he had this thing in his heart. And then God did say go. And he says, "Did God change his mind?" "No, sir." God had his way regardless of Balum going. Balum did not enol the will of God. God had his way regardless. It was Balum who was the loser for he bypassed the word. And today we have that very same thing. women preachers, organization, false doctrine, etc., and people worshiping God, manifesting in the spirit, and going right on as did Balum, claiming that God has spoken to them, even when the commission received is opposite to the revealed word. That's right. And I will not deny that God spoke to them. But it was just like when he spoke to Balum that second time. That's where we need to be very cautious and careful. We need to make sure that we're following the word of God. Amen. And I say, Lord, check me. Help me know. Cuz boy, I don't want to get that way. I know many times we can want something real bad in our life and God just doesn't give it to us. And because he doesn't give it to us doesn't mean that he won't give it to us. Maybe he's just not giving it to us right now. But we need to have the patience to trust him as our Lord, as our God, and let him bring it to pass. Amen. I just think it's amazing how he says this. And I will not deny that God spoke to them. But it was just like when he spoke to Balam that second time as he knew that Balum wanted his own heart desire above the word and he gave it to him yet all the while in the end having his own way. Even so today God tells folks go ahead with your own heart's desires for they will already be rejected. They w have already rejected the word, but the will of God will be done regardless. Amen. And I've heard it said before that God will sometimes let us get into his permissive will and he will allow us to go through the fence board, the knot hole in the fence board sideways. He'll let us have a bumpy road in our life. We'll have some problems. We'll have some circumstances and some situations to get us to look up. God will always have his will come to pass. The will of God will always be done regardless. Amen. I hope you see this. It will not only clear up much of what is seen in all ages, but it will especially help in this last age which has so much manifestation and external blessings when the whole period is so against the word revealed will of God. Amen. I think that's so important. That three-word statement, word, revealed, will his will is his word. If ever in an age received a message loud and clear, this age did. It was and is that Old Testament truth. The son of the bond woman will distress the son of the free woman until the son of the bond woman be cast out. That lets us know that the hatred and blasphemy of Satan against the true Christian will be vented through a group who are nominal false Christians. And this will increase until God uproots that false vine at the end of the Leodysian age. And you know, brothers and sisters, we might not see it, but I can tell you just by my own experience, by a little bit of study that's going on right now on the message of the hour. They are attacking William Marryiam Brham savagely, calling him all manner of names. I'm not going to get up and give them any credit, but what I am going to say is exactly what he said would happen is happening right now. Right now, today. And you can bet that they're going to keep pushing until it comes to the place where the government steps in and says, "If you get together and you mention this guy's name, we will shut you down." That day is very fast approaching. That's why I think it's so beautiful. We've got every single opportunity when we come to service to worship. Amen. One of these days it could change. We saw it happen with co brothers and sisters. And just before that happened, we had one of the best worship services I think we almost ever had. Just tremendous what can happen when we just let our inhibitions go and just give him freespirited worship. We don't have to worry. But uh we have every opportunity to give him our very best when we come to church. I I think that as we see that day approaching, um I just want to turn up the volume myself. My goodness. The third age revealed by the spirit the prophecy that the worldly church would adopt nickelatanism as a doctrine. The separation of the clergy from the leoty grew from the biblical truth of the elders, shepherds of the flocks, ruling the flock by the word to the deeds of the nicicoatans, wherein the clergy set themselves in ranks one over the other, which unscriptural formula then evolved into a priesthood that placed the clergy between man and God, giving the clergy certain rights, all the while denying the leoty their god-given rights. This was usurpation. In this age, it became a doctrine. It was established in the church as they assured as the assured word of God, which indeed it was not, but the clergy called it the word of God. And therefore the doctrine was antichrist. And that can happen in our day, brothers and sisters, where people can become a part of a church that gets set up, started, and they rely on the people that set up and start the church instead of seeing a spiritfilled pastor rise up in that church and become a sovereign body. That is exactly what happens. And and it's indeed necessary for people to help start a church. But once that church is started, then it's time to take hands off and let the Lord run that church. He goes on to say, because human government is politics, pure and simple, the church became involved in politics. This involvement was welcomed by a dictator emperor who joined the church politics with state politics and by force established the false church, Satan's false religion as the true religion. And though various edicts by various emperors, we find the false church with state power destroying the true vine even more avidly. Sad to say, the true vine was not exactly immune to this doctrine. By that, I do not mean that the true vine ever did establish the nicicoatan ideas as a doctrine. Far from it. But that little worm of death kept sucking at the true vine, hoping that it might fall. Even within the true church, men whom God had called overseers were holding that title to mean a little more than just a local responsibility. It was not the clear understanding of Paul that existed in the church at this time. For Paul had said, "And they glorified God in me." Galatians 1:24. No matter what authority Paul had, he kept the people looking to God from whom is all authority. The moment we get people looking to us, it's nickelanism. No matter what authority Paul had, he kept the people looking to God from whom is all authority. But the clergy was always looking to divine leadership plus human. And thus in giving honor where honor was not due, we find that the true church was spotted with humanism with nickelanism established. Remember, remember brothers and sisters, as we say this, as we talk about this, as I preach it, it's not a raging monster. It's just a subtle whisper. It's just an undercurrent. It's just a conversation over a coffee, conversation in the corner of the church, in the basement, or in the parking lot or over a dinner. It's a very, very subtle thing. It's not a raging monster what we're talking about here. The church was spotted with humanism. With nickelatanism established, apostolic succession placed ministers, pastors voted in, etc. It was only one step for the false church to proceed to balamism. The second step to the depths of Satan was now in full progress. Remember he says it very clearly. There is no such thing as apostolic succession. Nobody according to the church of the living God is simply appointed in. That's not the way it works. Nobody is simply given a title of a leader of a church just because they're born in the lineage of a church. That's not the way it works. There has to be the voice of the Holy Ghost in the people in the body of believers. There has to be otherwise we have uh this combination of the nickelanism and balamism and it is a slippery slope once you get down that road. The second step was the doctrine of Balum described in revelations 2:14 wherein Balam taught Bailo to stumble the children of Israel by united meeting. and and how how did he actually get him to do it? I believe we'll probably wind up closing out with this this paragraph here because it's such an important one, brothers and sisters. The way that he did it for those who don't remember, and even those who do, I'm just going to talk about it. He actually took them and showed them the hinderer parts of the people in multiple different angles, not just once, but multiple times. took this prophet of God and showed all of the hinderer parts of the people talking about their weaknesses, talking about how they behave in this situation and how they behave in that situation. You know, we're honestly we're all human beings and we've got the the beautiful polished bright side that we all like to display to the world around us. But we all have hinder parts, too. We all have weaknesses. And you know, Satan is just waiting for the opportunity to actually get in a conversation just like this one here we're talking about. That is how he got them to believe they were all united together. That was the that was the actual action part of it. But before it happened, we know that Bailo taught Balam to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel. And how did he do it? He actually got them looking at their hinder parts. It's such a difficult thing, but I think we really need to remember, let's talk about the the front parts of one another. Let's talk about the good things. The prophet of God said, "Say good things. Don't talk bad about someone." You don't have to kill someone. You can assassinate them by talking about their character. Amen. Alls we need to do is say good things. Let the Holy Ghost rule. Amen. And you know, nobody will hear us when we're talking at our dinner table or driving in our car. Nobody will hear the slaying that's going on when we're talking about our brother and our sister or other people. No one will hear the slaughter taking place, but God does. And and and who more important is there to hear what we're saying? But God. And you know what else happens is Satan hears it, too. And then he thinks, "Right on. Now I've got a foothold. Now I'm getting through my doctrine of the of the balumism is actually taking hold. This is actually taking place in this person's life. Now I know that I can continue on with them and you can watch it will just progress if it's not dealt with. It is a terrible thing this doctrine of Balum. The second step was the doctrine of Balum described in Revelations 2:14 where Balum taught Bailo to stumble the children of Israel. I said that wrong earlier. I said it backwards. I apologize. to stumble the children of Israel by a united meeting. There the guests would do two more things contrary to the word of God. You recall that Bailac needed help to keep his kingdom. He called on the most dominant spiritual figure of his day, Balam. Balam gave the advice that trapped and destroyed Israel. Can you imagine how he'll answer for that one day? the gift that God gave him to be a prophet, a God-given prophet, and then he took it and used it that way. My Balum gave the advice that trapped and destroyed Israel. It was first of all to suggest that they all get together and talk things over and eat together and get things ironed out. My get a bunch of ministers together and start disputing doctrine. Okay, after all, understanding each other goes a long way, right? Once you accomplish that, you can go from there. The next step would be worshiping together. And of course, a little pressure from the host usually makes the guests go a lot further than they intended. Now that didn't only happen back there to God's church of the Old Testament, but it happened to the church of the New Testament. For there was an emperor who like Bailo needed help to secure his kingdom. My so Constantine invited the nominal Christian first Christian church of Rome to help get him the Christians behind him as they were a very large body. The outcome was the Nyine Council of 3:25. There the Christians, both true and nominal, came together at the invitation of Constantine. The true Christians had no business even going up to the meeting. Can you believe that? They had no business going to that meeting. Goodness. I'll call the musicians as we close tonight. They had no business going up to that meeting. In spite of all Constantine Constantine could do to unite them all, the real believers knew they were out of place and left. But to those who remained, Constantine gave of the state's treasury along with political and physical force. The people were introduced to idol worship and spiritism. For statues with the names of saints were placed in the buildings, and the people were taught to commune with the dead or pray to saints, which is nothing more nor less than spiritism. for the food that man truly needs, even the word of God. They were given creeds and dogmas and rituals, which were also enforced by the state. And above all, they were given three gods with a triple compound name of the one true God. and water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ gave way to the pagan baptism of three titles. My the real believers ought not to have gone there. They had already lost much truth. And now they too would lose the understanding of Godhead and forfeit names for titles in water baptism. Maybe stand with me as we close tonight. He says, "Now watch this doctrine of Balum most carefully. Notice above all that it is deliberate. It is the deliberate maneuver of a corrupt clergy to bind the people to them by leading the people deliberately into the sin of unbelief. The nickelan doctrine was the corruption of the clergy as they sought political power amongst themselves. While balamism is the subjection of the people to their system of creed and worship in order to hold them. My now watch this carefully. What was it that bound the people to the nominal church and thereby destroyed them? What was it? It was the creeds and dogmas formed in church tenants. It was the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. They were not given the true food, the word. They were given the food that came from idol worship. Babylonian paganism wrapped up in Christian terminology. And the very same spirit and doctrine is amongst all Protestants and it is called denomination. My the leadership of men instead of the leadership of the Holy Ghost. We'll stop there tonight. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we just thank you for your word. Thank you for the the office of a vindicated prophet. Lord, thank you that Lord we are able to recognize that we live in a world of 8 billion people. Lord, very few, very, very few people are able to recognize what you've done in this last age. And Lord, we don't count it a great thing for us. Lord, we count it in in absolute humility because we recognize that the only way that we are able to see this is because you have chosen us to do so. And Lord, we don't want to take and add a word to it and we don't want to take a word from it. We're so thankful that this prophet, this messenger that you gave to this age simply pointed to your word. Father, I just pray tonight that he that hath an ear, let him hear what your spirit saith unto the church in this last day. We know not what time you will take us home, but we know that day is is so close. Help us, Father, to be ready. Help each one of us to search our hearts and our minds, Lord. and and more than that to give you the ability to search our hearts and our minds. Lord, that we would just be correct according to your word for our day. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We pray that you would just keep your hand upon us as we go our separate ways tonight. We just ask if it be your will that you would bring us back again on Sunday. Thank you for the ability to have a communion service, Lord. We look forward to it and we just ask that you would do something special for us, Lord. in that very service. Now, just keep your hand upon us, Lord, and receive the worship, Father, as we close with a few songs. Now, we just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we sing 1201, Psalm 34? [Music] I'm sorry. I sought the [Music] Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on [Music] him, they'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Oh, sorry. And the Lord heard me and saved me from my [Music] enemies. The son of [Music] God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. [Music] Forever will taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. for all you say. He'll give you everything. He'll give you [Music] everything. Magnify the Lord with me. [Music] his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord every day night. Never ending [Music] gra. Let us bless the Lord. Every day [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] and the Lord is give you everything you Amen. Can we sing 228 Majesty? 228 Majesty. Oh [Music] majesty, worship his [Music] majesty. Unto Jesus be all glory, honor and praise. [Applause] Majesty [Applause] [Music] authority flows from his mind to his own is so exalt. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus Christ is now glorified of Amen. 970 praise you as we close tonight. Lord, I come to you to the sing to pray. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
