################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 2025-04-20 Bro. Mervin  - Justified by Resurrection - Mervin Pineda.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    2025-04-20 Bro. Mervin  - Justified by Resurrection
Speaker:  Mervin Pineda
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttwYKtqTPS4
========================================

Description:
Bro Mervin Pineda- 
Wednesday , April 23th, 2025

OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
Notes:
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] behal. I love you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you once again. Good to be back in the house of the Lord on a Wednesday night. Good to have each one out. Few people traveling. We're just coming back and certainly good to be back in the house of the Lord with all of you. Thank you for your prayers. We've been praying for you and our pastor, I believe, is ministering in Saskatoon tonight. So, we'll hold him up in prayer. Brother Mvin here tonight. Looking forward to feeding on the word of the Lord again this this evening. God bless you. Stand with me if you would as we start our service. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Aren't you glad for that righteous tower we can run into? Thank the Lord for that. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it. And they are sing blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. For the righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Oh, the righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. most high. Oh yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Most my hope is in the Lord. This time on and never more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in awe. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. Yes, we do, Lord. For whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the wisdom deceive that living sacrifice, my only source of life for my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever. [Music] Oh yes, his tender mercies come with every rising sun. Thank you Lord for the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Oh, my hope is in the [Music] Lord. From this time on and never more. Oh, my hope is in the [Music] Lord forever more. Brother Toby, would you come? Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and all my hope is in the Lord. [Music] Let us pray. Our dear heavenly father, what a privilege and an honor it is to be in your house tonight. Lord, in the cool of the evening, Lord Jesus, Lord, as you will descend, Lord Jesus Christ, to our first parents, Father, in the garden, Lord Jesus, and spend time with them, we are grateful to know that you have not stopped descending there, Father, Lord Jesus. And Lord, because you told us that wherever two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there in their midst. We are convinced tonight that you're here Lord Jesus Christ in this little gathering dear father Lord Jesus because this has is been done in your name there father and whatever is done in your name Lord Jesus Christ you would always stand with it there Lord Jesus. So we know you are here standing with us tonight there father may our worship be acceptable unto you there father your servant Lord Jesus Christ father that you have Lord ordained to speak the words of life tonight Lord Jesus through his mouth we pray that you inspire him Lord Jesus those that are able to be here we pray you bless them as well Lord Jesus Christ give them their own portion of the blessings for tonight there father Lord at the end of the service may we be able to look back and say it's been good to be in the presence of the Lord. And may the glory, the honor, and the praise be thine. For in Jesus Christ's name we pray. [Music] Amen. Thank you, brother Toby. May have your seats tonight. A little bit of a change in pace. There's power in the blood. I was listening to uh God and Simplicity and the end of the service. But a ram just goes into just the power of the blood. And it's just impossible not to be thankful that that blood remains for us. Even in our iniquities, God hears our prayers. It's just incredible the power of the blood this evening. Sing it with joy in your hearts. Would you be free? Yes, I'd be free. And I am free because of the power of his blood tonight. Oh, would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood. Would you or a victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh yes, there is power. Power. There's wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Power. There's wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood. Oh, come for a cleansing to Calary's side. There's wonderful power in that blood. Oh yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power. There's wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be wer much wer than snow? There's power in that blood. Oh, there's power in the [Music] blood. It is lifegiving flow. Oh, there's wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power. There's power. Oh, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh yes, there is power. Power. There's wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. His praises to sing. There is wonderful power in the blood. Oh yes, there is power, power, there's wonder working power in the [Music] blood of the lamb. Oh yes, there is power. There's power. There's wonder in the preious blood of the Lord. [Music] He shed his blood. How much more faithful could he be? Let's sing this prayerfully to the Lord tonight. Just worship the King of Kings, your husband, your Lord, your Savior. Oh, great is thy [Music] faithfulness, oh God, my father. Oh, there is no shadow of turning with thee. [Applause] Oh, thou changeest not. Thy compassions they fail not as thou hast been. Thou forever will be. Hebrews 13:8. Oh yes, great is thy faithfulness. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Morning, thy morning. New mercies I see. Oh Lord, all I have needed, thy handath proided. Oh, great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Summer and winter and springtime and harvest, sun, moon and stars in their forces above. Oh, they join with all nature in manifold witness to thy great faithfulness, mercy and love. Oh yes, great is thy faithfulness. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Morning, my [Music] morningies I see. Oh, for I have thy hand proided. For great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Oh, pardon for sin and a peace that endurth. Oh, thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide. Oh, strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. Oh blessings all mine with 10,000 beside. Thank you Lord. Oh yes. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning my morning. Your mercies I see, oh Lord, all I have needed thy hand and rom. Oh, great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. [Music] Faithful one, you're so unchangeing. Oh, ageless one. You're my rock of peace, oh Lord of all, I depend on you. Oh, I call out to [Music] you again. And again, I call out to [Music] you again and again. Aren't you glad he answers when you call? Oh, you are my rock in times of trouble. Oh. Oh Lord, you lift me [Music] up when I fall down. Oh, through the storms your love. My hope is in you alone. Maybe stand for me again. Oh, you are my rock in times of trouble. Oh Lord, you lift me up. [Music] When I fall down through the stor [Music] [Applause] [Music] My hope is in you, Lord. My hope is in you. [Music] Won't you come by here, my Lord? As brother Mvin comes. Oh, come by. by here. We invite you, Lord. Oh, come by here, my Lord. Won't you come by here? Oh, come by here, my Lord. Come by [Applause] here. Oh Lord, come by. Someone's praying. Oh, someone's praying. Lord, come by here. Someone's praying [Music] Lord come by me. Oh yes someone pray. Oh come back. [Music] [Applause] Oh Lord, come by. Come by here, Lord. Oh, come by here, my Lord. Come by [Music] here. Heat. Heat. Lord. Amen. Do you believe that he's here tonight? Amen. Amen. I'm so grateful unto him. Maybe we can sing while I'm preparing here. Uh do you have any song that you wanted to Maybe I love you. I love you, Lord. Goodness of God. Oh, goodness of God. Yeah. Okay. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails [Music] me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You led me through the fire in darkness light. You were close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I will live in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after me. Your goodness is running after is running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. My life went down. I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after is running after me. All my life. All my life you have [Music] been all my life you have been so so good with every breath that [Music] I see of the goodness of Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. Thank you for his goodness. Amen. In our lives. I I'll take the musicians. Uh Amen. Uh let's check the the the presentation here. I know we will go back and forth but uh Amen. Thank you musicians. Amen. Are you happy this evening? His goodness is running after us. Amen. Amen. We are sinners but he's running after us. We didn't look for him. He found us. Amen. He sought for us. Amen. Uh, I'll just uh uh check what we have here. I know we're we celebrated Easter, but then it's we know Easter is not just a day. It's not just a memorial, but it's a life living in us. Amen. Because Easter is a person. Amen. And we are justified by his resurrection. We know the topic of brother Emanuel on his sermon is witness witnessing the resurrection but then uh I I would add to it we are justified made righteous by his resurrection. Amen. That's our topic this uh this evening and the text will be John 14:19. Uh before we read that uh we'll just include the the prayer request here and then uh once we read this and then we'll include that in the prayers. Uh please remember sister Ruth uh as she travels to Ghana for her wedding. Amen. This is her last Wednesday uh last last last Sunday. I thought uh it was uh we we thought it was her last day but uh today is her last Wednesday. Amen. And uh when she comes back she'll be uh not only she will not be twain. I mean she will be one with uh with her husband. Amen. And uh yeah we'll We'll remember her in prayer and uh also brother Benny uh Sarpong was not uh feeling well tonight uh and he's at home uh and uh we know we have this resurrection is not only for for salvation it's also for healing. Therefore we will claim it tonight. Amen. And even uh sister Mary Janette requested for prayer later on. We will anoint her with oil but maybe after the preaching. Amen. And uh uh so at least there will be some uh basis on it and uh we can have the anointing through the Holy Spirit. Amen. Hallelujah. Healing comes from the body. Amen. Amen. And uh uh let's read John 14:19. Amen. Yet a little while and the world see me no more. But ye, you and me, ye see me. The world will not see him, but us being believers will see him. Amen. Why? Because I live, ye shall live also. Amen. Let's bow our hearts this evening. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, I don't know but uh I'm nervous because I know you are here. Amen. Oh Lord, we cannot contain your presence. Oh Lord, we just want to surrender ourselves unto you, Lord, so that we can we can be used for your glory, oh Lord Jesus. Lord, we are so needy people, Lord. But then by your declaration, Lord, by your manifestation in our lives, Lord, we can we can declare that you are in us and we are believers. Amen. and we can claim for those promises, Lord, of your resurrection, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we we're so thankful unto you, Lord. We know we are here this evening, Lord, not to see each other, but to feed on your word, oh Lord Jesus, and we we just want to bring the needs, Lord, before you. We just want to ask, Lord, for your traveling mercies to to Sister Ruth, Lord. Uh and even uh her wedding, Lord. May you anoint it Lord. May you bless it Lord abundantly Lord. We know marriage is not easy but Lord you have uh appointed it for for their lives Lord to be married and we know that you will bless it Lord Jesus. And even uh brother Andy oh Lord Jesus that's not or Benny Benjamin Sarpong Lord that is not feeling well Lord tonight he's at home Lord Jesus may you uh heal him completely oh Lord by the preaching and teaching of your word tonight Lord Jesus I know he's already healed it's already passed it's already happened oh Lord Jesus we will just claim for that and even for sister Mary Janette Lord you She wanted to be anointed with oil later on, oh Lord Jesus, as we preach on your word, Lord. We feed on your word, Lord Jesus. May it quicken into our hearts, oh Lord Jesus, that we we can claim it, oh Lord, because it's your promise and you have said in your word. All this we ask in the mighty name of Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Just want to welcome brother Paul and sister Elaine and yes the pleasants and uh we have so many uh not so many uh we call them visitors but I believe they are not visitors anymore. Amen. Uh sister Ne. Amen. Amen. Uh and I don't think we have other visitors here. Yeah. So Amen. So we are in Easter week maybe the second week of the resurrection. But then the thing is like I've said the meaning of Easter is uh the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's the central meaning of Easter which is the resurrection of Jesus and it took place uh on the third day of his resurrection. Amen. And uh we will uh tackle about it. You can see John 14:19. Amen. Uh I will go back and forth here. Yet a little while and the world sit me no more. But ye see me, ye see me or you see me in the in plural tense. Because I live, you shall live also. You can see the the out my the outline of my sermon is uh justified by the resurrection. Justified if we will define it. Amen. It's righteousness being righteous. You are made righteous. But then in in some uh in some definitions, why did he justify you? Why did he made you righteous? Or why did he make you righteous? Because he owns you. You are owned by him. Amen. That therefore he justified you. He made you righteous. Amen. Being married, right? Being a man, you must be ready to die for your wife. Amen. Amen. Otherwise, your marriage is in vain. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because he did that for us. Jesus Christ gave his life for us because he loved us. Amen. Amen. In the natural, it must be the same. If a husband is not ready to die for his wife, I don't think that's a good marriage to be. Amen. To be in. Amen. So, how did he do that? The first thing is this is the plan of redemption even before the foundation of the world. Amen. Amen. Uh I know I put a lot of slides there but then I will call uh call the scripture here and there brother if you can prepare. Revelations 138. Amen. Uh I think I will just ask you so that uh I don't disturb myself with with uh with different notes uh because uh you see 1200 plus messages to unload it in one hour is not easy. Amen. That's why I I I feel brother Emanuel. He had only one and a half hour and I will have one hour message of one hour, right? Message of the hour. We will try because it's Wednesday, right? But then the thing is let's talk about the importance of this resurrection. Amen. Justification by resurrection. It is as uh barberry preached, right? It's uh it is before the foundation of the world. We are already in his mind, right? We were part of him even before the foundation of the world. Revelations 13:18, "And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb's lame from the foundation of the world." And in Ephesians 1:4-5, according I'll uh I hope you he he he can cope up with me. Ephesians 14:5 because we're talking about predestination and adoption. Amen. according as he had hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So you can see even before the foundation of the world we are already in his mind. Amen. And in 1 Peter 1:20, it's so important to understand this uh principles, brothers and sisters, so that we won't be lost and then we can be at rest. We don't need to worry at all. Amen. When when we understand uh uh the principles of uh principles of this redemption. Amen. Redemption even before the foundation of the world. 1 Peter 1:20, who verily was for ordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in this last times. For whom? For you and me. So manifestation declaration at this time. Amen. You can see God foresaw this fall. Amen. And the lamb was already slain in his plan before the world began. So Easter was not an accident. It was the unveiling of divine of his divine purpose. And what's that divine purpose? Christ was our redeeming redeemer long before we were born. And uh as brother Brandham taught uh because I live, you shall live also. Amen. And this resurrection was already finished in God's thoughts before time. So you can see resurrection even he was not yet dead right be but he's already made alive because he already provided that sacrifice. Amen. Even before the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. Amen. So so we can see that that uh bear with me here that cross. Amen. the cross, the death. You you can go to page uh six, brother. So I I already shared this to you before. Uh the cross of Calvary, there is a meaning in there. Man was separated from God. Why? Because of sin. But then because of the cross, the second page, the next page, he was the bridge so that we can go to God. Amen. So I know uh these are very basic, but then visually we can remember we are always separated from God because of what? Because of the fall, because of sin. And it's only through that cross that we can cross and go back to God. Amen. Not saying that God is different from Jesus Christ. God became flesh. Amen. So that because he's a spirit. Amen. He's a fountain of spirit and he cannot die in spirit form. So that's why he came to a to his flesh. He became man. Amen. He became flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. And by his death on the cross, we are able to cross now bridge. He's the bridge, right? He's the uh he's standing on the go for us, man. so that we can go back to God. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? That's the payment for sin, brothers and sisters. Amen. And in Isaiah 53:5, I'm not preaching different things. I'm just reminding ourselves, right? It's a Wednesday. I know uh it will be a little bit of a basic mid and maybe up to master and doctorate. Let's see if uh if we can go even deeper because we're one room schoolhouse. Amen. I Isaiah 53:5. So that we will be reminded. Amen. Right. Because like tonight there there are sickness. This is in the body. Sickness in the body. But we are being reminded that by stripes we are healed. Isaiah 53:5. But let's be reminded brothers and sisters. I hope it's okay to read scriptures and and some quotes. Amen. But he was wounded for our transgression. What is transgression? Our sins. He became sin so that we will become God's righteousness. Amen. You can see that. Oh yeah, it's not there. But uh you can see that he brided the gap. He became sin for us so that we in in the sight of God, he will always see Jesus Christ being righteous right on ourstead. Amen. But he was wounded for our transgression. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and with his stripes we are healed. Past tense. Amen. And John 19:30. Brother, I know it it will be a little bit of a study and a little bit of preaching, but then I hope it's okay. Amen. Uh we won't be uh afraid to to read the scriptures. Amen. Because this is life. The scriptures is the word. Amen. and the word. If you think about the book of redemption, what did John see? He saw his name. Meaning, because we are part of the word, right? We can see our name written in that book of life, lamb's book of life. Amen. And and therefore, the book of redemption, you can see it composed of our names which which we are part of that word because it's the word written, right? But then the word that you can see there are names. you and me. Amen. That's why book of redemption, lamb's book of life, they are called different things, but then they mean the same. And for us, the bride, we're so thankful because our names are written in that book. Amen. And why were they written? They were written even before the foundation of the world. Amen. A and if you can see in in Revelations 10:8-11 he was asked John the type of the bribe was asked to take the book right revelations 10:1-7 is for bar branam and Jesus Christ amen because he's the we know revelations 10:7 uh is the seventh angel messenger but 8 to11 is for the bride John was asked take to take the book right when you take the book and then eat it, right? But then no one is worthy to take that book. Remember in Revelations 5, no one is even uh uh is even worthy to take that book because it's a it's a it's a closed book in Revelations 5, but in Revelations 10, it's open. Now, when it was opened, it's the voice that asked, "Take it and eat it." But who made the uh who made Jan to be worthy to take that book. It's the voice that that uh that asked him to take the book. Right? So that voice we know the shout is the message of the hour. The voice is I it's the it's the voice of the resurrection and the trump it's the one that we are waiting which is the which is the rapture. Amen. Which is the meeting in the air. That's the only thing that we don't know right now. It's the actual time when we will be raptured. But it will happen. Amen. Because the shout is the message. The voice is the voice of the resurrection which is also living in you and me right now. That's why we that's why the the the responsibility in the bride is is deep. It's uh very heavy. Uh we will we'll talk about that later if we can. Right. uh that's why we are able to impart eternal life to those who we will be meeting. Amen. So John 19:30 you can see this is the payment for sin. I'm I'm on the second uh outline here why why he needs to be resurrected. Amen. When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, "It is finished." And he bowed his head and gave up the ghost. So it is finished means that's the finishing of his uh of what is uh prophesied that he will die for for for the sinners. Amen. And in Romans 6:223 it's for us Romans 6:223. But now be now now right this is the date being made free from sin. Who who is free from sin right now? Ask. Amen. And become servants to God. Ye have your fruit unto holiness and the end everlasting life or eternal life. For the wages of sin is death. But it it didn't end there. I hope we can read it. But the gift of God is eternal life. How? through Jesus Christ our Lord. So you can see brothers and sisters the payment for sin. Amen. Brother Vanham said the crucifixion the crucifixion on the cross was the full payment for sin. But then it didn't end there. The wrath of God was satisfied. Amen. But the resurrection, Amen. Crucifixion is the payment. But the resurrection was the receipt receipt of that payment. Amen. Calvary finish it. Easter confirms it. Aren't you thankful, brothers and sisters? When you pay something, you you will receive a receipt, right? And if it is sealed, that is paid. Why worry? It's already fully paid. Amen. How? By his death. Amen. He died for our sins. If if we if we can just understand that we we will really cry because the thing is uh he loved us so much that he gave his life for us. Amen. And you can see those who who believe his message, the apostles, they are the ones who who first died for him, right? They're mostly martyed except for John who was tried to be martyed but was boiled, you know, until he's supposed to die but he didn't die. He died of uh uh old age but if you if you check how do how how these apostles died brothers and sisters you you won't you won't think that wow can I do that and even the prophets of old like Isaiah I think he was a sander cut into two you know inverted right uh you know uh tied upside down and then he was uh he was sown as into two his body was split into two by So, oh it's it's brutal when we can check that thing. These are Christians, brothers and sist brothers and sisters. And for us right now, we are here living in Canada. Everything is free, right? You have carbon rebate. You have all this you all all these handouts and everything, right? We should we should reflect on this because Easter is not a memorial. It's not uh a day to just remember that he resurrected. It's alive, brothers and sisters. Like brother Emanuel was uh preaching last Sunday. It's life. His his death, burial, and resurrection will not mean anything if uh if uh if he didn't resurrect, right? Uh that's why for us, we believe that he resurrected otherwise uh all the prophecies in the Bible will be in vain. And we're so thankful that uh we are part of him even while he is on the cross. Remember scripturally it is said we are his bones. We are his flesh. So when he died on Calvary we are with him. But then when he resurrected we are also with him. We rose with him. Therefore we're part of him. Brothers and sisters. Why worry now if we are part of him? A spoon or or an ocean has all the elements in it. But you are a let's say you're just a spoon of that ocean. So whatever content in that whole thing, you are part of it. So that's why the bride is many member body, right? There's no there's no big eyes and little use. We are all required in the economy of God. Amen. And that's why the payment for sin is uh uh g I mean the the the crucifixion is the payment for sin but the resurrection is the receipt that the price has been paid that God already that God himself accepted that sacrifice. Amen. Therefore when we sin we know we're not the one sinning. Right? It's this flesh that's sinning and the spirit that's sinning, but the soul in us because we are part of God, we don't sin. Amen. Oh, so we we talk about our uh justification uh uh justified by resurrection. It's the justification of believers. Amen. And Romans 4:25, you can see, you can see here, who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. Justification, like what we mentioned a while ago, justification is we we being made righteous in his sight. Amen. We are being owned by him fully. That's the reason why he justified us. Amen. And Romans 8:11, it's very, we always sing this. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by spirit that dwelleth in you. Amen. So what what kind of spirit that raised Jesus from the dead? It's God God's spirit himself is the father. And that spirit will be the same that will dwell in us. Amen. That's why it's in the scripture. Whether we live, whether we die, we are Christ. So we don't need to worry. Brother Branham is saying whatever you do to this flesh, it doesn't matter whether you burn it, you you know you you torture it, whatever you do, it doesn't matter because there will be a resurrection. Amen. That's and and and even tonight we have uh we have a lot of sickness that are being requested uh for healing right because this body is is corruptible that's the reason why we need a body change amen because this one is not uh is not intended to uh to be like this but because of the fall it everything died because of the fall but then God already before the foundation of the world on But his thought is he wanted to be a healer. He wanted to be a savior, right? He wanted to be God basically, right? So all all those attributes even before the foundation of the world, they are already in his mind. That's the reason why uh they happened and he allowed it, right? So that we can declare those attributes. He can declare those attributes. And now the bride because uh when Jesus was uh on the cross, we were not there 2,000 years ago. Right? But then the thing is why h how how can how how would we know that we are in him? Because the word said so because we are part of him. Amen. So, so now that that uh that debt on Calvary, it's a bleeding word. Amen. Many are are preaching that the the mercy seat is over, right? But then you cannot see that in the message because mercy still is still effective right now and it's in the heart of man right now. The mercy seat is in the heart of man. That's why when when when we see other people that don't believe this message yet, we have the ability or we have the power to impart eternal life because we have that eternal life. Amen. And and and for us knowing who we are, right? The bride of Jesus Christ that uh that gave everything for us. You can see his promise is like a it's like uh it's more gas board or uh or or a buffet. Amen. It's like the gifts of God were were poured into us but the only thing that he has is uh we have to take it ourselves. If you are in a buffet uh all you can eat restaurant maybe they will serve you drinks only, right? But but most of the time you have to take your own. Everything is before you. Amen. Take what you need. Take what you want. You have to take it yourselves. Amen. It's not It's not a handout. Amen. We There's no lazy Christian. Amen. Spiritually, that's why we have to drive. We have to We have to uh sacrifice. We have to uh pray. We have to eat the word. Amen. It's important for us. I know it's a it's a curse in North America that we we have almost everything. That's why uh that's why most people they they they're just waiting for their handouts. Amen. But for us, we're Christians. We know that we have to pro provide for our family. We don't rely on the government to give us all these handouts. We we drive and work. Amen. And and it's this the same spiritually. We have to feed on the word and pray every time. Amen. So 1 Corinthians 15:2-22, you can see this is uh this is the justification of believers. Amen. And I'm so glad that uh we have this uh message of the hour which is uh which is the declaration of of the word in our day. Amen. It's the but but how sometimes we are being asked how how would you know that uh this is the truth? You know, because it's it's a written word, right? It's also a spoken word. But is it manifested unto you? That's the that's the main question, right? Because uh you can ask uh oh you you are blessed. That's why you uh that's why you can say that. But then the thing is before being blessed you you can see that uh uh you know you you went through trials sufferings afflictions we we still do but then the thing is the manifest the manifestation of the life of Christ in us it will show it's the change in us basically right if if we can think of uh it is the rising of the sun that g there is uh uh when you have the spirit that uh case Christ Jesus from the dead dwell in you. It will quicken your mortal body. Meaning also is it will change your mindset. Everything that you think before that are worldly will will will come out will be replaced by by that spirit because the Holy Spirit will will tell you oh you don't want to do all these worldly things. Amen. We're in progress. We know that not everyone is uh uh you know in in that stage already. But uh we are trying our best. That's the reason why we are here. There's a purpose why we have the five-fold ministry so that we can be reminded although it's there. We can read but then the thing is uh are we living according to it? Right? Amen. So so 1 Corinthians 15:20-22 but now is Christ risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept. For since by man came came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. Is this is condemnation by representation but justification. Amen. Also by one person. Amen. And you can see uh one person condem uh made the whole whole uh whole uh world to be condemned right that is in Adam and and Eve of course right uh but then by the death of Jesus Christ we are justified we were made righteous because of that debt so it you see that substitution is very important right we don't even need to do ourselves. It's Jesus Christ himself who did it for us. The only thing that we need to do is to accept it. Accept the sacrifice. Amen. We know we believe it. We believe the message of the hour because we know the the the the original sin is unbelief in the word of God. But it didn't stop there. You have to accept the sacrifice and live according to the word. Amen. So it's important he was raised rise or resurrected to justify us. Amen. His resurrection declared that the payment was accepted. Now no more condemnation. There is not therefore now no condemnations. Revel uh Romans 8. You can see Revelation 7 uh Romans 7 it's about the flesh man. But then uh Romans 8 because it's like a new heaven and new earth. Right after the seventh day 8 you'll be in eternity. Amen. There's a there there is a significance there in Romans 7. By the flesh, it's a completion. But then 8 is eternity. Amen. That that's why there's therefore now no condemnation for them who are in Christ Jesus. Amen. Revelations 8, brothers and sisters, I love it. If you if you will read the whole chapter, Amen. whom we did forno. Amen. He just he predestinate. Amen. Whom he predestinate them he called them he called he justified them he justified he glorified it means there is a hope brothers and sisters it's a it's it's a promise why why do we depend on the promise because it's in the word we can say what's the absolute we we believe that the word is the absolute amen of God which is the Bible is the absolute and the message of the hour points us to the absolute always and the the absolute which is Jesus Christ himself which is the word which is the Holy Spirit which is the father son holy ghost everything it's in the message of the hour you know what I'm saying so what what I'm trying to point is the absolute is Jesus Christ himself which is the word and the message of the hour which is your uh you can say I already explained this it's just like binocular it's just like your compass uh pointing to the north star pointing to to the right direction he will point us to the absolute that's why putting this together when you when you check the message of the hour it's actually talking about the word of god completely the fullness of the word amen and uh if if if I will I will uh give a a formula also the mechanics which is the word plus the dynamics which is the Holy Spirit will equal life. So what I'm saying is if you have the word but you don't have the Holy Spirit it's not complete. It's only 50%. So you don't have the full life the life of Christ right? If you don't have the word but you have the spirit holy spirit it's again 50%. You need to have both the mechanics which is the word and the dynamics which is the Holy Spirit so that you can have life. Amen. It's it's being asked uh sometimes uh uh you can have the right doctrine but wrong spirit or you can have the right uh the wrong the right doctrine but uh wrong spirit. Amen. Okay. Uh did I was I mixed up there? So wrong doctrine, right spirit equals still wrong. Right? So right doctrine but wrong spirit is still wrong. But for us brothers and sisters, we have both right. We have the word and we have the right spirit. That's why we have the life. Amen. It's so important to understand that that uh uh we can have both, right? Why not? Why not do that? Amen. So so you can see the justification we are made righteous. because of his death. Amen. Because he he chose us even before the foundation of the world. We It's so It's I'm I'm so glad that uh uh you know uh we we knew the message although I was not looking for it. You know my testimony it uh the good the goodness of God is running after us. Although we're not looking for it, it will run after us. Even even in in in in the Garden of Eden. Amen. It was God who's looking for them because they're the one who who who uh who wanted to uh to go away. They they were the one who went astray. Amen. Oh, there's so much things here, but uh let's see. We'll continue. So, the quickening power is in the bride today. What you can see Galatians 2:20, brother, I know we're kind of being silent here, but uh yeah, we're we have time. So, 25 more minutes. Uh but we will read the at least we we have all the scriptures here. The quickening power is in the bride today. So, Galatians 2:20, I am crucified with Christ. This is Paul speaking. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. Amen. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. So you can see here, it's the faith of the son of God, not our faith. It's the faith of the son of God in us. Amen. We are so thankful that his faith is in us. Amen. And in Romans 8:11, we we can see if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Amen. And uh Ephesians 2:6, and had raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That is in Ephesians 2:6. You can see brothers and sisters when when we are here uh listening to to message or or or preaching fullness of the word and we are with believers of like precious faith. We are already sitting in heavenly places. Amen. Because uh the God that is in you is the God is in me also. Amen. And we are part of his economy. Amen. We we are part of his resurrection, his power. Amen. And that's why in John 14:12, he said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall you do, because I go unto my father." So, so you you can see this this uh greater works. Barham said, "More works also, but greater works because Jesus Christ multiplied bread, right? He fed the multitude. So from I think five loaves of bread and two fish, he fed the 3,000. Amen. And then he turned water into wine, right? In in in in uh uh that's the wedding in Canaa. But then the thing is uh in this last days with Bar Brham, he speaks squirrels into existence. So he spoke something out of nothing. So with Jesus Christ, right, he multiplied something from something, right? He turned water to wine. But then in in in in in in Baram's time, he spoke things into existence. He commanded the storm. I know Jesus Christ has that power too. But then the thing, it was declared to us. That's why we have greater works. And greater works means you can impart eternal life to others because that eternal life is in you. You cannot give something that you don't have. We always preach that. I'm I'm I'm just reminding that we are the we we can bridge the gap to to our loved ones who are not believers yet. We we we discuss or or we bar talk about the classes of people, right? Not everyone will be bright. But then for us sitting on a Wednesday night. Amen. We are we cannot say everyone is bride but uh we were claiming that we are all the bride of Jesus Christ. We are no no longer the church. We are called the bride of Christ. Amen. Amen. And and and the bride is a newly wedded wife. And it doesn't stop there. We are being united now spiritually. A spiritual union. Amen. And and we are only waiting for the body change which is the rapture. Amen. But the the process of the rapture is in us right now. It's happening right now, brothers and sisters. Upon upon receiving this word, Amen. You you are already in that process. When you're in the process, right? The only way is to progress, right? Although you might backslide but backsliding even brother Branham is saying it's part of the word because you who said that uh I back I backslide daily right or uh because the thing is we we we are still in this flesh. Amen. That's why what but but there's no excuse to backslide. We know that right? But then the thing is it's part of being human because this flesh and the spirit too is against our soul. two against one. We are three, right? We are trying being, right? We have body, we have spirit and soul. But this body is always sinning. This spirit, your memory, your your conscience, reasoning, imagination, memory, affection is all mostly worldly. But then your soul, that's what Satan cannot touch. Amen. Because it belongs to God. You see, two against one. So twothirds of our being is against against our soul against our real us. So it's difficult but then the thing is because of his res because of his sacrifice on the cross we are made righteous. We are made justified because of of that uh sacrifice. Amen. We're so thankful on that brothers and sisters. If we cannot do it by our own. Amen. That's why Easter is not just Easter means resurrection is not just a history. It's happening now. It's a continuation of uh of the death of Jesus Christ and resurrection because we rose with him. Even even the the Romans 6 when when we are baptized right we are submerged totally that means total death and when we rise we rise with him in the newness of life that's why death burial and resurrection right so so there is a formula how how how we how we can be quickened it's uh acts 238 we need to repent so that's our own valition Right? It means because gifts are uh gifts and callings are without repentance and gifts or or the rain falls on the just and the the unjust, right? Everything happens. So that the only thing that uh is required of us is to really believe and accept. So it means when we repent, it's our own valition. No one is requesting anyone to repent. Right? No one should ask someone to be baptized against their own valition. It should be free will. That's the reason why we are free moral moral agency. Otherwise, God will just make robots. Amen. That's the thing that uh uh he gave us that uh we'll require uh from our own valition. That's why the the key is you have to repent and be baptized for for what? For the remission of sins. And then what will happen after that? And then you will receive the ho uh the gift of the Holy Ghost. So those gifts are given to us freely. Amen. But we have to accept it. We have to receive it. Amen. And and and these are promises that were given and written in the Bible. Amen. So you can see it is uh in it is the rising of the sun. Barham preached you were in him when he rose. So when he rose, we were we we were in him. Amen. And and you can see the the spirit that he uh gave up when he died on the cross. That's the Holy Spirit that we received. Amen. It's not the chemistry of the blood. It's the life that it's in the blood that that went to the believer. So So you can see the wages of sin is death. So and uh without shedding of blood, there's no remission of sins. That's the reason why he allowed uh sin to come and then he's uh the penalty for sin is death. So he he being the redeemer himself, he went into into the veil of flesh so that he can die because a spirit cannot die. Amen. So Easter is the wave shift. It's the first fruit. Let's let's read leviticus 13:10-11. Yeah. Amen. This one is important, brothers and sisters, because uh the thing is uh the wave shift is uh you can see uh in the Old Testament. Let's read it, brother. Leviticus 23:10. We have time uh 15 more minutes. Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when you become when you become into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then ye shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your h harvest unto the priest, and he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted for you. On the tomorrow after the Sabbath the priest shall wave it. Amen. So you can see here Jesus is the first sheep that is waved before God. Amen. The acceptance of that first sheep means the entire harvest is accepted and we are part of that harvest. Amen. Right now we are believers of this message of the hour. Yes. The first wave shift for this message is Bar Brham. And it just means that what he received, we also received. Amen. You receive uh if you receive a prophet in his name, you will receive the prophet's reward. And if you will receive uh a man right in his own name that is righteous, you will receive also the same thing. That's why Barb, it didn't stop with Bar Brandham. It continued with us. Amen. So that's why Jesus Christ and then uh we know the message uh uh the prophet for this message uh for for for this uh age. It was brother Brandham who who gave us he he is our waves shift for for what we believe right now. And that waves shift is in us right now also. We are the waves shift being being waved right now. Amen. So, so that's why we we need to declare Jesus Christ in our lives. How? Amen. That that's the reason why of the the scripture is we are living epistles read of all men. Amen. Our lives declare what we believe. Amen. And and if we are in church, we are believers and then uh at work we are not believers, then that's hypocrisy. Amen. That's right. Wherever we go, whether in church or at school or wherever, we should be the same person. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. It's it's important because we are part of that harvest. We we belong to the same field. Amen. Though the maturity depends. Some are already matured, right? I mean, uh maybe they they are under the uh under the presence of the sun always. They always pray. They always uh uh read the the word. Amen. and uh read the the message. That's why they are matured. But then we have also younger people, young not only young, even older that are are not reading the word, that are not praying, that are not listening to message. That's why maturity is a little bit slower. But then everyone will come to maturity at the same time because everyone must be matured before we can be raptured. Amen. That's right. There there is a message to uh to the true church, right? The true church because we we claim that we are part of the true church. Amen. The mystical body of church. We are local church here. We are we we have other churches as well uh who believe the same message but then we belong to the same mystical body of Christ. Amen. And uh uh so so for us being part of this mystical body, right? We are Holy Ghost fil bride and we are called the true church and we are not just preaching Easter, we are living it. Amen. And and you can see Calgary Living Word Assembly, right? Living Word Fellowship. We we have so many other uh uh churches that uh that name their uh churches as living word because we are the living word. We are the manifestation of that living word. And it's a it's not a dead word. It's not only in letters. It's a living word manifesting in our lives. Amen. It's we are the continuation of the resurrection. Meaning it didn't stop only. It's not a day. It's a continuation. Amen. It's a it's a life. It's a continuous thing that uh that's going on right now. Amen. And uh uh and this is the living hope for us. What's that living hope? We're hoping for the rapture, right? 1 Thessalonians 4:16-7. Let's just read them. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. 1 Thessalonians 4:16-17. Brother Let's read uh this one because this is the living hope for every believer. And uh if uh if if we don't believe uh or if we don't hope for this then uh our our our faith is in vain. Amen. Living hope for the final resurrection. Amen. 1 Thessalonians 4:16-17. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven. Amen. with a shout, with with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then 17, then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. Oh, and so shall ever be with the Lord. That's the first uh uh rapture uh uh verse. And then in 1 Corinthians 15 51, this is also important just to remind ourselves. Amen. Because this is the hope because if it is written, it's a promise of God. Amen. And it will happen. That's the that's the reason why we're we we are believers of this word. Amen. Amen. 1 Corinthians 15:51, brother. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all asleep or sleep, but we shall all be changed. Next verse. In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. Amen. And uh in Job 19:25, brothers, brother, Job 19 25- 26. For I know, amen, that my redeemer liveth, do we? And that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. 26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. Thank you, Lord. 1 Peter 1 to3 1 Peter chapter 1:3, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy had begotten us again unto a lively hope." Hope of what? By the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. Amen. So you can see if Christ rose, so shall we? Amen. Because we're part of him. Amen. Yeah, the shout, the voice, the trumpet, they're not fiction. They are reality. We know it happened already. Uh only thing that we're waiting is the trump because that one is when we will have that uh uh meeting in the air. Exactly. But the the the shout and the voice we I I already preach on that and it's a timeline also. We can see 1963 when when the cloud appeared. That's that's the start of the shout which is the message of the hour. Although it uh started in 1946, all those things, but then when when the angel of the Lord came in Revelations 10:1, that's Jesus Christ himself. We know that. Amen. And and and that's the start of the seventh seal being opened. Amen. And that's the book of redemption to us knowing who we are. Amen. And yeah, and these are you can see the shout, the voice, and the trumpet. They're true. They're not fiction. They are prophecy that are being fulfilled right now. Amen. In you and me. Amen. And the quick and bride, you can see we're waiting with expectation. We are making ourselves ready. Re revelations 19. Amen. We with with this message of the hour, we're so thankful that we it it can clothe us with righteousness. That means that's the the real meaning of justification. We are being made righteous. Amen. That's why it's it's so important to understand justification also because justification after justification we know the stages of grace you need to be sanctified and then baptized with the Holy Ghost once you have all these three stages and then the Holy Ghost himself which is Jesus Christ will dwell in us and then we will have a change in our natural mind thinking that we will be like him. Amen. And uh Romans 6:4 this is uh the verse that we typic most of the time use also for baptism. Romans 6:4 brother therefore we are buried with him by baptism. Amen. Into death. But like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father even so we also should walk in newness of life. So you can see resurrection is not one day, it's a daily walk. Amen. Amen. Amen. Christ was waved. Now the bride is being waved also. We don't need to be spectators. We must be part of this rising. Right. And uh to close, oh before before I called, oh maybe I'll call the musician so that uh when we anoint uh sister Mary with doily uh at least we have some music. I'll just call the musician musicians. Uh so you can see in Jude 1:24-25 bear with me here Jude 1:24-25. Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling and to present you faultless before the present presence of his glory with exceeding joy. You can see we are presented as faultless blameless right spotless that means fully justified. That's why justified brother uh we never did it in the first place because God is seeing the sacrifice. He became sin so that we will become God's righteousness. Brothers and sisters, we're so thankful unto him. And uh if if I will if I will read the quote brother uh this one is uh at least it can increase our faith too in uh in living dying buried rising coming in 1959 April 3rd 590403 living dying buried rising and coming Branam has a a very good uh quote here in 74. Let's start with 74. Bear with me. Sorry, I didn't put that in the in the slide. So, let's read this until and then uh we can call Sister Mary and the elders to to anoint her. All right. God proved by the resurrection that he wasn't frowny. He wasn't fake. That was his son. Amen. Amen. And he raised him up. The spirit, the eternal spirit, Jehovah God, the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised up that dead form in the grave there had been dead for three days and buried and God raised him up on Easter morning to justify. Amen. Then when we come, brother come into God, there's not one thing. He that cometh must come boldly to the throne. Amen. To the throne of grace. You must not come wondering. When you come into the prayer line, you must not come wondering. Well, if this minister will pray for me, perhaps maybe he's got healing power. It's not the minister. Brother, brothers and sisters. Amen. Brother, sister, healing power is in God. Amen. It's in cross in the finished work. Amen. Of Calvary. When you come, come to be justified. Amen. You are justified when you confess your faith that by stripes I was healed. I'm going to make a stand. Amen. We need to make a stand. If we were sick this evening, brothers and sisters, we need to make a stand. We know although it's a Wednesday uh uh it's Wednesday we we we we have here before us sister uh uh sister just raised her hand we Barbaria always mentioned that right it's not because it's Wednesday there's no healing power on Wednesday no if you love God you will come on Wednesdays too if you love your pastor they're saying come on Sundays but if you love the Lord come on Wednesdays right so but uh that's what but we We love the Lord. We love us our pastor too. Amen. I'm going to make a stand. Let's make a stand this evening, brothers and sisters. The doctor says I'm dying. I got tumor. I got TV or whatever it is. But tonight, I stand because I believe that he loved me and died for me and saved me and buried my sins far away. Amen. And God justified us by believing on him when he raised him up from the dead. Amen. He accepted everything that he died for. Thank you, Lord. Amen. He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes, we were healed. Past tense. and he raised him up and wrote the receipt. We we talked about it a while ago. The receipt is the resurrection because he he resurrected. That's why we have that receipt. It's fully paid. We are healed. Amen. That that was God's receipt. When the earth began to quiver and shake and the sun begin to dark or light the earth on that Easter morning, heaven shook, hell shook, paradise shook, the earth shook. Something was taking place. Amen. I can hear the angels in glory screaming, "Hallelujah!" I can hear them in paradise, the old saints of the Old Testament crying out, "Glory to his name." Certainly, something had happened. went up from the grave, he arose. We're We're so triumphant this evening, brothers and sisters, because of that resurrection. It's not an event. It's life. Amen. Oh, maybe we can call sister uh Mary as we pray. And then maybe uh we we will sing the rising justified clear forever, glory and glorious day. Yeah. Later. Yeah. But uh we can we can call the elders and uh anoint [Music] uh sister Mary with oil. Amen. [Music] [Music] goodness. [Music] Amen. Oh Lord Jesus, you're so good to us. Oh Lord Jesus, that we can call you our God, our savior, our healer, our all in all. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, our sister Mary believe Lord and she ca she comes here on the altar Lord boldly declaring your your goodness, your mercy, your grace, your healing touch, oh Lord Jesus being the healer. Oh God, we're so thankful unto you that we can claim that and we have this power Lord to anoint her Lord with oil and oh God she might be having something issues on her on on on her body oh Lord Jesus but Lord by your stripes she was already healed and we thank you Lord we honor her her faith Lord the faith of you in her oh Lord Jesus so so she can be anointed Lord oh God we just pray that you will anoint her oh Lord and uh uh everything that uh she she needed Lord for her life. Oh Lord Jesus, we have that power, Lord, to to to declare it, oh Lord Jesus. And uh we're so thankful to you, oh Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, help us now. Help her, Lord Jesus. And we claim for it, Lord. We believe with her, oh Lord Jesus, that we have the power of your resurrection, Lord. She's already healed. Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] One day heaven was one day in heaven was filled. with his [Music] praise. What they see as black as could be. Jesus came forth [Music] more me carried I see far away. Christified clearly forever. One day is coming. Oh, glorious day. [Music] I think uh let's just sing u uh yeah a fast song. If that same spirit that raised Christ Jesus from the dead that one I think we know it. Amen. [Music] If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. your mortal body that spirit dwell in you shall your [Music] body in that spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you. Well you. It's that [Applause] [Music] sweet spirit dwell in you. It shall be your mortal body in that spirit dwell in you. Justified brother justified. Amen. Let's sing justified brother. I know it's a it's justification by his resurrection. We know that's our topic. uh this evening, brothers, and uh if you are made righteous, you never did it in the first place because he became sin for you. Amen. For you and me. Amen. I was sitting alone and wondering about what I'm supposed to do. I can't deny the times I made mistake. I can't hide from you and you. But I know that deep within my soul I felt sorry as I knew. I can try to say forgive me Lord. Forgive me again. Will you justify? Justify. You have not done it in the first place. [Music] Just you have not got it in the first place. Justify. So often I am discouraged when I count the times I fall. Because he promised I'd be victorious when I know I'm not at all. When I heard the eagle screaming his voice my soul, he said it in the first place. [Applause] Justified. Justified. Justified. You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. Justified. Justified. You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. Just uh just to add something here. Uh brother Brandham used uh Hebrews 138 always, right? Uh Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Right? yesterday when he died and rose for our justification in Romans 4:25 who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. That's yesterday. But what about today? He lives in the bride through the quickening power. Amen. That's in Romans 8:11. The spirit that dwelleth in uh if the spirit that raised Christ Jesus from the dead dwelleth in you, he also dwelleth in us. But how about forever? He's coming. We know he already came spiritually, right? He's coming for a resurrected people who have already experienced the spiritual resurrection. And that's you and me, brothers and sisters. We are so thankful unto him. Amen. The sun has risen. The sen also has risen. It will make us mature. Amen. Be worthy of the rapture. Amen. Oh, God is so good. the original light brother key of G as [Music] we I hope I'm all over the place but I know the scripture is a scripture however it is delivered how whatever the quotes it's about the word itself it's about Jesus Christ himself that's the reason we are Christians we are called Christians because we believe Jesus Christ amen you can see all the attributes of God are being manifested through us without the bride is not made per is not made perfect. That's why he can only claim perfection when he see the perfection in us. We are blessed people brothers and sisters knowing this message you can see the 1200 plus messages we need to eat all those. The Bible we need to eat it. We are proclaimed worthy to take that book the book of redemption. Amen. Although it's not it's only Jesus Christ but then the voice asked John John is a type of you and me to take it take it because you are worthy. The voice declared us worthy because that voice is in is in the bride right now. The voice we are the final voice to this final age. Brothers and sisters we are the resurrection. The resurrection is a person. He's the resurrection and the life and that life is in us right now. Brothers and sisters, God's attributes were manifested through his bride in this last age. We have caught the revelation by the God's prophets message. And we know who we are and what we are railed for. Praise the Lord. The original life and the original life. The original seed. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life, the original [Music] seed. We are the word made flesh today. This is what the scriptures say. And our names are sin within, redeemed and perfect. Amen. We're justified him. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God, the original life. Our eyes of understanding he has open up at last and sweet with victory is ours. who were chained down in the past. True Jubilee has sounded and we have responded to our God original. Amen. Are you called unto adoption? We are called unto adoption authority and power. Amen. sleeping saints will wake and join us for translation in desire. Gentiles they will soon be over. Glory hallelujah to our God. Amen. Original life. Original life. The original life. The original s. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life. The original se. The original life. The original life. You're now dismissed. Original seed. The original [Music] word. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled. The original [Applause] love, the original sea. God bless you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What are you doing? [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] It's [Music] okay. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
