################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - 2025-03-26 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #61 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-26
Title:    2025-03-26 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #61
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n63fNb0iKzw
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - Church Age Study Pt. #61
Wednesday, March 26th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you la? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, are you [Music] Thank [Music] you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. [Music] God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord. Trust you're all having a good week. Good to be here in the house of the Lord on a Wednesday night honoring the Lord Jesus and his requests and his commandments to us to gather together. So much more as we see the day approaching. Here we are tonight each one of you. May God bless you for your efforts. Stand with me if you would as we start our service tonight. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Aren't you glad you can run into it this this evening? Well, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are the name of the [Applause] [Music] Lord. The righteous run into it. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. And we've got the power. In the name of Jesus, we've got the power. In the name of the Lord, though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated for we've got the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be found in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to leave. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. the saint and raes. We cannot be defeated for we've got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan has tried to stop us. But the ride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. Oh, like a mighty army. We keep maring onward winning every battle. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Your Satan raes. We will not be. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. We have come into his house. We've gathered in his name to worship him. Receive our worship, Lord. We have come into his house. We've gathered in his name to worship him. For we have come into his house. We've gathered in his name to worship Christ our Lord. Oh worship him. Oh Jesus Christ our Lord. We sing in a second verse but John Panicker would you come over prayer? Let's forget about ourselves. Let's concentrate on him and worship him. We worship you Lord. Oh let's forget about ourselves. Let's concentrate on him and worship him. Let's forget about ourselves. Let's concentrate on him and worship Christ our Lord. Oh yes, let's worship him. Oh [Music] Jesus. Let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. Aba heavenly father, we come into your holy aas presence. Lord, knowing that you are all sufficient. Lord, we acknowledge that we have done nothing good to merit your grace. Lord, we have nothing good inside us that we can bring to you. Lord, we only look towards that lamb that you have slain for us. Lord, before the foundation of the world, Lord, you paid the price so that we could be here. Lord, I thank you, Jesus. I praise your name, Lord. I worship you, Lord. You have brought us here today, Lord. You have given us journey mercies. You have separated us from the world, Lord. For your name, Lord. I thank you and I praise you, Lord. Lord, we pray to you. We come to you as a congregation. Lord, you have said that where wherever two or three are gathered in my name, you shall be present here, Lord. In your presence, we are coming, Lord. And we know that, you know, our insufficiencies and in our weaknesses, we can touch you, Lord. And we can get our healing, Lord, and our needs, Lord, are all fulfilled from you, Lord. We cannot do anything for ourselves, Lord. We completely depend upon your love and your grace Lord. Today Lord when we come to you we pray to you Lord. You anoint our pastor Lord. You anoint that vessel Lord that you know we hear from our theophanes today Lord. We have come here to be a changed person Lord. We want to be more like you Jesus. We want to be like you Lord. Oh and you are worthy Lord. The lamb who was slain was worthy is worthy Lord. Oh we thank you Jesus. We thank you for the bleeding word that has come today. Lord, that is the atonement for our sins. Lord, we know that the promises that you have given, Lord, they are all true. Lord, you are not a man that you should lie. Lord, you are true. Lord, consecrate our hearts and our ears, Lord, so that we can hear from you, Lord, and be changed. Lord, we give you all glory and all honor, Lord. In the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we ask this prayer. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother John. You may have your seats tonight. See, brother Peter's back. I'm sure his family's thrilled to have him back. And no doubt he's thrilled to be back, but long time to be away, but good to see you tonight, my brother. Hold to God's unchanging hand. What better place to hold on to tonight where time is filled with swift transition not of earth [Music] convey your hopes on things eternal just hold to God's unchanging [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, trust in him we will not leave. Use that wonderful news tonight. Oh, what soever years may break. Oh, if my worthy friends forsake still more closely to him. Oh yes. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand for mercy. Oh, when your journey is [Music] completed, oh to God you have been true and right your holy glory you're in rapture so will you Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold in your hopes on things [Music] eternal and just hold to God's unchanging hand. And what a day that will be when we hold his hand. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face. Oh that one who saves me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand. And he leads me through that promise land. Oh, what a day, and glorious day that will be. Oh, there is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. There'll be no more tears to dim the eyes. all his peace forever more. Oh, on that happy golden shore. Oh, what the day that glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face and what he says me by his grace and he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh what a day that glorious day that will be. Oh, and there be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no more pain, no more partying over them. Forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day. What a glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. Oh, when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon that face, oh that one who saved me by his grace and he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day. Glorious day that will be. When we're there, we will fall down. We'll lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love and the feet of Jesus. Can you imagine us all calling out? And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy." And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy is the lamb and we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy." And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry, holy, holy, holy is the lamb. It's going to be a great day, isn't it? Blessed be his name tonight. Stand with me if you would as we call our pastor tonight. And by his grace I am [Music] redeemed. By his blood I am made clean. Thank you Lord for that. Oh and I now can know him face to face. No more the glass darkling. Oh, by his power I [Music] have all in Christ. I will praise the glory of his grace. Oh, and by his grace I am free. And by his blood I am made. And I now can know him face to face. When my highest power I have been praised, oh in Christ I will praise the glory of his. Oh Lord, you're beautiful and your face is all I see. Oh, for me your eyes are all shine. For your grace abounds in me now prayerfully tonight. Oh, and Lord, please light the fire that bright revival in the heart of his children. Oh, that once burn bright and clear. [Music] Oh, renew the lamb of my first love that burns with holy fear. That first verse again. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Oh Lord, you're so beautiful. I believe he loves to hear that from us tonight. Oh, and [Music] you bless my brother. I see. [Music] When your eyes are on this child, your grace [Music] abounds in me. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Certainly happy to be back after a tremendous Sunday. If you have a need this evening, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. Just have one request. We want to pray for the Ahen family who will be burying uh brother Ben and brother Corey Ahen I believe tomorrow. Heavenly Father, tonight Lord, we know that we do not seek a continuing city here. Father, we know that this world has to come to an end. That this world is a negative, Lord. That there is a positive somewhere. And Father, our desire, our desire, Lord, is to see that positive. Lord, many times we have so many burdens and problems and issues in this life and Lord, it almost seems like it's more than we can bear. But we know that your word says that you will never give us more than we can bear. And Father, we just want to pray for the Henue family tonight. Just want to unite together and stand with them. Father, we know that when you take people from this side over to eternity, Lord, that there's a hole and that hole can never be filled here, not with anything. And Father, we just pray for the family that you'll give them strength, Lord. That you'll give them encouragement, Father. That you will bind up the brokenhearted, Lord. that you'll help them, Lord, as they watch for another day to come to pass. Father, we pray tonight for each and every need that was made known unto you by the way of an uplift hand. Father, we know that you're more than able to meet the needs, Lord. And Father, we just commit them into your hands. And Father, if it be your will, we will be careful to bring you a praise offering, Lord. We will bring a testimony of what you've done for us tonight. Father, we pray that you would be with those who couldn't be here tonight, wherever they are, whatever they're doing. We just ask that you would bless them abundantly. Father, now as we turn to the the next order of the service, the highest order of the service. Lord, help us all to get out of the way and to yield to you, the speaker and the hearer alike. Father, we just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. Thank you musicians. If you have your Bibles, I would like to read from the book of Revelation. And I'd like to read from Revelation chapter 1. As we bring the exposition of the seven church ages almost to a close, I uh I just thought it would be appropriate because we're not actually in a church age. We're reading the resume of the ages and it's a summary of them all. Let's read Revelations 1 verse one. the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John, who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein, for the time is at hand. John to the seven churches which are in Asia. Grace be unto you and peace from him which is and which was and which is to come and from the seven spirits which are before his throne. And from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins. in his own blood, and hath made us kings and priests. Unto God and his Father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that we can read this scripture by revelation, Lord, knowing that you have given us the ability to comprehend it, Father. Not by our own valition, Lord, but by a prophet, by a prophetic utterance, by your avenue that you chose. We just accept it the way that you've given it, Lord. And we pray that you would just break it open to us fresh once again tonight, Lord. We just commit all the words that are spoken into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. It's a wonderful thing to be back in service. We had a wonderful time on Sunday. Just a beautiful thing to wash one another's feet and to partake of the communion table. Just want to continue on with our study in the uh resume of the ages. I'm going to go back a couple paragraphs. I just want to pick up where we left off last time and uh we'll just see what will happen. We might finish tonight, we might not. We'll just see what the Lord wants to do here. And uh you know, Brother Bradom, he's talking about politics entering into the church. And I think it's just amazing because if you step back and look at it and we can see it happening in the resume of the ages, that was the one thing that brought down each and every church age was politics creeping into the church. And that is the leadership of man over man. And I just think it's amazing because I have such a a view of it now in the church looking at it through the lens of the church ages. That is the antichrist spirit that creeps into the framework of the Christian church and causes it to become lukewarm, formal and powerless. The ideas of man intermingling with the word of God and becoming a hybrid religion. And that is the downfall of every single church age. But here we have brother Brham um in the resume of the ages. He says because human government is politics pure and simple, the church became involved in politics. Human government caused the church to become involved in politics. This involvement was welcome welcomed by a dictator emperor who joined church politics with state politics and by force established the false church, Satan's false religion as the true religion. And now we know he's talking about this from a historical perspective. There was an emperor. There was a blending of church and state and it became Satan's false religion and he was able to crush the people. He says this is Satan's false religion and it became as the true religion. And though various edicts by various emperors, we find the false church with state power destroying the true vine even more avidly. Sad to say the true vine was not exactly immune to this doctrine. By that I do not mean that the true vine ever did establish the nicicoatan ideas as a doctrine. Far from it. But that little worm of death kept sucking at the true vine, hoping that it might fall. Even within the true church, men whom God had called as overseers were holding that title to mean a little more than just a local responsibility. It was not the clear understanding of Paul that existed in the church at this time. For Paul had said, "And they glorified God in me." In Galatians 1:24, no matter what authority Paul had, he kept the people looking to God from whom is all authority. And I personally think that is the critical factor. We point to Jesus Christ through the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Excuse me. But the clergy was always looking to divine leadership plus human and it is capitalized there plus human. And thus in giving honor where honor was not due, we find that the true church was spotted with humanism. Now he's not talking about the false church being spotted with humanism. The true church spotted with humanism. With nickelatanism established, apostolic succession placed ministers, pastors voted in, etc. It was only one step for the false church to proceed to balamism. Now, I I had thought about getting into that tonight. I don't I don't know. Maybe Numbers chapter 22, the story of Balum. It's pretty powerful when you look at it. Balumism, the second step to the depth of Satan was now in full progress. And how was it? It was it was human. It was the word plus humanism. And you know, one little bit of humanism mixing with that word is balamism. It's not necessarily a dump truck full of humanism with it. It's just a little tiny bit. We know that was the same thing that happened in the Garden of Eden. The second step was the doctrine of Balum described in Revelations 2:14 where Balam taught Bale to stumble the children of Israel by a united meeting. There the guests would do two more things contrary to the word of God. You will recall that Bailac needed help to keep his kingdom. And you know, when I was looking at this, he was afraid. He didn't just think, you know, I I could use a little assistance here. It's getting a little heavy. We need some extra lifting. Maybe, you know, many hands make for light work. It wasn't that at all. He was afraid. Moab was very afraid of what was actually taking place. He saw the children of Israel and the power of God behind them coming out. And we know where where the Moabites came from, don't we? The Moabites came from a a bad relationship, not the right way. And uh anyways, we're not going to get into all of that, but he was afraid. Moab was afraid. And it was the king of of the Moabites that was actually afraid. But here we have this whole entire idea being built up through this guy Bailac. He taught Balam to stumble the children of Israel by a united meeting. There the guest would do two more things. Contrary to the word of God, you recall that Bailac needed help to keep his kingdom. He called on the most dominant spiritual figure of the day. Balam. Balam gave the advice that trapped and destroyed Israel. It was first of all to suggest that they all get together and talk things over and eat together and get things ironed out. My you know that that happens today. I just have to say it. I'm going to say it straight. That happens exactly today. After all, understanding each other goes a long way. Once you accomplish that, you can go from there. The next step would be worshiping together. And of course, a little pressure from the host usually makes the guest go a lot further than they intended. Now, that didn't only happen back there to God's church of the Old Testament, but it happened to the church of the New Testament. For there was an emperor who, like Baleo, needed help to secure his kingdom. So, Constantine invited the nominal Christian, first Christian church of Rome to help him get the Christians behind him as they were a very large body. The outcome was the Nyine Council of 3:25. There the Christians, both true and nominal, came together at the invitation of Constantine. The true Christians had no business even going up to the meeting. My in spite of all Constantine could do to unite them all, the real believers knew they were out of place and left. But to those who remained, Constantine gave of the state's treasury along with political and physical force. And we know he goes on to say that at that point he owned them. Right? The people were introduced to idol worship and spiritualism for statues and names of saints were placed in the buildings and the people were taught to commune with the dead or pray to saints which is nothing more nothing less than spiritualism. For the food that man truly needs, even the word of God, they were given creeds and dogmas and rituals, which were also enforced by the state. And above all, they were given three gods with a triple compound name of the one true God. and water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ gave way to the pagan baptism of three titles. Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Now, I just want to say I I I had a hard time with this when I first started coming around. I really didn't comprehend it. I didn't understand it. And and I think everyone here does, but perhaps there's maybe someone that doesn't maybe just see it crystal clear. But you know, you can look at pretty much any denominational church website now and look at the about us or what we believe and you will see that they believe this very thing. I thought for a while that it was just Roman churches, Roman Catholic churches, maybe just Catholic churches because there's different Catholic churches than Roman Catholic churches. And I I just love how the prophet said it. You know, if if God's going to judge the world by anything, what's he going to judge it by? Is it going to be the Catholic Church? Which one? Is it going to be the Pentecostals? Which one? The Baptist? How many are there? The pro all the different denominations. But he's not going to judge the church by any church. He's going to judge the church. And isn't it beautiful how brother Brandham brought it out, the Holy Ghost through him, we were reading it last week, that the people even who claim to call themselves Christians but don't live according to the word, they're still going to be judged according to the same measure because of what they call themselves. That's pretty heavy. That's pretty strong. But if they're willing to call themselves that, then they're going to put themselves in that category. He's going to say, "You called yourself that. Why didn't you obey it?" If he's going to judge the world by anything, he's going to judge it by his word only by his word because he esteems his word greater even than his name, even than the blood, anything else. It's his word. It's amazing to think about this. But here we have the Nyian council and that's where Constantine brought them together and they had the balum bailac experience and and caused them to change everything. They came together. They said everything is fine. And we know that's the sin that God said, "Hey, I I'm I'll never forgive Israel for that. That won't actually go away ever. You will have that now forever." But, uh, here we are as the nominal Christians decided to go forwards with this. But I love how he says here, the true Christians actually saw it was going on. They got up and left. They didn't even stick around. The real believers ought not to have gone there. They had already lost much truth. And now they too would lose the understanding of Godhead and forfeit names for titles in water baptism. Now watch this doctrine of Balum most carefully. Notice above all that it is the deliberate maneuver of a corrupt clergy to bind the people to them by leading the people deliberately into their the sin of unbelief. The nickelatan doctrine was the corruption of the clergy as they sought political power amongst themselves. While balumism is the subjection of the people to their system of creed and worship in order to hold them. If you don't do it the way that we do it here, then maybe there's something wrong. the nickelatan doctrine to to cause people to be afraid to say that you know what unless you actually are worshiping under my ministry I've got the edge God gave me a tremendous revelation binding people to them by fear we see it even in and around this message of the hour but it's beautiful because we know that God said through his prophet you will never denominate this message there's no way that you could because it's Christ many times people will say I'm in the message. I'm in the message and we have to say it this way. Is the message in you because being in the message does nothing except for cause a bunch of legalistic people. But when you actually get in around this message of the hour and you realize that there is a true baptism of the Holy Ghost, then you get Christ inside of you because you get baptized not in titles in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, which is the correct formula for water baptism. So, if you get baptized outside of the correct formula for water baptism, how could you truly receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost? If if it's contrary to the word of God, how could that ever happen? I I don't think it's possible myself. I'm going to read this paragraph again. Now, watch this doctrine of BA most carefully. Notice above all that it is the deliberate maneuver of a corrupt clergy to bind the people to them by leading the people deliberately into the sin of unbelief. The nicicoatan doctrine was to corrupt the corruption of the clergy as they sought political power amongst themselves. While balamism is the subjection of the people to their system of creed and worship in order to hold them. You don't have one without the other. That's what the prophet said in this book. Now watch this carefully. What was it that bound the people to the nominal church and thereby destroyed them? It was the creeds and dogmas formed into church tenants. It was the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. Now, going back to what I said earlier, if you look at churches, and I I I'm not saying it to be critical. What I'm saying is to be aware, understand this isn't something that's just made up. This is very real. If you look at denominational churches, they'll be non-denominational. And if you look at what they believe, they'll have the Apostles Creed in there. Amen. Why is that there? Where did that come from? You could do a little research, but what it does is it ties it right back to the Holy Roman Catholic Church. It was the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. They were not given the true food, the word. They were given the food that came from idol worship. It's it's really strong and and and really hard to be talking like this because people would say, "Well, they're talking about Jesus Christ." And sure enough, they are. They say his name, don't they? And they talk about the blood of Jesus Christ. And sure enough, they do. But they also talk about Mary, the mother, and esteem her to be greater than Jesus. And and we know there's a whole bunch that goes along with it. But I just love the correction here. They were given the food that came from idol worship. You can't worship Mary and think that you're going to see results. It's not going to happen. Babylonian paganism wrapped up in Christian terminology. And that very same spirit and doctrine is right amongst all Protestants. And it's called denomination. That's why I say even if they say they're non-denominational churches, I I I don't know. I've looked. I I've I scratch my head at this and think, am I making this up? Am I crazy? But it's there. Revelations 18:4, "Come out of her, my people, lest you be partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues." Nicoleism is organizing humanizing the leadership of the church and thereby deposing the spirit. Remember, as soon as you start to get the leadership of man in a church, the Holy Ghost takes his flight. You no longer have the Holy Ghost leadership of the church when government starts to form and run the church. You see, they are ignorant. But this is where this is where, like we just said, you know, the denominations, the people who claim Christianity but aren't interested at all in hearing that God sent a prophet, they don't give two hoots if you say to them was a prophetic utterance in in the generation in which we live. They're not at all interested to hear anything that he had to say. They're going to be held by the same measure by calling themselves Christians. And I think it's so important to actually call it out. He says here, you see, they are ignorant. But if the rapture should take place at this moment, ignorance would be no court of appeal from the judgment of God for being in the wrong ranks. For the clergy to organize themselves with one rank over another until they are finally headed up by a president is a manifestation of the Antichrist spirit, regardless of how wonderful and necessary it may seem. This is really hard because churches function exactly this way. It's nothing but human reasoning taking the place of the word. And any person who is in the organized denominations is right in the midst of an antichrist system. Now let me say this and make it very plain. I love how he does this. Capital letters. Capital letters. I am not against the people. I am. Do you see a a signature in that sentence? I am against the system. With the state and church union, the stage has been set for the dark ages. And indeed for about a thousand years the church went into the depth of blackness knowing the depths of Satan. When any religious people embrace both nickelatanism and balamism they have the political, financial and physical power to back it up there. So so there there is only one direction they can go. That direction is right into the Jezebel doctrine. Now, why do we say this? Because, excuse me, as we pointed out in the study of the fourth age, Jezebel was a Sidonian, the daughter of Ethbel, who was the king priest to Estarte. He was a murderer. This woman married Ahab, king of Israel, for political expediency. She then took over the religion of the people, murdered the Levites, and erected temples wherein she caused the people to worship Estarte, Venus, and Baal, the sun god. She formulated the teaching and made her priests teach it. and they in turn made the people accept it. There you can see exactly what the nominal church was in the dark ages. And is it any wonder that Paul, the first church age messenger, would come around and he would set the church in order as he was supposed to do, set the foundation, set the pattern for all the future church ages. And and he would say one thing that's really caused a stir in the world today. I mean, it's hotly contested because everyone's doing it, so it must be okay, right? And that is that a woman should usurp authority over a man. Paul setting the example for all the future church ages said that a woman ought not to usurp authority over a man, that she should set in silence in the church. Meaning, you shouldn't have women preachers. But yet here you have the Jezebel religion is to have the woman behind the man running everything. That is the Jezebel religion. They left the word of God entirely except for names and titles of Godhead and a few scriptural principles. They twisted what they did take out of the Bible by changing its meaning. It's okay for a woman to preach. What's wrong with it? And it goes even further to I mean say the LGBTQ could get in behind the pulpit and even have females that are in that that rank that category. Like I mean take some things out of the Bible and just make them suit you and and fit you. And hey, if everyone agrees to it, then it's got to be okay because everyone's doing it right. They twisted what they did take out of the Bible by changing its meaning. The college of bishops wrote vast treaties said it's okay for women to preach. It's okay. Their popes declared themselves infallible and said they received revelation from God and spoke as God to the people. All this was taught to the priests who through fear made the people believe it. To dissent was death or excommunication which might be worse than death. It was now the church with the assured voice that took over. And wild with power, they drank the blood of martyrs until the true Christians were all but exterminated. And there was hardly any word left and little manifestation of the Holy Ghost. But the true vine struggled and survived. God was faithful to the little flock. And in spite of what Rome might do to their bodies, Rome could not kill the spirit within them. And the light of the truth shone on, backed by the Holy Ghost and power. Remember, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. This is a good place to make an illuminating observation. Look, the deeds and doctrines of the nickelatans, the doctrine of Balum, and the teaching of the false prophetess Jezebel do not constitute three spirits or make three spiritual principles. These three are but the various manifestations of the same spirit as it goes from depth to depth. And isn't it beautiful how he clarifies that it's the same as the horse riders in the book of Revelation. The white horse, the red horse, the black horse, the pale horse, they're all the same spirit. And it is not Jesus Christ. What it all is is the antichrist spirit of organization in its three various stages. My once the clergy separated themselves and organized themselves, they oppressed the people by leading them into and binding them to organization. Also, this organization was based upon the creeds and dogma which they taught the people instead of the pure word of God. Ritual and ceremony was given an increasing part in worship. And soon this whole system was a militant and diabolical power that did its best to control all through the persuasion of discourse or literal force. It received its energy from its own false prophecies and not the word of God. It was now absolutely Antichrist, though it came in Christ's name. So close that it would deceive the elected if it were possible. After what seemed an inminable time wherein truth must surely die, men began to protest the vileeness of the Roman Catholic Church. Because by no stretch of the imagination could God be in such teaching and such conduct. These Protestants were either disregarded and died from failure to arouse attention or were quashed by Rome. But then God in his sovereign grace sent a messenger by the name of Martin Luther to start a reformation. He worked in a climate where the Roman Catholic Church had been given so much rope that she was about to hang herself. So when Luther preached justification by faith, the true vine for the first time in many centuries began to grow in a bountiful manner. I was thinking about that, you know, what would it have been like to be around in those days with Martin Luther and and the the reformation of the church to hear about him coming against the elders of the church by by putting his thesis on the door and and making his own stand, making the declaration that, you know, the the the true believers, they're able to live by faith. justification by faith, not because of a priest or a an archbishop. What would it have been like to be around in that day? As the nominal church had used state power to back it up, now state power began to flow against it. And this is where Luther made his mistake. And the true believers made their mistake. They allowed the state to subsidize them. Amen. A little bit of money goes a long ways with people, but not with the spirit of God. They allowed the state to subsidize them. So this age did not launch out very far on the word. Thank God that it did not go as far as it did that it did go as far as it did, sorry. But because it leaned on political power to a great extent, this age ended in organization. And this very group that in Luther's generation had broken from the false vine now turned back to become a daughter of the harlot. For she went right into nicicoatinism and balamism. I think this is a theme that we're probably going to wind up looking at. Nicicoatanism and balamism. It is a powerful thing and it's what caused the church ages to go ary. He goes on to say this era had scores of factions within it and to prove how far they were from true seed is to merely read history and see how they persecuted each other even unto death in some cases. But there were a few names amongst them. Amen. Even as there always are in every age, we rejoice in this age for this one thing. Reformation had started. It was not a resurrection, but a reformation. Neither was it a restoration. But the corn of wheat that had died at at Nya and had rotted in the dark ages now sent up a chute of truth signifying that at some future date. I love this. At the end of the Leodysian age, just before Jesus came, the church would go back to being a wheat seed bride again, while the tears would be harvested and burned in the lake of fire. Since the fifth age had brought a great dissemination of the word through printing, the sixth age was quick to take advantage of it. This age was the second stage of the restoration and as we have stated previously was the tassel age. Education abounded. This was the age of the intellectual men who loved God and served him. Missionaries abounded and the word spread over the world. It was an age of brotherly love. It was an age of the open door. It was the last age of long duration and after it the Leodysian age would come which would be a short one. The true vine flourished in this age as in no other when one thinks of numbers at home and abroad. This age brought holy men to the forefront. The true vine spread and the false vine receded. Everywhere the true vine went, God gave light and life and happiness. The false vine was shown up for what it was. Darkness, misery, poverty, illiteracy, and death. And as the false vine in its day of power could not kill the true vine, neither could the true vine now bring back the false vine to Jesus Christ. But the false vine entrenched itself waiting for the last part of the last age when it would win back win all back to itself except that small flock that were the elect true vine of God. But how sad does this age make us feel as we realize that every great move of God and there were many neglected to throw off the nickelan doctrine for they all organized and died. Then they moved into denominations to hold the spiritually dead in foodless pastures. Little did they know it, but each group was tainted with that same error. And when the revival fire burned low, organization took over and people became denominations. Brothers and sisters, tonight I want to say this. If that revival fire is burning low tonight, ask the Lord for a revival. Brother Brandham says it in the message. I don't know where one of them that I was listening to. Revival doesn't mean something new. Revival means to stir up that which we already have. It's in 1964. I know the message in 1964. But brother Bradam talks about being on one of the great lakes and he had an experience where while he was there he was watching the waves come up and the wind blowing the waves and he said he just couldn't get over all the trash that was up on the shore and he said it occurred to him what has to happen is there needs to be a stirring up and what happens is all the trash comes out of the water when the wind blows the water when the water gets stirred up once in a while I think brothers and sisters maybe we need to get a little stirred maybe we need to revive what's already here what we already have not look for something new or great. We have the best and that is the word of God. I shouldn't get preaching. I lose where I'm at. Boy, oh boy. But how sad does this age make us feel when we realize that every great move of God and there were many neglected to throw off the nickelan doctrine for they all organized and died. They moved into denominations to hold the spiritually dead and foodless pastures. Little did they know it but each group was tainted with that same error. And when the revival fire burned low, organization took over and people became denominations. They were only nominal Christians, though each group claimed with the very same assurance as the Roman Catholic Church that they were right and all others wrong. I've noticed it even in looking at different churches, and I'm not saying this to throw off. I'm saying it to actually say amen to what's be written here, what we're reading about. And some of the uh some of the the apostles creeds that you see on the church's websites of what they believe, they actually edit it just a little bit to say it their way. But why do they still have it there? Why is it there? It's to link them back to Rome. It takes them right back to Rome, whether they want to acknowledge that or not. And what happens is they wind up saying, and I think it's important, too, brothers and sisters, we can get there ourselves. We can get to the place where we say that we are right. All else is wrong. You know what? There's a lot of people in this world that are going to be in heaven. The prophet of God himself said that we're going to be surprised that day about who is there and who isn't there. It's not up to us to put people in or out. We need to actually try and encourage as many people as we can. But, you know, there's people that aren't going to go on the rapture, but that don't mean they're lost. That's right. And we want to do all we can to encourage people to Jesus Christ. If they can't be elect and go in the rapture, don't we want to see them get eternal life? Give them an opportunity to do something good for the bride of Jesus Christ. If we're not careful, we could have that same spirit in and around us say, "Look at me. I'm good. Look what I've done." I say, "God, help us. We want to encourage as many people as we can. It can come to the place where they believe that they were right and all others wrong. The stage was truly set for the daughters to go back home in the last age, back to Rome under the mother hen. And you know, people can say, I just can't help it, brothers and sisters. People can say that they're actually, you know, they don't believe in the Roman Catholic Church and they don't believe in the doctrine and uh whatever and whatnot, but if they're still fellowshipping with the church that already does, they fall under that ministry, the word of God says to come out from among her, my people, and be ye not partakers of her plagues. And and that's what's happening when you have you have the the great harlot and you have all the daughters. I think maybe we need to get into the book of Revelation a little further. It's uh it's amazing to see it, to be able to see it is just so humbling, isn't it? To recognize that it's all grace. It's because God called us. He's given us ears to hear and a heart to receive it. He's given us a seed of election in our hearts before the foundation of the world to be able to say amen to this word. Without that, there's no way that we would ever be able to do it. We would either be a makebeliever or an unbeliever. We'd be one of those two. But to be able to be a real believer, that is amazing. It's truly humbling. Goes on to say, "And so we come to the last age, the Leodysian age. That is our age. We know it is the last age for the Jews are back in Palestine. No matter how they got there, they're there. And this is harvest time. But before there can be a harvest, there has to be a ripening, a maturing of both vines. I just love what he says here. We've got the time. So, we're going to we're going to read it. The Leodysian age was the springtime. The Wesian age was a summer of growth. The Leodysian age is the harvest time of gathering of the tears for binding and burning and garnering the wheat for the Lord. Harvest time. Have you noticed that in the harvest time though there is a real acceleration in the ripening there's consequencely consequently a slowing of growth until there is no growth. Is that not exactly what we are seeing now? The false vine is losing multitudes to the communists and various other types of belief. I'm not going to go political, but if you just look around, you can see that statement is 100% true. 100% true. There's political parties. They don't call themselves communists, but they have the same belief structure as the communist parties. Communism. Everyone should just be looked after. Not capitalism, but communism. And I'm not voting one way or the other. I'm just saying what the prophet said here in 1965 is very prevalent today. It is amazing. Boy, the false vine is losing multitudes to the communists and various other types of belief. Her numbers are not increasing as she would like to think. Her hold on the people is not what it used to be. And in so many cases is going is going to church is just a show, just something to do. We want to make sure that we go to church, right? And the true vine, what about her? Is she growing? Where are those vast numbers that keep coming to revivals and answer altar calls? Are not most of them merely emotional in their approach or desirous of something physical rather than desiring that which is spiritual? Is this age not like the day in which Noah entered the ark and the door was shut? But yet God terried in judgment seven days. No one was literally turned to God in those silent days. You know, I think we talked a little bit about it on Sunday and you know, if they were, would they have been able to get on the ark or would it have been too late? It's amazing to think about how God does things. But we know that he shut the door and what he shuts, no man is going to open. That's what the word says. My my my. And yet it is the harvest time. Then there must come upon the scene in this age those who will bring the wheat and tears to maturity. The tears are already maturing very fast under corrupt teachers who turn the people from the word. Remember, one word off is turning from the word. But the wheat also must mature. Amen. And to her God is sending the prophet messenger with the vindicated ministry that he might be accepted by the elect. They will hear him as the first church heard Paul. And she will mature in the word until becoming a word bride. The mighty works will be found in her that are always attendant upon the pure word and faith. The false church groups will come together in a world council of churches. This world council of churches is the image erected to the beast. Revelations 13 11 to18. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth and he had two horns like a lamb and spake as a dragon. I just have to say this. Revelations 13 is the United States of America. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, and had two horns like a lamb, and spake as a dragon. And he exercisth all the power of the first beast before him, and caus the earth, and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed, Rome. and he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. Many times, I always thought my entire life that one day we would see this mighty man raise his hand to heaven as the antichrist spirit and call fire down from heaven. But you know what the prophet, the vindicated prophet in our day said? This was fulfilled. Amen. with Hiroshima and Nagasaki. This mystery is history. Don't look for some man. It's already happened. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast. Since that happened, who has dared to poke the United States of America? No government anywhere around the world has come against the USA. Not one. There's a lot of bantering and saber rattling is what they call, but nobody has dared actually launch an attack. And we know that day is coming. I'm not saying it won't happen, but I think it's interesting in light of this scripture. He deceived everyone that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by the sword, and did live. Rome and he had the power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. Remember this is the World Council of Churches. And he caus all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads. And you know, many times people have said the mark of the beast, we're looking for it. It's coming. And maybe it's going to be RFIDs and who knows what it will be. Maybe it'll be a tattoo. Could be anything. Some people say a vaccine. Some people say some sort of a virus. All these different things and theories and conspiracies floating around. There's never been a time of so much information and disinformation in the world as where we are are today as far as we can tell. We know that there was greater civilizations on Earth prior to us being here. But here we have this idea about the mark of the beast coming on the scene. And one day truly it will be a physical mark of the beast. But we had a vindicated prophet. Once again, there's so much packed into this scripture here. He said the mark of the beast is a spiritual mark. Don't look for a physical mark. If we're the truly elected bride of Jesus Christ, we will not be here when that true physical mark happens on the earth. When that level of squeeze comes upon all of the peoples in every single nation, the mark on the back of the hand is the action. In the right hand is the hand of power. The mark in the forehead is the thoughts that actually control the hand to do the the deed whatever it is to cause the action to happen. We know the brain controls everything. That is the mark of the beast. The spiritual mark of the beast to continually have evil thoughts in the mind and then act upon them with the hands. That is what we're talking about in the day in which we live. Even though one day there will be a a physical mark. Brothers and sisters, I just want to say it. Don't look for something else. The prophet said these words. This is actually what he said. I'm not making this up here. And no man might buy or sell save he that have the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast. For it is a the number of a man and his number is 63 score and six. And it's interesting for those people that don't know it. I I just want to say it. There is a rock and roll band that actually says this exact scripture at the very beginning of one of the songs. And uh I'll just say the title of the song, and I'm not trying to promote it, but what I am saying is there's people in this world that are very aware of it. And the name of the song is Run to the Hills. Don't don't don't stick around because there's going to be there's going to be a judgment that strikes this earth and even the sinners know it. Which kind of surprises me, but here we are. He says, "Now remember it was Imperial Pagan in Rome that fell by the sword, but she was healed of her death stroke when she joined to the nominal Christian church of Rome and incorporated paganism and Christianity and created a hybrid religion and thereby became the Holy Roman Empire which was to endure until Jesus came and destroyed her. But Rome is not going it alone. Her daughters are right with her and she will take over absolute authority by the World Council of Churches. And remember talking about this World Council of Churches, we we we talked about it in the past. There was actually uh what was his name? Tony Palmer. Anthony Palmer went to the United States of America on behalf of Rome on behalf of his pope and he was a a cardinal I believe or a bishop and and he said the protest of Luther is over. So if that's over, if we have already signed the the proclamation, then what's your protest? We're all together now. And whether they actually agree upon it or not, it's too late. It's already happened. And this is years ago. This is 15 years ago, I think. So, where do we stand tonight? My, this may seem far-fetched to some, but actually it's very plain for all to see because right now the churches are controlling politics and at the opportune time will manifest exactly how great is that control. This ecumenical move will end up with Rome at the head. Even though the people did not envision it that way. Isn't that amazing? This is so because in Revelation 17 3-6 it states that the mystery Babylon is seated on the beast. She's controlling the last or fourth empire. This Roman church is doing that with the world church system under her. Rome will be controlling and this image church system will be obedient to Rome because Rome controls the gold of the world. Thus all the people have to belong to the world church system or be at the mercy of the elements for they cannot buy or sell without the mark of the beast in the hand or the head. This mark in the head means that they will have to take the doctrine of the world church system which is trinitarianism etc. and the mark in the hand which means to do the will of the world church. My it's later than we think. Amen. With this great power, the church systems will persecute the true bride. This image will try to keep the bride from preaching and teaching etc. Her ministers will be forbidden to give comfort and truth to the people who need it. But before the antichrist in person takes over this complete world system of churches, the true church will be taken away from this world to be with the Lord. God will catch away his bride for the great marriage supper of the lamb. Amen. Now as this concluding chapter is given in order to trace the two churches and two spirits from Pentecost to their consummation. We will take this final time to show this in the Leodysian age. This age started just after the turn of the 20th century as it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost. We know there must be of necessity a return of dynamic power. The believers sensed this in their spirits and began crying to God for a new outpouring such as was in the first century. What seemed to be the answer came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. It was then believed that this was indeed the longawwaited restoration. My truly was believed. I grew up believing that it was not for the latter rain can come only after the former rain which is in the spring or teaching rain. The latter rain then is the harvest rain. How could this be the real thing when the teaching rain had not come? The prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach the people and turn the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers had not yet come. We know that Isuza happened before brother Brandham came on the scene in his ministry. And uh that's just the way it is. That's exactly what he's talking about here. But I think it's beautiful because brother Brandham he says it in I think adoption. Is it adoption? He says that preaching saves the sinner, but teaching positionally places them. And he had to come and positionally place the children back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. That had to happen. And that's what he's talking about here. Thus, what was thought to be the restoration and the final quickening unto the rapture had not come. And it's so sad to think that so many people have been misunderstanding, misconstring, making the rapture to have a time stamp on it and say that it's going to happen a certain way just like 1977. The prophet said, "I can't see past 1977. I can't see the world going on past 1977." What if it was just him saying that in in my mind's eye, in my heart's eye, in in my visionary abilities, I just cannot see this world going on beyond 1977. We know I'm preaching to the choir here. He simply said, I predict, not thus sayaith the Lord. How many people went off the rails with that 1977 doctrine thinking that it was actually the restoration and the final quickening unto the rapture, but it wasn't. He goes on to say, "In it was a mixture of the unrighteous partaking of spiritual blessing and manifesting in the Holy Ghost as we have kept pointing out to you." In it also was devil power as men were under the control of devils. Yet no one seemed to realize it. Then to prove that it was not the real these people even before a second gen generation had appeared, organized and wrote their unscriptural doctrines and built their own fences as every other group ahead of them did. And that's happened right in the message. Right in and around the message. Remember while Jesus was upon the earth so was Judas. Each came from a different spirit and upon death each went to his own place. The spirit of Christ later came back upon the true church and the spirit of Judas came back upon the false church. It is right there in Revelations 6:es 1 to8. And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of thunder, and one of the four beasts, saying, "Come and see." And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering, and to conquer, but he never had any arrows. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, "Come and see." And there went on another horse that was read, and power was given to him, that he sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. And we know that millions and millions of people lost their lives. That's why it was a red horse. And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, "Come and see." And I beheld, and lo, a black horse. And he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, "A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny, and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine." And we know that that's where people started to pay the church to live, pay the church to survive, pay the church to get life seemingly not understanding that they're actually getting death through the church. But that last sentence in that scripture is really significant. But see thou hurt not the Holy Ghost and the stimulation of the revelation that comes along with that. You can touch everyone else. Go ahead and mess with the false church, but you cannot touch the elect. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard a voice of the fourth beast say, "Come and see." And I looked, and behold, a pale horse, and the name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him, and power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth to kill with the sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. And you know, the vindicated prophet in our day, he said, the reason that horse was a pale horse, it wasn't any color. It was a combination of the white and the red and the black. All of them manifesting all of their nasty works because it's the same spirit in different forms now completely together in one horse in one anointing. He says, "See how that Judas spirit came back as a rider on a white horse. It was white. so close to the real just as Judas was so close to Jesus. A crown was given to him, white horse rider. How that spirit was now in the leader of the nickelan system and he was a triple crown pope who sat as god in his temple calling himself the vicer of Christ. If vicor of Christ means uh sorry if vicor of Christ means instead of Christ or in place of or on behalf of God then the pope was calling himself the Holy Ghost or deposing the Holy Ghost acting for him. That's pretty powerful. That was the Judas spirit in him doing that. See how he conquered going forth conquering and to conquer. Christ did not do that. The only ones that came to him were already predestinated by the father. And so on. I'll call the musicians. And so on and on went the spirit. And one day it will become truly incarnate in a man who will head up the world council of churches just as we have been saying. And by his gold remember that Judas held the bag. He will control the whole world and that antichrist system will own everything my and try to control everybody. But Jesus will come back and destroy them all with the brightness of his coming and their end will be the lake of fire. But what about the true seed? It will happen just as we have said. The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger to this age. In her will be the fullness of Pentecost. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. That is thus saith the Lord. It is thus saith the Lord. For that is what Joel 2:23-26 says. And we'll pick that up next week, Lord willing. If you'll stand with me, can we sing that song? Because He lives. Because He lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. He land for you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] to my [Music] party and empty grave is there to prove. My savior lives. [Music] [Applause] Because he I can face to because he lives. All fear is gone. Cuz I [Music] know he holds my [Music] future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And then one day I'll cross that river. I'll fight life's fire. No with pain is for that character. [Music] The light of glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I can face [Music] you because he all fear is gone. [Music] Because I [Music] know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for another opportunity to gather together in your name. Thank you for your word, Lord, the anointed word for the age in which we live. Father, we're so thankful for the final words we read tonight where you said that there's coming a time where that bride will return to the the wheat bride, the manifestation of your very life all the way back to the original seed. And we know that you said through your prophet that is thus sayaeth the Lord. And we know that's the age in which we live, Father. We don't want to make it any more or any less. We just want to say amen to the word that you've given us, Lord. We can't explain it. We can't even understand it, but we believe it, Father. We accept it the way that you've given it. We are truly impressed with the word that you have given to us, Father, in the day in which we live. Lord, we pray that you would just go with each one of us as we go our separate ways tonight. Father, watch over the families with children. Be with those who are ill tonight, Lord. those who are working tonight, those maybe who are indifferent and just not here, wherever they are, Father, we pray that you would just be with them, that you would strengthen them and encourage them and just give them a spring in their step and a song in their heart, Father. And Lord, if it be your will for us to gather again on Sunday, we will bring our sacrifice of praise unto you once again. We love you, Lord, and we thank you. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. What a day that will be when my Jesus I will see. There is coming a day when no partachache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear, no more sickness, no pain, no more parting over them. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day. Glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When by Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who save me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. And can we sing in Christ alone as we dismiss tonight? In Christ alone will I glory. In Christ alone will I glory. Though I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure. And by his strength alone I overcome. Hallelujah. I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. Those trophies could not equal to the grace by which I stand. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. In Christ alone, I place my trust and I find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. In Christ alone will I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. Only his tender mercy could reach beyond my weakness to my knees. And now I seek no greater honor than just to know [Applause] him and to count my gains but losses to the [Music] glor. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be your name. Christ the Lord. I place my trust and I find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. In Christ alone, in Christ alone. God bless you tonight. I place my trust and I [Music] walk away. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I can't. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I do. [Music]
