################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - 2025-08-24 Bro. Barry - Last Day Messenger - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-24
Title:    2025-08-24 Bro. Barry - Last Day Messenger
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvSZgHKn5jw
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson - Last Day Messenger
Wednesday, August 27th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Sing to me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] There we go. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Good evening, saints. I trust you all had a blessed week so far. Please stand with me. [Music] This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven. And I can't feel that home in this world anymore. Oh, I have to heaven [Music] and I can't hold [Music] anymore. You're all expecting me. I know I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Oh, I am weak and I can feel that in this world [Applause] and oh Lord I have nothing like heaven [Music] will be from heaven open and I without the world anymore just pour in glory will live eternally the saints on every shouting victory the song of sweetest praise back from heaven and I can't feel Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] I have nothing like you. If heaven my home will hold the angels back in heaven and not at home world anymore. Amen. Are we happy to be in the house of the Lord this evening? Amen. We have all the reason to praise him. Amen. And when the battle's over, we shall wear it around. Am I Let's start the chorus. Sure. Why not? When the battle's over, we shall wear crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear crown. And when the battle's over, we shall crown in the new J. [Music] Oh, we're found where [Music] shining bright. Oh, when the battle's over, we shall crown in the new land. Am I? Am I a soldier of the cross, a fall of the lamb? When shall I cause for to speak his name and when the battles we shall crown [Applause] oh we shall when the battles over we shall around in the new when the battle's over. Oh, when the battle's over, we shall crown. Oh, we shall crown. We shall crown her. Show him. [Music] Amen. Brother Mvin, if I could ask you to open the service in prayer, [Music] let's bow our hearts this evening. Oh Lord Jesus, what a good reminder to us, oh Lord, that when this battle in this side of eternity is over, we will wear a crown. And that's the culmination, oh Lord Jesus, of what we're having here, Lord, day in day out, Wednesday, Sundays. Oh Lord Jesus, we're so thankful unto you that you have given us this word. Lord, the word of truth, complete word, not just partial word, but complete word. Oh Lord, we know we are in the states of consummation now with you, oh Lord Jesus, the invisible union with you, oh Lord Jesus, as we have preached last Sunday, oh Lord Jesus, we're just waiting for the body change, which is the merit supper of the lamb, which is the rapture itself, oh Lord. And as we get ready, oh Lord, may you cleanse our our our clothes, Lord. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, our linen, Lord Jesus, because uh it is white, Lord, because we we are dressed, Lord, through the preaching of your word by the five-fold ministry, oh Lord Jesus, may we catch it, Lord. May we catch the revelation of this message of the hour, Lord. Oh God, you have sent seven messengers, Lord Jesus, which is the rainbow, different colors, oh Lord, but those are your spirit, oh Lord, in every age. And we're so thankful we are capping the pyramid right now, Lord, to be perfected, oh Lord, by your word, oh Lord, help us. Help our brother, Lord, as he's preparing and even the musicians and uh brother Daniel as he lead songs, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we're so thankful unto you that we have we have you, Lord, completely. Oh Lord, there's no mortar between you and us, oh Lord Jesus. So you can come down, Lord, and cup the full pyramid, Lord, as we are being shaped, Lord. Lord, all those uh uh unnecessary shapes, Lord Jesus, unnecessary cares of this world, Lord, may you remove them, Lord, so that we can be in in the pure image and likeness of your of your being, oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, we're so thankful unto you. We know it's only by the preaching of your word, Lord, we can attain that. And as we surrender, Lord, you can do and lead us, Lord, to perfection and maturity. Oh God, we know we are married already to you, oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, we're so thankful unto you that you have chosen us even before the foundation of the world. Oh God, what a privileged people we are, Lord. May it be inculcated in our hearts, Lord, completely that we are special people, class A people that we can just, Lord, continue, Lord, and Lord, surrender unto you, Lord. Oh, may you bless the service from the beginning to the end. Jesus Christ name we pray. Amen. You have receive this evening to &gt;&gt; draw close to him. Draw me close to him. You never let me go [Music] and all [Music] just stay the high of [Music] No substitutes [Music] of glory. Help me find you. Oh my gosh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Draw me close to you. Never let us close. Never let me down. [Music] It's your desire. [Music] &gt;&gt; No one else will do nothing else. [Music] Nothing else can stand your way. [Music] Just to feel the warm embrace. Help me find me back to you. [Music] You are all my [Music] you are all [Music] you Amen. &gt;&gt; Can we believe he's near this evening? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can we sing a specialty? Can we sing Lord You're Beautiful. Asi prepares to come up. Sing. Oh Lord, your beautyful. [Music] Your face is holy. For when for when your eyes come from holy your praise have come to me oh Lord. Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burn bright. renew the lamb of my first that with you. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. [Music] Your face is whole life. Oh, your eyes are holy. Your praise to me. [Music] There are something [Music] I may not know. And there are places [Music] But I am sure of this one that God is real. For I can feel him deeply. Oh my God is real is real in my soul. My God is real for he has words that made me know [Music] his love for me. It's just like your gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my sight. Some folks may doubt, some folks may scorn. [Music] All can desert and leave me alone. Hallelujah. But as for me, I'll take God's part. Our God is real and I can feel him in my heart. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. [Music] Yes, God is real. glorious glance that made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you failed when Jesus took my sins away. But since that day, yes, since that hour, God has been real for I can feel his power. My God is real. is really my soul. Oh yes, God is real. Glorious cleans and made me whole. [Music] His love for me. [Music] It's just like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. [Music] My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Amen. Please stand with me. I want to give another clap. [Applause] Josh, can we go to the last song? He touched me. Amen. I'm looking for [Music] One moment there was this song has been I have to get it out. I'm sorry. I have to This song has been on my heart for weeks. I think it was verse two since I met this blessed savior. Man, I was thinking I think is the conversation with my parents where we was talking about where we were or where he was in Africa, where my mom was in Africa coming from the village, the lifestyle they lived or his character before he met this blessed savior. So I started looking at the Bible and I thought of Peter, a man with no education, a rough man, and that he met that blessed savior. Amen. Zakius, everyone didn't like him. a cheating, exploiting tax collector and he met that blessed savior or Paul killed people, hunted people and that he met that blessed savior and that has been on my heart. I had to get that. I'm sorry. I had to. Amen. Shackled by a heavy burden. Oh, shackled by a heavy burden. [Music] Oh, me a Lord of hilts and shame. Oh, the hand of Jesus touched me. Oh, and now I can't be no longer the same. [Music] Oh, he touched me. Oh, and the joy that first my soul something happened. I can't explain it. I know he has and since and since I met his plan since he cleansed oh since he cleansed changed our nature. [Music] How could I? Oh sh [Music] my soul. Happy and I know he touched me and made me since he to this blessed savior. Ever since I left this place, [Music] oh This place [Music] just our voices and the deaths. What has happened? [Music] Something happened and I know [Music] and [Music] isn't It wonderful to worship him. &gt;&gt; To be able to worship in spirit and in truth. What a tremendous honor and privilege that is. That's the only way that we can worship. &gt;&gt; For him to receive it. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Just want to remember sister Nancy and uh each and every uplift hand tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, tonight we're so thankful that you touched us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Father, we could never say it enough to you. And Lord, we just pray that you would know our hearts. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Father, tonight one more time, we're so thankful that we can approach you and gather together in your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Because we know that you're here already in our midst. &gt;&gt; And Father, I just can't help but think about the the vision that we don't have, but Lord, sometimes you'll allow to be seen. And I think of the story of Elijah and the minister. &gt;&gt; Yes. or maybe it was Elisha and how they couldn't see all of your army surrounding them. They could only see the enemy. And I I think Lord, many times in our lives, that's all we can see is the enemy that stands before us and surrounds us. But Lord, we know that you surround them. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, Father, greater is he that is in me than he that is in this world. We're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you not only touched us, but that you came to take up your abode on the throne of our hearts, Lord, by a free will offering that we made unto you. And Father, tonight we just lift your name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Father, tonight we just want to exalt you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Tonight, Father, we just want to remember Sister Nancy, Lord, according to the request that was given today. Father, we pray that you would guide the surgeon's hands, that you would enable the situation, Lord Jesus, to change, Father. Lord, we just thank you that we can bring our needs unto you tonight. Lord, we just ask that you would meet the need behind every uplift hand unto you tonight. Father, we know that you're more than able. &gt;&gt; And Lord Jesus, as we go forwards, we pray that you would just be glorified now in all that's said and done. Father, as those two that walked with you on the road to Emmas that night, Father, we pray that you would just break the bread of life to us fresh once again, Lord, that you would open our eyes to your word. We love you tonight, Father, and we thank you. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians one more time for your unfailing service for the body. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Tonight I just have a couple of scriptures that I want to read. Um first one very familiar scriptures tonight. I hope it's okay. I hope the all the scripture is very familiar. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. &gt;&gt; But out of Malachi book of Malachi chapter 4 and then Revelations 10 verse 7. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Mvin just got me lit on Sunday. So Malachi 4, we'll just start with verse 5. Actually, why don't we just read it all? It's not that much. Malachi 4, chapter 4 of Malachi verse one says, "For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble." Remember that word wickedly is anything contrary to the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; One word off &gt;&gt; is wickedly. &gt;&gt; All that do wickedly shall be stubble. &gt;&gt; And the day that cometh shall burn them up, sayaeth the Lord of Hosts, that shall leave them neither root nor branch. But unto you &gt;&gt; that fear my name, &gt;&gt; shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, &gt;&gt; and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. Amen. &gt;&gt; And ye shall tread down the wicked, &gt;&gt; for they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the Lord of hosts, because we will have an immortal body when that happens. There will be a body change. Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Isn't that beautiful? Behold, not I will send the church, I will send the age, I will send the prespit or the pope, but I will send you, &gt;&gt; Elijah the prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Now over in Revelation chapter 10, again, as we say, very familiar scriptures, but I just think there's some points in there that really kind of got me inspired. And uh &gt;&gt; here we are. Revelations 10:7, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the days of the voice. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we know that we are in the midst of the days of the voice. And father, we pray that you would just quicken this word to our souls tonight. Lord, &gt;&gt; we just love you and we thank you. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. This verse in seven of Revelations chapter 10 is so familiar to us. But in the days of the voice, I love the the thought that there's multiple days. It's a plurality of days, but it's a singularity of voice. One voice, one word that's given to us. It's absolutely tremendous. And we know that the mystery of God should be finished through the days of the voice. There should be no more mysteries. So if we have mysteries and and we we are talking about mysteries, then somehow we've missed what this verse actually says. I would like to extend a warm welcome to Sister Michelle. God bless you. Welcome back. It's good to see you. [Applause] She had a a note here. She said, "I just want to thank the congregation for their prayers and thank the Lord for traveling mercies. Everything went smoothly despite near misses in traffic and Air Canada strikes. God is so good." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It can be such a disruptive thing just traveling. It's not an easy thing at all. Brother Mvin taking the service on Sunday. I got to stream it on Monday after we left while we were driving from uh Birch Hills and I hadn't actually been able to connect the dots in that area because I had heard of Birch Hills, I had heard of Weldon and I have heard of Kistano and they're all separate places that are basically really close together. So, uh, the church is in the middle in a place called Weldon. And there's a lot of people that live in a town called Canistano, and there's an egg world and a farm world, a really big farm implement operation that's there. And, uh, many of the believers are there, and some of the believers that have gone on to their reward. Uh, I believe the elder brother Cook was actually a pioneer in that dealership there in the area. And uh yeah, there's a lot of stats with it, but you know, they're just tremendous. I'm not going to try and repeat them all, but I will say this that uh I heard that it was like that dealership was like number one in the world. The number one dealership in the world, and that is pretty significant when you look at the size of the world and all the implements that there are. So, uh I don't think it is now. it's sold and and changed hands and but it's just kind of neat to go and and see everyone there. And you know, while we were talking about it, Lisa had said that it was a bit like a homecoming because we have desired to go there for so many years, for probably as long as we've been married, 19 years. We have talked about going there and not realizing it was really only an hour and a half further than Saskatoon. And uh I was telling everyone there that I think Saskatoon was just where we stopped because there was so many friends and family there. So it just we just didn't make it out there. But it was certainly a tremendous time. We had two services on Sunday and uh you know the morning service was pretty good. I gave a little bit of my testimony and some of the people there had never met me and I was just basically getting to know brother Paul Dirkson and uh the evening service was absolutely tremendous. The Lord came by our way there and uh it was really really good. It was a powerful service. &gt;&gt; I bring you greetings from brother Paul and sister Holly uh Dirkson, the pastor and his wife of the church in uh in Weldon. It's Weldon Christian Tabernacle. And uh this is a church that is kind of an interesting place because uh some of the elder pioneers in the area, the cooks, my understanding is they were very very close with brother Joseph and with brother Billy Paul. And so there's a big or a strong connection directly to Jeffersonville through those ties. And uh of course with all of that there's a really strong uh contingent for the tape only people and uh you know it is what it is. You can't uh you can't try and persuade someone to do something that they don't want to do. I think the saying goes that uh what is it? A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still. And uh that's one thing when you have a man or a woman that's that way. But when you're dealing with spirits, it's uh it's totally different level. And you know, that's one of the things that brother Paul Dirkson combats is uh that spirit. It's a very strong spirit in the area. And uh I know we have it everywhere, but you know, the prophet for our day, he did not instruct us to stay at home and listen to tapes, &gt;&gt; period. &gt;&gt; So for someone to say that there's a leadership of the Lord to do that, you know, there's a disconnection somewhere along the way. And you you hate to say that someone is absolutely wrong. You just have to simply say that, you know, the word says this and and the prophet said what the word said and we just say amen to that. I mean, what can you say? Uh they're lovely people and uh we certainly love them and want to encourage them and continue to to be friends with them. So, you know, we just had a wonderful time of fellowship there. It just wasn't long enough. It never is when you get together with brothers and sisters of like precious faith, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, we stayed with brother Brent Gransky and his wife, Sister Cheryl, and they gave up their house and their beds and just made us feel right at home and it was just a a real tremendous time. And for those people who remember brother Brent Gransky, he's actually preached here. He uh he got good and saved here in Calgary years ago when this church was actually being held in a community hall down in Southwood. Was it Southwood, Calgary? It was down south anyways, just off of Mloud Trail. And uh you know, there was another minister at the time and so on and so forth. But you know, Brother Brent, he when he was here last time, he went to that community hall and he just went back to that place. It was a tiepost for him where he could say that he gave his heart to the Lord and he knew that God did something for him supernaturally in that moment. And I just think it's so important for us to be able to do that. We have got to have those typos, those places where we can say right there and then something happened for me in my life. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if we have never had that, I would recommend, I would implore, I would plead and and even cry, ask the Lord to give you one of those. Because it's so important for a believer. It's almost as important, if not as important, for a believer to have those moments where they can actually go back to and say, "I know that God spoke to me there." Because there nobody can convince you otherwise because you know it was God that spoke to you. So, it was just a wonderful time of of reminiscing with uh Brother Brent and and the believers up there. We had such a wonderful time and as I said, I'm certainly thankful for Brother MVIN stepping in and summarizing the message of the hour. And uh it just got me inspired tonight. And uh even this morning, I I got on the Bible study and they never had a minister and I was barely awake. And so at 6:00 in the morning, they said, "Can you take it?" And I hadn't prepared a thing, but I said, "Amen. let's do it. Let's be in instant in season and out of season. And uh I just went with it. So this is maybe a little bit of what we got into this morning. And it just it just really struck me um listening to the service that Brother Mvin preached because it's been on my heart. And uh you know, did you get the email, brother? We've got it. If you want to bring it up, I'm just going to preach directly from that. If we just go further down in the message out of the Leodysian church age in the church age book um talking tonight about the divinely revealed mystery truths. Uh there's a few different points that I want to make here but I'm just going to start with this one here. Brother Bradam, he says, "So we can well see from these scriptures that the prophet in Malachi 3, who was John, was not the prophet of Malachi 4, though indeed both John and this last day prophet have upon them the same spirit which was upon Elijah." And now I'm just going to pause and say this. There is five comeings of this spirit that I think is very important to just highlight, just point out. And I want to say this as well. I better say this as well. I was thinking about it this afternoon while I was studying. You know, I'm certainly by no any way bringing any correction to Sunday. I say amen to Sunday all along. I just simply got inspired by what was preached. So I'm just chipping in my two cents here if it's okay. We can see that uh these two prophets are not the same. The prophet of Malachi 4, though indeed both John and this last day prophet have upon them the same spirit which was upon Elijah. And as I was saying there before I got distracted by myself, there's five comingings of this Elijah anointing. There is Elijah. There is Elisha. And we know there was a clear delineation. If you see me when I go, you can have what you ask. And we know that he asked, "I want a double portion of what you got." And that's exactly what happened. He got a double portion of it. And then the next anointing of that spirit was in John the Baptist. And the next anointing of that spirit was in William, Mary, and Brham. And the next anointing of that spirit will not be to the gentile church. It will be to the Jews exclusively. &gt;&gt; And it will be that Elijah spirit. And uh it's an interesting discussion. I would open up the the channels of discussion if we have anyone that knows about this, maybe has heard things about it. Is it going to be the literal body of Elijah and Moses that will actually be there in the land of Egypt in in in Israel, pardon me, or will it be just the anointing that actually falls upon a man? I don't know. I think it's interesting. I have an opinion with it. And my opinion is simple that I believe it will be the same as it was with all these others. It will be the anointing upon a man. But I don't know. I guess time will tell. And I hope we're not here to see it. Now, this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10:7 is going to do two things. This this is really what got me going. And this is what's going to get me going here. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelation 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. So, this is what he's going to do. This prophet has come. When we hear people talking about mysteries, there's a problem. There are mysteries. things are mysterious until you actually realize they're revealed. But you know what it takes to reveal those mysteries? It takes Jesus Christ himself. And I think many times it's preached that we can learn our way into this. And this is why I'm so fired up because the prophet for our day, the anointing that was upon that prophet for our day, he said this. It will be these divinely revealed, divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Exactly. So, so you can see the heart of brother Barry where I'm going with this. It will be these divinely revealed. It's not preached. It's not something that brother Barry can give you. Even though it is a divine revelation when you go to pulling and a man goes to preaching, God will minister to the needs. He will unveil the mysteries, but it's divinely revealed. It's got to come from God exactly like it did for Peter when he said, "What do the people say? And who do people say that I am?" And we know they said lots of others. But he said, "Who do you say that I am?" And we know, brother Peter, he said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Jesus said to him, you know what, Peter? Flesh and blood has not revealed that unto you. And I can't help but think that he wasn't just saying it to Peter. He was saying it to everyone that had earshot of what was going on. My father in heaven revealed that unto you. It didn't come from flesh and blood. It didn't come from your parents. Didn't come from your teachers. It didn't come from your school. Maybe a school of theology. I know there's many people that have have gone to a theological seminary and and they've come out of that and now they've gotten into the message, but you can see behaviors of that mingling in with the message. And what's that going to do? It's going to create a hybrid being. And the problem with it is it'll be just fine for that individual and maybe a couple other individuals around them, but it will not be able to reproduce. And that's what the problem is. Brother Padam says it. If you have a mule, it cannot reproduce itself because it's hybrid. But when you've got a a fresh quarter horse, that's a different story. Or a purebred any other version, it will be able to reproduce itself. And it's the same thing in a Christian life. When you've got this message mingled with something else, what you're going to have is a dead religion. &gt;&gt; Someone might be on fire for a little while, but before long that group's going to be listening to tapes &gt;&gt; because they're not able to experience the new birth. &gt;&gt; That new birth only comes by the spirit of God. And what happens with that new birth is we get a divinely revealed mystery truth. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally, not figuratively, &gt;&gt; not supposedly, &gt;&gt; not futuristically, but literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Exactly. So, so you can see where I'm going with this. What is the faith of the Pentecostal fathers? I'm not going to get too far into that tonight, but down the road you can bet that I am. &gt;&gt; And and you know, brother Bradom, when you look it up, you can look up uh Pentecostal Fathers in the message, he goes right to Acts two, &gt;&gt; directly to Acts two. And so that's where the inspiration will come forward. If we go to Acts two and see what is the faith of the Pentecostal fathers, they acted like drunk people. They did not act all orderly. They were not lukewarm, formal, and powerless. &gt;&gt; Amen. They had the full power, the full manifestation of the Holy Ghost. That was what they were promised and that was what they actually had. &gt;&gt; And that's what's supposed to happen in this day, brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; Supposed to happen in this day. And I think, you know, it only comes one way. It only comes by a new birth. And the new birth only comes by the true death. The old man's got to die. The old man's got to die 100%. And you know what? We've got to want that more than we want anything else in this world. &gt;&gt; We got to want it more than our job. We got to want it more than our career, more than our image, more than anything else that we have to deal with on this earth. We have got to want that more. And until we're willing to actually get there, we're just going to continue on the way we are. You know, the definition of insanity is to continue doing what we're doing the same way. and expecting a different result. I want to encourage us to see what this means to literally have our hearts turned to the Pentecostal father's faith. I don't think it means just being able to say that God sent a prophet. I could be wrong. Maybe I am. But I think there's a whole lot more that go along with it. I I think there's a lot more that goes along with it. And and you know, I'm I'm not going to say any one thing in particular. It could be music. It could be worship. It could be preaching. It could be out evangelizing. It could be all of the above. But it's what the spirit leads us to do. And I think we have the p we heard that so good a couple Wednesdays ago, didn't we? We have the pattern. &gt;&gt; What are we doing with that pattern? Is that pattern now? I want to say this. Is that pattern Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? Or is that pattern a literal action according to the way William Mryiam Brandom lived his life? I think it's a very important discussion because we can go off on a tangent and say because brother Brandham drove a Ford, I better drive a Ford, right? But he also had a Jeep. He had a few different things because he hunted. Hey, we we all better hunt. We better be hunters, right? because he fished. Why oughten we to go after the covenant fish? I'll tell you if anybody wants to, there's some really good covenant fish in this river in Calgary, the Bow River. If you like fishing, they're really, really active fish in there. And the covenant fish, you know what I'm talking about. Rainbow trout. That's what brother Brandham fished for. That's what he got the record for. But you know how easy it could be to slip down that that pathway and try and do everything exactly the way Brother Brandham did it? eat the food that he ate, live where he lived. What did he say about that? He said, "Come to Tucson if you want to, but you don't have to because the rapture is going to happen universally." &gt;&gt; You know, I'm going to get into it a little bit later, but it can become a very, very dangerous thing to pattern ourselves after a human. We don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; The devil wants us to. The devil wants us to. But you know what? We all are attributes of God's own nature. And we need to allow him to manifest in our lives so he can purge that nature out of us the way that he's created it in us. But these mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers, they're divinely revealed. That's the only way it's going to happen. It has got to be a pure genuine revelation from God to the individual. And you know what that is, brothers and sisters? I believe it starts with the new birth that God is my savior. That I I recognize that I'm a sinner. I recognize that I need to die out to myself so that he can live inside of me. Excuse me. Carrying on, you know, mysteries are an interesting discussion in the message. There's a a lot of discussion around the mysteries. There's mystery expos and and they're very good things. They're very instructional. But sometimes I believe people can talk in such a way that they have an edge on the mysteries. They have a full complete understanding. And a great example of that is Godhead. The Godhead doctrine. when you have someone that will be able to just absolutely lay it out and pinpoint every single aspect of the Godhead. I don't know, man. I I think it gets a little bit mysterious. We can actually try and explain things that aren't designed to be explained. Brother Bradom said it very clearly that that God is one spirit in three different offices. And I personally believe it really is that simple. Now I'm not trying to simplify God, but what I am saying is that God hides himself in simplicity and reveals himself in the same. Brother Brandham takes it from the the type who could actually look at a blade of grass and explain how that happens. Every single year it just happens. How can that be? But God hides himself in it. But you know in sir or or is this the sign of the end sir? Brother Bannon refers to this message sir is this the time of the end and it's actually titled is this the sign of the end sir in 1962 and and it's just before the seals were open and and it's right around the time where there was this spirit floating around the deity spirit and and we're going to read a little bit about that but you know in 1962 in this message in particular it's right at the end of all of 1962 on the table if you're interested brother Brandham talks about a lot of the mysteries that Brother Mvin hit on on Sunday. And it's so important to recognize that he came and he actually tied up the loose ends is what he says in that message. He tied up those mystery loose ends in the Bible that that theologians have been poking at and proddding at throughout the ages. He he just came and and tied them up. And you know, he didn't do it himself. It was that spirit of Christ that came and did it through him. Amen. &gt;&gt; But carrying on in our our discussion out of the the Leodysian church age in the church age book, brother Bradom, he says, "In order to further clarify our presentation of this last day prophet, let us particularly note that the prophet of Matthew 11:12 was John the Baptist who was the one foretold in Malachi 3:1. Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me, and the Lord, whom ye whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in. Behold, he shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. Matthew 11:1-2. And it came to pass when Jesus had made an end of commanding his 12 disciples, he departed thence to teach and preach in their cities. Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples and said unto him, "Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?" This is the one that was actually foretold by the prophet Isaiah. This is the one that was foretold by the prophet who was actually fulfilling the commission. He was in the third third anointing of Elijah. But you know what happened? Brother Bradam said his eagle eye got filmed over. He got thrown in prison for the preaching of the word for for doing the command of the Lord. And we know in the end for the the fornication, the adulterous behavior in the in the temple there, the king actually had him beheaded. But here he is in prison, seeing all that's taken place, going out prophesying, going out and and calling the the religious teachers of the day vipers. Ye generation of vipers, who told you to flee from the wrath that is to come? And here he finds himself in prison with his eagle eye filmed over. I think sometimes, brothers and sisters, if a prophet can experience that, we can experience that ourselves. We can find ourselves just maybe a little bit down in our spirit. And that's the time to worship. That is not the time to stay away from church. That's the time to come to song service and enter in. But he sent two of his disciples and said unto him, "Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?" Jesus answered and said unto them, "Go show John again those things which ye do hear and see." The blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, and the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them. and blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me." And as they departed, Jesus began to say to the multitudes concerning John, "What went ye out into the wilderness to see?" Why'd you go out there? What was it you were looking for? A reed shaken with the wind. But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raignment. Behold, they that wear soft clothing are in king's houses. But went what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yay, I say unto you, and more than a prophet. For this is he of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face. So remember here he is actually bringing this out that it is written. It's not something that was actually already documented. They were scribing this now. But what they were scribing was that it was prior written by the prophet. I say unto you, and more than a prophet, for this is he of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee. And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, I'll probably say this a couple times tonight, the spirit that was on John the Baptist, which is the spirit that was on William Mary and Brandham. He was doing exactly what John was doing for a different purpose in the Ohio River at the foot of Spring Street in Jeffersonville, Indiana on the 17th person that day. What happened? There was a light that came down from heaven. It was the pillar of fire. I can't help but think. And what did he say? Out of that pillar of fire, just like John the Baptist, the one we just read, was sent to forerun the first coming of the Lord, so to your ministry will forerun the second coming of the Lord. He says, "Verily, I say unto you, among them that are born of women, there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist. &gt;&gt; Notwithstanding, he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." Now, Brother Brand, I'm going on here. I I apologize for the reading. I just thought it would be really good just to say what he said. Amen. &gt;&gt; This has already taken place. It's already happened. This has happened. It's over. But note now in Malachi 4:1-6. For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings. Isn't it beautiful to think about that scripture? But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise. Where is he going to arise, brothers and sisters? There's not going to be some day where he's going to arise out of the grave somewhere because we're going to meet with him in the clouds, right? That's the scripture. We'll go to meet with him in the clouds. And then Revelations 19, he's going to come back riding on a horse with the sword of the word and his name written on his thigh. You know that scripture. Revelations 19, he's going to do that and we're all going to be there with him. But how is the son of righteousness going to arise? He's going to arise in the hearts of his bride in the last days. He's going to arise with righteousness in his bride body with healing in his wings. And ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. Can you imagine what it will be look like? What it will be like to look back on our lives if we have the possibility to do so. as we prayed, you know, tonight to think about the story of the prophet and the Syrians surrounding the prophet and his helper and Giza all in a flat because the Syrians are surrounding him and goes and gets the master and says, "How shall we do?" And he's like, "Man, I haven't even had a cup of coffee this morning and you're already bugging me." So, what does he do? He prays, "Lord, open that boy's eyes. Open his eyes. Let him see that there's more for us than there is for the enemy." And you know, I I just wonder if one day we're going to be able to look back in our lives and think about all the times we were fighting and struggling and toiling and lamenting. But to know if we could just know that there are so many angels around us because we fear him. Those who fear him, he will surround them. That's his word. But I just I just think it's a beautiful thing if we could just have that peace to know that he's completely got it all under control right when it seems like it's completely out of control. That's when he's in the most control, brothers and sisters. That's when we're going to see the greatest manifestation of the Lord in our lives when it's completely out of control. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings. And ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. You won't have wolves nipping at your heels. You'll be just like a cal in a stall, completely protected. You'll have all the temperature controlled. You'll have all the food that you need. Everything will be just completely looked after as a calf of the stall. And ye shall tread down the wicked. You ever see the way a cow is in a stall? Anybody ever seen that before? They just they just step and it doesn't matter what's under them. It just gets stomped. It just gets crushed. It just gets sheared. It gets broken. It's just what happens. But I just think it's an interesting comparison that you would grow up as a calf of the stall and tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayaeth the Lord of Hosts. Remember ye the law of Moses, my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with statutes and judgments. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children. And we know the heart of the fathers has already been turned to the children. That's already taken place. It's the heart of the children to their fathers. lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Brother Brandham says, see immediately after the coming of this Elijah, the earth will be cleansed by fire and the wicked burned to ashes. Now I can see this one paragraph being taken and and played upon because immediately I have a question because it says see immediately after the coming of this Elijah this Elijah has already come hasn't he? I I think he's already come. But what is a space of time in God's economy? One day is as a thousand years, right? And a thousand years is is as a day. And I know somebody worked out the math on that when you get into minutes. Um I'm not going to go there. I'm not even going to try, but a mathematician did it once. And it's kind of an interesting discussion. But how how long is that immediately going to be? We don't know. But we know that that's coming. We know that the Lord will never flood the earth again with water. That's already taken place. And he set his bow in the cloud. And uh we know that the age is trying to pervert that with all they can. But it doesn't change it for the true believer because we know every time we see that bow in the cloud. We know that was actually a covenant that God has given to man that he will never ever destroy the earth by water. But there is a promise and that is to destroy the earth by fire. And we know thankfully through the vindicated prophet in the day in which we live. I I'm going to go back and correct myself. It's not to destroy the earth because the earth isn't going to be destroyed. The wicked are going to be destroyed. What's going to happen is the earth is going to be renovated. &gt;&gt; I believe brother Brandham does say it in the message somewhere that the actual earth is going to flip over. &gt;&gt; It's going to be completely renovated. So, if you could imagine what it will be like for all of the magma and everything to happen, have you ever seen a flow from a volcano? it it flows out and it's black and it's really sharp and it looks like there's no life, but you know, if you give it a few years, you'll see little tiny green plants coming out of it, just growing all over it. I just can't help but think it will be just like that one day on this earth. And you know, there'll be a thousand years for it to actually replenish. It's amazing to think about. But brother Bradom, he says that uh immediately after the coming of this Elijah, the earth will be cleansed by fire and the wicked burn to ashes. And you know, we're looking at that right now. This this world is not our home. Brothers and sisters, don't get comfy here. It is any moment going to rain fire. And I'm not trying to scare us, but that's the promise for the day in which we live. But you know, that's the promise for the wicked. The promise for us is to actually go and meet our heavenly father in the air. And and I think it's amazing to have the discussion just to even have the discussion to think about you know the space of about 40 days I think brother Brandham says something very similar to that about 40 days there will potentially be people that we know that have gone on before us to actually manifest and say to us take courage don't be afraid because all that you believed is taking place right now. All that you lived is actually happening right before your eyes. Can you imagine what it will be like to actually see that, to perceive that immediately after the coming of this Elijah, the earth will be cleansed by fire and the wicked burn to ashes. He says, of course, this did not happen at the time of John, the Elijah for his day, the spirit of God that prophesied the coming of the messenger in Malachi 3:1. John was but reiterating his previous prophetic statement of Isaiah 40:3 made at least three centuries previously. The voice of him that crith in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Now John by the Holy Ghost voiced both Isaiah and Malachi in Matthew 3:3. What a beautiful summary. For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah, saying, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight." I love how brother Brandham just just brings this all together. He brings it out so clearly. This prophet is going to have the same nature as the other prophets. Brother Brandham says that in here. He goes on to say, "But consider this also. This prophet messenger will be in his nature and manners as were Elijah and John." So with a few minutes here, I just wanted to take a minute and just look at Elijah and John. Elijah, first Kings 21. First Kings 21, if you don't mind. Maybe a little bit of a Bible study tonight. just to uh amplify what the prophet's saying here. First Kings 21. I uh yeah, first Kings 21. And it's it's for the sake of time, I would uh I would say just go and read it if you want to get the backstory, but it's you know the story about Neabboth and how God finally had enough and he sent his prophet by. But verse 23 out of first kings 21, this this is the nature of this prophet. He has no compunction going and saying what the Lord put in his mouth. Verse 23 says, "And Jezebel also spake the Lord." This is the Lord speaking through his prophet, "Say, the dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezrael. Him that dieth of Ahab in the city of dogs shall eat, and him that dieth in the field, the fowls of the air eat." This prophet had no problem saying what the Lord put on his heart. Matthew chapter 3, just a couple pages over from where we were in Malachi. Matthew chapter 3. I think it's just really neat to see it in in the word what the prophet is speaking about. In Matthew chapter 3 verse 1 it says in those days came John the Baptist preaching in the wilderness of Judea and saying repent ye for the kingdom of heaven is at hand for this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah saying the voice of one crying in the wilderness prepare ye the way of the Lord make his paths straight. Can you imagine that this guy would have just been rattling all of the scholars, all of the theologians, all of the seminaries, all of the Sadducees and the Pharisees would be so upset because this would be so out of order for what they actually believed in their day. And it's absolutely amazing when when you just stop and ponder this thought. This is exactly what happened in our day with William Mariam Brham because he's a backwoods Kentucky hillbilly as he's referred to many times. Someone without an education was able to come and confound the scholars. But what he did was he identified himself in the scripture. And as soon as he did that, that's where they say, "Oh, no. Now you go and you make yourself something." No, no, no. All he did was identify his position in the word. And here we have John doing the exact same thing. This is he that was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah, saying, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his path straight." And the same John had his raignment of camel&lt;unk&gt;s hair and a leather and girdle about his loins. And his meat, excuse me, his meat was locust and wild honey. I can't imagine eating locust and wild honey. Can imagine the honey, but then went out to him Jerusalem and all Judea and all the region round about Jordan and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins. People had a genuine desire. There was an anointing for that day. Things were very, very anointed. There was a very strong pull. Everybody knew something was taking place. And I just can't help but think, you know, brothers and sisters, before the coming of the Messiah there, everybody had there was a buzz in the land. There was something taking place that everybody was aware something was different. And I just think it's exactly like today, isn't it? Everyone's aware this world, something is different in this world now. Something is taking place. And we know what it is. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Verse seven here. This is the nature of this guy, the nature of this prophet. But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, "Oh generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Bring forth therefore fruits, meat for repentance." Talk is cheap. Bring some repentance forward. Show a life that's worthy of this gospel. Verse nine. And think not to say within yourselves, we have brother Brandham our father. Think not to say in yourselves that we have Abraham our father. For I say unto you that God is able these stones to raise up children unto Abraham. This is where I wanted to get into tonight, brothers and sisters. It can be very easy for us to have someone whom we might consider to be our father in the faith. We only need to have one, and that is Jesus Christ. The prophet in our day came to put us on to Jesus Christ to do the introduction. And he would not have been taken off the scene had that introduction not been made. But it's so beautiful because we still live in the days of that voice. And we're going to be living in that space of time, the days of the voice, right up until the rapture takes place. That's how far it's going to go. But I think it's amazing when we look at this because, you know, there's a compound meaning and revelation for every single scripture. And I know some people might not like me throwing in Brother Brandham's name here, but I want to shake us up like we heard a couple Wednesdays ago. Let's not think that we just have a perfect pattern and everything is fine. Let's check ourselves. Let's make sure that our pattern is his pattern, that we're fitting into his mold. We're not saying that I have Abraham to my father, so I I'm I'm all good. What are you going to tell me about? It's got to be the Holy Spirit. These are divinely revealed mystery truths, &gt;&gt; not scholarly revealed mystery truths. He goes on to say, "And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees. Therefore, every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is heened down and cast into the fire." And you know that's what's exactly what's going to take place here. That axe, this axe that we're talking about is the axe of the word. What's going to do the separating when the reapers come? It's not going to be angels flying and grabbing and picking up and flying away and bringing and setting down. What's going to happen? That might happen. That might happen. But the first thing that's going to happen is the preaching of this word is going to go forwards. The preaching of the word through the vindicated angels in every single age is going to do the separating. That's what's going to do the separating of of the wheat and the chaff. It's not going to be a a literal angelic separation. It's the preaching of the word for your day is what does it. And and some people say like we say all the time, you hear it. Some people said, "He called me a crow. All service long alls he did was was harp on me and the other people will say you know what I just soared like an eagle because I know that he was speaking to me. It was my theophony that was pulling on that word. &gt;&gt; And that's the way it is. We can't change that. The only thing we can do is say amen to the word. The more we say amen to the word, the more the word comes. Verse 11 says, I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance. It was a form. And now we actually get baptized as an inward outward work, outward expression of the inward work that's taken place from this repentance. He says, I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance. But he that cometh after me is mightier than I whose shoes I'm not worthy to bear. He shall baptize you with what? With the Holy Ghost and with fire. That's what he's going to do. It's not about actually just joining church and being a part of something. It's actually being baptized by the Holy Ghost. That is our commission for the day in which we live. Brothers and sisters, only believe. If we believe, we'll follow the instruction. The people of this prophet messenger's day will be as they were in Ahab's day and in John's. And since it is only the children whose hearts will be turned, it's only the children who will listen. In the days of Ahab, only 7,000 true seed Israelites were found. In the days of John, there were also very few. The masses in both ages were in the fornication of idolatry. And that right there I believe could be a sermon and a series. The fornication of idolatry. In in a nutshell, anything that we put ahead of this word in our lives is adultery. It's the fornication of idultery. What we do is we become adulterinist because we're trying to hang on to the old selves and hang on to a new husband. And brother Bradam in the invisible union, he says, "You can't do it. It's impossible to do it." He talks about it in marriage and divorce. It's impossible to do it. If we try and do that, if we try and hold on to the old man and then be spiritual, be a Christian and whatever, then we're adulterers. We're an adulteress. And brother Brandham says, "Nobody," we know the word says it too. Nobody will inherit the kingdom of heaven as an adulterer, as a fornicator. If we're going to go and mess around with all the things of the world and still come to church and act like everything is all right, there's something severely wrong. It's the fornication of idolatry. He says it just like in all the other ages, that's the way it'll be. Brandon goes on to talk. He says in the last few minutes here I want to make one more comparison between the Leodysian prophet messenger and John the prophet messenger who preceded Jesus' first coming. The people in John's day mistook him for the Messiah. Now these are the believers. These aren't the actual unbelievers. These aren't the religious zealots. The ones who are the theologians that just scoffed and said whatever. Not the unbelievers. These are the believers. The people mistook him for the Messiah. Messiah. John 1:19 to20. And this is the record of John when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask, "Who art thou?" And he confessed and denied not, but confessed, "I am not the Christ." Now this last day prophet messenger will have such power before the Lord that there will be those who mistake him for the Lord Jesus. And and I'm I'm I'm this year I was able to go and see where some of this actually took place from the ministry of William Marryiam Brham in uh the Battlefords. There was a deity spirit that came out and it's interesting because it manifested in the 60 6162 region in that area. But he said, "Listen, if you do that with me and my ministry, then you make me antichrist because I am not him. I am only preparing the way for him. I was only standing there when he came." But the thing of it is, if you do that with me, you make me an antichrist. And and because of that, I take myself off the field until you guys straighten it out. And he did for a short while. Took himself off the field. And they did correct it. They did try to anyways. But sometimes you start these things and they just can't be stopped. A and nothing you can really do about it after that. It's too late. They're spirits, but they're anointed spirits. And if a spirit like that gets on a person, it's terrible. And we know that spirit's still alive. We know the spirit of John the Baptist is still alive. There's people that still follow the teachings of John the Baptist. They have not decided to actually let go of that and go on. They say it's a safe spot to be. And and maybe it is. Maybe there's some people that want to actually just get involved with the deity spirit and believe that William Brham was a version of Christ and to some extent he was. But like he said very well he wasn't the fullness. He talked about it in this way that you could take a spoonful of water out of the ocean and you'll have all of the elements of that ocean in a spoonful. And that was what brother Brham had. He had a spoonful of the ministry of Jesus Christ in his life. He was only here to introduce Jesus Christ. He was only here to fulfill scripture. And we're only here to actually love Jesus Christ. We're only here to be his bride. We're only here to fulfill that portion of scripture for us, too. We're all here because of Jesus Christ. But he says there will be a spirit in the world at the end time that will seduce some and make them believe this. Matthew 24:24-26, for there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. But we know that it's not possible because the very elect can't be deceived. Why not? Because she has the spirit of Christ. She has the Holy Ghost. And you will not deceive the Holy Ghost. It's just not possible. &gt;&gt; Because she has said, "Hey, the word of God says, let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. Be it unto me according to thy word. &gt;&gt; I think it's beautiful when we when we look at this this there will arise false Christ. There's going to be people, brother Bradom says it in many places in the message of the hour that stand before Jesus and say, "Lord, Lord, didn't we cast out devils in your name? Didn't we have mighty wonderful services and talk about all kinds of mysteries and have people healed and see all kinds of signs and wonders? didn't didn't we do that in your name? And he's going to say, I never even knew you. Now, remember the word new? No. In the Bible, it talks about something in a different way than maybe what we're seeing when we hear that word as as North Americans. It's actually an intimate relationship. I never knew you. And without that intimate relationship, brothers and sisters, we're going to miss it. But he says it, "Behold, I told you before. Wherefore, if they shall say unto you, Behold, he's in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he's in the secret chambers, believe it not." But don't you believe it. He is not Jesus Christ. He is not the son of God. He He's saying it here. He is one of the brethren, a prophet, messenger, a servant of God. He needs no greater honor bestowed upon him than that which John received when he was the voice that cried, "I am not he, but he is coming after me. I'll call the musicians." So I think it's important, brothers and sisters, he needs, he says this, his words here, and I believe this is why some people discount the church age book because it enables them to actually uplift whatever wacky thing they're promoting. He needs no greater honor bestowed upon him than that which John received when he was the voice that cried, "I am not he, but he is coming after me." Even though this book was grammarized by a theologian, this book was written by William Brham. &gt;&gt; And I I can't prove that to you. I I can only say I just believe. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's all I can say. &gt;&gt; I'm willing to stake my life on this book. This book is such a tremendous help for the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; But, you know, I'm I'm I'm going to get into this for sure in the future for sure. These divinely revealed mystery truths that will literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers without a doubt. Yes, I uh I just got excited when I got up here and I forgot to mention that we do have meetings this weekend. There's a meeting Saturday night at 6:00. We're going to have brother Danny Delmundo and then a regular service Sunday morning. And uh we've got a picnic on Sunday afternoon as well. And uh one more thing is uh I believe Sunday will likely be the last service that the Elagis will have with us here before they move to uh Nigeria. So if you get the opportunity to see them, by all means greet them and uh let them know that you love them and we'll miss them. Maybe stand with me as we close tonight. I'd also just like to thank sister Epha and brother Toby for that special. It was tremendous. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we love you tonight and we thank you for your word. We thank you Lord Jesus that you have divinely revealed mystery truths. And Lord Jesus, if we are able to understand them, it's only because you have chosen us in you to be able to understand them. If we can see them, it's because you've enabled us to see them. And Father, we don't puff ourselves up, Lord. We truly acknowledge the grace that you have given us, Lord, to be able to recognize this. Oh Lord Jesus, to be able to be a message believer is only because you called us in you before the foundation of the world, Lord. Not because somebody gave us a tradition or or a teaching, but because you chose us, Father. And we thank you for the choosing that you have done. Lord, help us to live a life that's worthy of this choosing. Help us to live a life that's worthy of this gospel, Lord Jesus, before the people in this world. We know that we are written epistles that are read of all men. It doesn't matter what we say. It really matters what we do. How we live our lives shows whose life is inside of us. Help us, Lord Jesus, to show this world that your life is inside of us. Father, tonight I just want to pray that if anybody has a need, Father, that maybe they just desire more of you or just have a question in their heart, Lord, sovereignly tonight, I pray that you would answer that need, that you would answer that question, Lord Jesus. If somebody longs for more of you, then Father, pour yourself out tonight, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, how we love you and we thank you for your goodness. Lord, we pray for those who couldn't be here tonight, wherever they are, whatever they're doing, Lord Jesus. We pray that you would just minister your grace unto them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, Father, we just ask that you would keep your hand upon us, Lord, as we go our separate ways. that &gt;&gt; if it's your will for us to gather again on Saturday, Lord, that you would just, Father, anoint us, Lord Jesus, with ears to hear what your spirit has to say to us through our brother. And Father, we just ask also that you would make his path straight, Lord. That you would give him traveling mercies. Be with our brother Danny, Father, and bring him here safely, Lord, with a fresh coal off the altar, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the praise. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And nothing I desire compares to you, Lord. You are, oh Lord, you are you're more precious than silver. And Lord, you are cross and go and Lord you are [Music] more beautiful [Music] than God. and nothing that I desire compared with you. Lord, you are making your confession tonight. Oh Lord, you are more precious than sin. And Lord, you are that [Music] beautiful. more beautiful than God and nothing that I desire compares with you. Can we sing? I lift your name. I lift your name. Your holy name. [Music] Yeah, that's the one. Start with the chorus. Oh, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Follow me. You're the great I am. My ris, my comfort and my king. [Music] Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. Oh, my name praise to your name. Oh Lord, I live your name. You're holy. [Music] Great. I am my reason. [Music] I come to my desire is to be filled with spirit and love. My purpose is to worship you alone. I open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance father to your home. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name, Jehovah God. You're the great I am the reason my God and my king. &gt;&gt; Can we sing how great is our God? How great is our God? The splendor of the king. Can't even imagine it. My the splender of the king [Music] in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it has to hide. &gt;&gt; And trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. [Music] And all can see he stands. [Music] An open book in hand reveals the son of man reveals the son of man. Uniting time has come. Amen. the bride and Christ are one. And soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. Hallelujah. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Amen. Unveiled before our eyes. The masterpiece of Christ. His love beyond compare. His love might. He chose himself. The bride. She was taken from his side to reign upon his throne. rain upon his throne. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. He's the name above all name. Worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Let's just sing this. Just our voices tonight. Oh, he's the name above all names. [Music] And you're worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great, how great is our God. One more time all together now. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How great is our God. [Music] How great. God bless you tonight. &gt;&gt; And all will see how great is our love. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Glory [Music] to you. [Music] Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
