################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - [2025-04-23pm] Wednesday Evening Service | Br. Andrew Bohannon - Br. Andrew Bohannon - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   [2025-04-23pm] Wednesday Evening Service | Br. Andrew Bohannon
Speaker: Br. Andrew Bohannon
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqWSC7ouMcs
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Morning. [Music] Thank you. Heat. Heat. [Music] And let's all stand. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Oh, let the poor say I am rich. Oh, let the blind say I can see. Oh, and what the Lord has done. Open the weak say I am strong. Oh, let your voice say I am. Oh, let the say I can see. Oh, what the Lord has done. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] never Jesus [Music] [Music] Jesus again to the river. [Music] I see you wash away. From the heavens mercies and of the sea [Music] grow from water into the sea of God. I will sing salation song for Jesus Christ. [Music] to [Music] save Jesus. Sing to the river. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Oh, I will sing song for Jesus Christ. Hosanana. [Music] [Music] Jesus to [Music] the Jesus. God and he chose your name. Hallelu. Aren't you glad he's alive tonight? I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. In all my things I'll be in your hand from the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will see of the goodness of God. Oh my faithful. Oh my so with every. Oh I will see the goodness of God. I love you. You have me through the fire. You know this. You are closer than no other. I know you. I know you. [Music] Oh, I grad. Oh my [Music] [Music] god. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is running [Music] out. I give you everything. Your goodness is running [Music] after me. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. Hallelujah. All my life. You have so so [Music] every single [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Can you say with all your heart tonight, this been good to you? Amen. What a wonderful grace to serve that kind of God. Amen. Brother Matthew, if you could just come and open our service in prayer tonight. [Music] Amen. Let's pray. Lord, we're thankful that we can just approach you this evening. Lord, as we would sing the song, your goodness, Lord, following after us truly, Lord, you've been looking out over our lives and you've been taking care of us. Lord, you look down through the portals of time and Lord, you predestinated us to be here. And Father, we're so thankful that your grace and your mercyy's been following us, Lord. As your scripture says that you work everything out for our good. So Lord, when things aren't going right and the storms are upon us and we are we're in trouble and we're not sure to turn left or to turn right, Lord, we know that your goodness is following us and that you're you're making wrongs right and you're making everything work out to our good. Lord, what a what a confidence that gives us, Lord, to know that you're working everything out for our good, Lord. Even even the bad decisions we make and when we make the wrong turn, Lord, your grace is so powerful. It works the permissive right back into its perfect. How wonderful it is to be called your children, Lord. To have a loving father who's looking out for us, Lord, that's teaching us and correcting us and bringing us back into the way. Lord, we just pray that you'd have preeminence in the service, Lord, as we would sing these songs, Lord. May it just bring you glory and honor. May you be pleased just to uh walk amongst us, Lord. And may we just start to open up our hearts and just lay down all of our burdens and all of our wants and everything down at your feet and just ask that you'd just come and have your will, Lord. Have your way. Take the man of God. Use his lips to speak to us, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you all the praise, all the glory, and all the honor. Lord, there's needs that are represented here, Lord. Lord, we know that that by the preaching of the word, you can minister to those needs. We'll be careful to give you all the glory and honor in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Welcome everyone in the house of God. All our visitors, if you could turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. May I have your seats? Oh, once like a bird in prison I dwell with and all freedom from my sorrow I f Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad you have victory tonight? Amen. We have some requests up here. Amen. Sister Ella, right? says I asking prayer for my grandpa. He's been s suffering from uh verticulitis for some time. He also having a pacemaker put in soon and certainly want to lift him up in prayer that the Lord will touch him. Amen. Amen. Um there's another one. God bless you asking prayer for my son Gri Jr. who's at home not feeling well. Sudden you want to lift him up. Amen. that the Lord will touch his body and make him well. I know uh Ben is also not here, not feeling well. I texted it and Amen. I just pray that we'll all come together and pray for them that the Lord will restore their strength. Amen. Amen. If you have need upon your heart, just lift your hand out to him. Amen. There's nothing like being in his presence. Amen. All things are possible to them that believe. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Matt Thomas, if you could just come and take this needs before the church. Amen. May I don't forget we have a youth meeting this coming Friday at 6:00 p.m. It will be at uh Brother David Junior's place. There was an a meeting sent out. So just uh if you can make an effort to come, we'll be certainly be appreciated. Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we sing praises unto you, Lord God, you're so worthy and we're just so grateful for the your goodness in our lives, Lord. How you're mindful, Lord, of all things. Lord, as I sat there and I saw so many hands raised and all the needs, Lord God, that are on the hearts of your people, Lord God, if they would have all been read, Lord, no doubt we'd still be listening to the long list. We're so thankful that you're inexhaustible, that your resources are unlimited, Lord. [Music] Lord, and that you paid one price, one time for all of it. Lord God, I just lift up all those unspoken needs unto you, Lord, and ask that you would move in everyone's life, Lord. That you'd bring to pass the thing that's on the people's heart, Lord God. Lord, that you draw us closer unto you, Lord. that you'd make a house call to grieve air. And the other ones, Lord, that are homesick. And Lord, I think of my father-in-law who's about to have a pacemaker put in. Lord, you're the creator of the heart, Lord God. Lord, we ask that your mercy would abound, Lord God, and that you'd be glorified in this situation, that all would be well, that peace would be restored, Lord, we just love you and ask Lord that you'd bless the tithes and the offering and Lord that your kingdom would advance in the perfect way that you desire it to. Lord God, may we we just lift it all up to you, committing it into your hands, Lord. There's no better hands that it could be in but yours. In Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask all [Music] this, man. And I'd like to just uh make an announcement. Uh what we'll do is uh before we get um before we get to the preaching, we would like to certainly hear those that have a testimony. Um and if you come up tonight, please just try to keep it as short as you can. Like I said, um Friday, it's going to be dedicated for testimonies for the youth. And Amen. So we'd like to do that just before we invite brother Andrew. would like to hear a couple of testimonies if we can. Amen. And then we'll do uh we'll hear the word. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that. Oh, draw me [Music] nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, old to the cross where thou has done a blessed Lord to thy preious [Music] song I have [Music] any [Music] to in the arms of faith. All that closer to the one I sold to the [Music] He will bless you Lord to thy [Music] preious. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. glor [Music] [Music] to the precious [Music] we don't have to worry and don't you be afraid. Oh my joy comes in the glory. Oh [Music] [Music] truth. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Take my [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] my way. Oh my hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad your life is? Amen. Amen. Man, who would like to be the first? Amen. Come on. Oh. be comfortable with that sometimes. I do want to give a a just a short testimony and keep it um just brief. But the Lord's so mindful of us. I we just went to camp and and uh on the way out the door were a little delayed because I was like, I should grab my fishing pole. It's a brand new fishing pole and and we're all in the car. We actually turned out I think almost under the block and I threw it in reverse and backed up and I ran inside and got a fishing pole and loaded up some lures and I and I put it in the car and the fishing pole that I took was one that um it was on sale at the Bass Pro Shop and normally like $200 on sale for 150 and and uh it had the lose reel on it that I'd been wanting for a couple years just to own a a luge reel and it I kind of was looking forward to using that. And when I was at camp, it was I believe Friday night something settled in my heart. I was like, you know, you haven't really used it while you're out here. It didn't materialize. You brought it for a reason. Maybe you know you could give it to somebody. And I said, "Well, I don't even know." I remember just going, "I don't even know who I would give it to. I don't know why." The Lord just kind of spoke to my heart. You'll know. And uh I forgot about it really. And uh it was on the way out of camp and this young boy, he come up to me and he says, "What did you get me for my birthday?" And I said, "I know exactly what I got you for your birthday." So I pull out that fishing rod and reel and it had the tags on it and everything still. And I put line on it and you know, I gave it to him. He was, "You don't know how much I love fishing." And and I was just my heart was happy. I knew I'd done the right thing. It was just I felt good. And and um the other day we're just out by Bass Pro Shop and I was like, "Well, I'm going to run in there and go ahead and get that combo again." I I did I was looking forward to that. And uh there was only there was two 7 foot 3inch rods and there was like, man, I wonder if that last one's there, you know, because I thought about buying both of them. And I I be on my way in I reached in my back pocket and there was the cash that was the cost of the rod and reel and I don't know how it got there. And I it was just another way the Lord just telling me you did the right thing. Um me and my wife were like what she's like 150. I don't know when the last time I had we couldn't figure out how the money got there. She's like always check your pockets before I wash them. And I knew it was the Lord but I just wanted to give him the praise for that. And Amen. He does things to just let us know we're doing the right things. And I I wanted to just read a scripture because this was a prevailing uh theme for me through that camp. And when we're praying, believing, this is Matthew 10:8. It says, "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely you have received, freely give." And um I know that I've been freely a recipient of his goodness, of his mercy, and of his grace. And in faith, I claim that promise that Lord, you've been good to me. You've told me to freely give. And I put that in motion. And uh I believe you just told me you can't outgive him. God bless you. Amen. That's certainly the the third best gift ever after salvation and wife fishing pole. You can't go wrong on that. Amen. God bless you, brother David. God bless you, saints. Um, I'll be really quick. Um, a little nervous. Excuse me. the week before the meetings, you know, I was going through a really tough time where the enemy was just fighting me. You know, kind of like you don't know what you're doing. You know, here you have someone's daughter, my wife, and you don't know where you're leading her. you know the meetings we had couples meeting which was really encouraging for me but it was just a battle that I was going in within myself and I started thinking you know kind of just thinking as if I've wasted some time you know I was up there in North Dakota there was a battle that I was fighting when I was there that I really wanted to come back I bought a car when I was there a newer car and they asked me to take an insurance on it. I didn't want to take any insurance. I was like, eh, it's new. What else could happen? What could go wrong? And one day, I was so in a state of depression, like just not knowing what to do. I started driving to run away from that place just to get away. And the car, the engine blew up. And that was kind of like really hard to navigate through for me. But then as I was there, you know, there was this voice that was telling me in my heart that you came in here for one purpose in this city for one purpose, for one soul, you know, and we were there with the brother, we will I will help with the church, you know, we'll help with the people. But then you but then you break into a space where you kind of just feel like you don't see that one thing that you are here for. It wasn't until I left, you know, when I was there, there was a young man that came in from the Congo and another one that's an Egyptian that we had ministered to and baptized. The Egyptian young man is actually in state here, you know, still talks to him about the gospel. He gave his life to Jesus, but he's not fully convinced that the message is, you know, this is how he has to follow. He just told me, "I ran to you here in Fargo because I wanted God." And after he got baptized, he disappeared. You know, it was quite weird for me. And then there was another young man, Daniel, that came in. You know, he was just very confused and things. And we started speaking to him about the gospel. He was baptized. My testimony as far as this last weekend goes. You know, I was up there maybe a month ago to clean out my apartment that I had up there and he approached me. He told me what he was going through and we prayed with him and everything. And then I invited him. We have a youth meeting coming up. Can you come? And you know it was like I don't feel it. This is what's going on in the family in life. I feel like giving up and this is the stage where I'm going at I spoke with him about this so I can share a little bit and as he was going through that time you know we prayed with him and then he came to the meeting after the meeting I didn't want to tell him tell me how everything was going but as I was speaking with him after the meeting he was just telling me something changed in my life David you know just that one change that once something just happened. I know it started happening, but really something new happened in my life. And as we was driving home, you know, that one voice that told me, "This is the reason why you came to Fargo, you know, if it was as if that voice was speaking to me again, you know, and this is that one person you went there for, you know." Um, I don't know. He just he made me feel so humble, you know, to know that God can put you through a certain situation where you feel like you don't know what you're doing for years and years and years just for one soul, you know, and um really glad that he was able to meet the Lord at the meeting. Um that's testimony really encouraged me. Another one is I was having pain in my back. Uh my shoulders was hurting because of some task that I was doing. that's kept on imbalancing my shoulder that this side was hurting. Believe I spoke with one of my brother here. I was like, "Brother, pray for me." But when we went through the meeting, we had prayed for it. And the Lord was, you know, I will say I had a surgery that night because as I was sleeping in the middle of the night, I woke up this whole side of my body was as if it was paralyzed and I started crying. My wife was praying for me was like we believe in God. She said some prayer and when I woke up in the morning, not only that because they had the blood wasn't really going at night. I thought it was weird after going through a prayer line then going home instead of things getting better. It got worse just at night. And she prayed for me in the night and in the morning I woke up. My whole body just felt strong and until now, you know, feels strong. Praise God. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I love to see when the Lord move and touches people. You know, we know a soul, one soul is worth a thousand world. Amen. 10,000 world. That's why, Amen. We want to see people on fire. I went to camp and I I really wanted a revival in my life and I wanted the joy of the Lord back in my heart and Thursday evening I knelt down was praying there at the altar. I really feel the Lord gave me the joy of the Lord back in my heart and a real revival in my life. So being prayer for me I don't just want to lose that. I want to keep that. really want to grow in the Lord and I just whenever you all pray remember me in prayer. God bless you all. [Applause] Amen. Who's next? God bless you. I'm going to give two testimonies. Uh so about in 2023 I worked with this organization that was federally funded. Uh we had to assist people who came out of Afghanistan and one of the guys that I was working with very smart guy. So one time he came to me before I even reached to the office he called me. He said hey Alons I really want to talk to you. Said okay. So he gets to the office and then tells me that something had happened between him and his wife and the police was involved. And considering that he was an immigrant, I understood that the situation was going to be very difficult for him. But while I was talking to him, I told him, I just want to ask you one question. And he said, okay, go ahead. I said, "The things that the police is accusing you of between you and your wife, did that really happen?" And he said, "No, it didn't happen." I said, "Okay, if it didn't happen, then I'll talk to God about it for you." So, since I was very busy at the office, I had this habit of uh waking up around 3:00 a.m. in the morning, kind of give God worship and reading my Bible. And this time I am praying and I just heard inside my heart um I didn't hear a voice that I could say I heard a voice but just inside my heart I had that conviction as if someone had spoken to me while I was praying for him of course. So the voice told me go tell him that his situation has been taken care of. So as I'm sitting in the office one random time again he calls me. Um I wasn't really serving him because the position I had was very different but I was just easy to talk to as some people said. So he called me again and he said hey if you if you are at the office I really want to come and talk to you. I said okay. So he would come and I would find just a pop in the room and we would sit inside and talk and he would tell me how much nervous he is. Anxiety, depression, um social services here have already moved his wife out of the house. She's pregnant. She's about to give birth. This is really so much for him. Uh he's working so many hours just to keep himself busy. So I told him, "Well, uh you do know that I'm not Muslim." and he said, "Yeah, I know you're not Muslim." And I told him, "Well, I was praying for you and God told me to tell you that your situation has been taken care of." Um, this is a Muslim person, right? So, he looks at me and says, "Thank you so much. I believe that what you're saying is going to happen." I said, "No, it's not about me. God just told me to tell you this situation is going to be taken care of." Um, few months went by and I really forgot about it. We would talk but talked about other things. So this one time he comes to the office and then he tells me how his job is going very well. Is actually making almost 10,000 a month. He's very happy. So um I'm I'm thinking in my heart I'm like okay so uh did you just call me for that? Is there anything else? But I didn't really ask him. So, at some point he just looks at me and says, "Oh, by the way, there's something I needed to tell you." I'm like, "What is it?" He said, "Well, um, the prosecutors told me the case has been there is no charge like they told him, so I'm good." I'm like, "Um, is that what they told you?" So, I'm fixing to ask him, "Do you remember I had told you this was going to happen?" So as I'm thinking about it and he looks at me and says, "I know what you're thinking about." I said, "What is it?" He said, "You're about to ask me if you did not tell me about this." So that was really a moment of joy, both of us in the office. People just saw us so crazy. But I was very happy for him because I knew it was uh he was a young family in this country and he was working so hard to kind of move on for from the situation that they were in. So I was really happy happy for him to see that someone who's a Muslim uh God gave him the opportunity to see what Jesus could do in his life. So I kind of ask him now from now on you have no reason to not believe that Jesus is God. This is now only you. Um so that is just someone we can keep praying for. Uh I'll move on to my second testimony. So in the same job uh about one year uh before today about one year um a group of people that I usually pray with reached out to me and said uh God says that you should save more because there's something coming on your way. I wasn't sure of what that was going to be. So I just kind of took a little bit precautions in ways that I was doing things. But until about October or September, um I saw myself and my part of my team, we were sitting in this hallway where we usually would have meetings and in that hallway um I saw us being let go. So I so telling me, oh no, thank you for everything you did for us and uh we have to let you guys go because I mean it it wasn't very clear for me until couple months ago. So I'm going to explain that. But that's what I saw and in my dream I also saw that I was being called back to come work and I said no I don't want to come back. So I didn't understand the dream itself until about February 11th of this year. Uh one random day at the office uh we just get an email saying oh guys come in the town hall there's something going on and then it was like okay you guys know that we are fedally funded uh the new administration is holding the money so we were not going to be able to keep everybody uh it's nothing wrong but it's just what we have to go through. So I saw my director, my managers, my CEO, they were all in the room giving all these speeches. Um, and they were trying to encourage us. So I started going around and just encouraging my team members. Um, the people who worked on my team, telling them, "Hey guys, uh, God will take care of this. Uh, don't worry about it. Everything is okay." So at some point I just see my director coming to me and she's like you you seem just fine or what's going on? I'm like well um God God gave me the opportunity to saw to see this coming and she got very interested. She asked me uh so what happened? I said well the way I saw it is that we had our block now I knew what we were talking about now. I was able to say, "I saw that we had a block in our findings, but at some point you guys were able to call us back, but I said no." And she looked at me and she was like, "Why did you not come?" I said, "Well, I don't know, but when you guys called me, I said no." So about three weeks, maybe four weeks ago, uh I think brother brother Gary I had a package that I asked to give the pastor to pray over for me uh on that package. So I wasn't planning to meet with the the pastor. Uh but I gave him the package. I was just expecting that no everything I had prepared in there where I was going to submit it. I just wanted him to pray over it. uh he was just going to pray over the package and then send it back to me or give it to brother Gary Gary and brother Gary was going to give it back to me. But the pastor insisted that he wanted to see me. Well, after church I went in his office. We talked a little bit. It's only after I talked with him then I knew why I was going to say no when they will call me. And while we were talking we talked about what was in the package. I explained him everything and he said, "Okay, we'll pray about it." Um, and he said to me, he asked me, "Why do you want to do such and such thing?" I said, "Well, what I'm doing is because I'm looking at other job opportunities that requires me to do such and such thing." And then we talked about what what I used to do. And he tells me, "Oh, no, you shouldn't be working with those people." Um, I said, "Okay." That's when I knew why when they would call me, I would say no. So that was Sunday evening and the next Monday as I was home I get a call from my manager. So I saw her call but I didn't want to talk. So I said okay I'm not going to pick up this phone. Uh she called a few times and finally I decided to call her back. So I called her back and I said hey Jean hi how are you? Like oh I just wanted to make sure that I reach out to you. I know you told us that when we will call you uh by the way this is now us calling you because I had told him about what I had seen and he said well we will be calling you but I just want you to know that you can come back uh we have all the funds you will keep your position and everything and then I said well um God had told me that you will call me and I think I shared this with you so I'm not going to come back uh so I'm right now, not doing anything. Thank God for giving me a heads up, telling me to save more, and I was able to do that. But I'm also grateful that he was able to keep me from being worried when many people were worried and struggling. Um, I'm thankful that he gave me the opportunity to be out of the storm. Thank you. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Can we get one more? Just remember, be mindful of time. We'll have brother Andrew come up. Somebody else. Okay, God bless everybody. I'll make it quick. Um, just wanted to take this opportunity to give God the glory for uh, full recovery um, even before it's fully manifested. But for those that don't know, on March 1st, I had an accident where I tore my ACL and some other stuff. Um, but I had surgery last Monday and they fixed it and so I'm recovering and just wanted to take this opportunity to testify and thank everybody that has poured out into my home helping out meals. I cannot um say how much that is so appreciated. um all the the check-in and all of that stuff has been magnificent. Um so just wanted to thank the church for their support and give God glory for full [Applause] restoration. Amen. Brother Adrian Thank you. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Um, I didn't know I was going to be doing this here today because I didn't even know we had had the opportunity to give testimonies. Um, I was standing there in the closet and the spirit just told me, "Why don't you testify about what happened?" This was about This happened two years ago, about two years ago on New Year's Eve. And um I I don't know why I came over, man. to my wife, why don't we ever testify about what God does in our life? And uh just standing there, I started remembering two years ago, it was on New Year's Eve and um we're praying over dinner and it was during that time that my wife is, as you all know, she's been having, you know, just physical battles with the enemy. And uh it was during that time it was real difficult. She was really sick and we were praying over the our meal and my daughter Aaliyah, she starts throwing up. So, she throws up once, you know, right after praying, she goes to the restroom, throws up and then uh we're like, "Wow, that's weird." 5 minutes later again. 5 minutes later again, she started she starts throwing up and throwing up and throwing up and I'm looking, okay, what do what do we do? which was my mother-in-law, my wife, and my baby, and my other baby. So, it was a real difficult time because you, a lot of you know that we've been going through these fights, and I'm thinking, "So, what do I do? It's New Year's Eve, you know? It's just something really difficult." And she keeps throwing up. We don't know what to do. So, I get in the car and I start going toarmacies trying to find find something to stop her from throwing up. And I just see my baby curled up in a blanket. you know, right next to me and I'm driving around. I go into the Walgreens and I don't want to leave her in the car. So, she gets off with me and I'm thinking my wife is sick at home like really bad and I don't know what to do. And um so I'm, you know, I'm I start driving to Cooks and we live in Cedar Hill. So I start driving to Cooks and I'm driving and then it starts raining and uh and then I'm thinking, what's going on? What is this? it. This voice just comes to me and says, "Is this it? Everybody's out celebrating. Your brothers and sisters are in church receiving the new year and you're driving to the hospital by yourself while your wife is sick." And at that moment, um, I just I could just remember, Brother Brandon, what he went through. And I just thought in my heart something just came to me and said, "He giveth and he will take it and he will be with us no matter what." And at that moment I was about to break down because I said this is it. This is not this can't be it. This can't be God. This can't be the way. This not and something in me just said, "No, this is it. And you're going to drive and you're going to go to the hospital." And we got to the hospital and uh you know I I took the my baby in and then they checked her in and they put her in a room and and and and and we were sitting there for hours and hours and all of a sudden she just stopped throwing up and they checked her. She's got nothing. Okay, she's got nothing. I'm still sitting there. I'm still worried about my wife and and uh at the end they they couldn't find anything. But, you know, it it was just something really hard that, you know, all this time, you know, you think about what God does in our lives and just I remember just driving to the hospital and looking at my daughter and just seeing her all curled up just the enemy just right on top of you. And then you, you know, we heard a message uh a sermon, brother Matthew, uh, anointed for the job. Are we joint anointed for the job? We certainly are. And we don't know it. We definitely don't know it. But we know that he has anointed us. He has given us what we need. We don't know when it's going to happen, how it's going to happen. But God in that moment, he said, "You're going to drive and you're going to keep going and I'm with you no matter what. He has never left us." And brothers and sisters, he's always going to be with us. In the worst of times, he has been with us when in I've seen it in in the worst of times. and the people that you love who are in there in pain and they're suffering and you see him in the bed, you know he's with us and he's always going to be with us. And brothers and sisters, I didn't know this was going to be a testimony night. He just came up and I was in the closet and he said, "Why don't you go testify about this?" And I wasn't even going to do it because I said, "No, this is about There you go. The enem is there. You know what for? This is about the camp. You have nothing to testify about. It's for someone." Amen. because the Lord put it in my heart to come and give you that testimony that even in the worst moment, there's a reason that we hear what brother what God has done in brother Brennham's life so that when we're in that moment, he reminds us, I've prepared you for this. Look at what I've done. And he did it for us and he's going to do it for forever until until we're up in glory. God bless you all. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Just want to apologize. It was supposed to be for campus. I guess I didn't specify that, but I certainly enjoy all the testimonies. We'll probably need a night where we'll have as many testify as possible. Let's all stand at this time. Amen. Amen. Is the God of miracles. He w if we can only recognize and see him walking around us every day, we'll see that he loves us and he guides us and he's with us every day. Amen. Key of F. Amen. Oh, reach out and touch the [Music] Lord as he passes by. All you find is not to be easy to hear God's cry for his power. Sing by this moment your [Music] [Music] sto and touch the Lord. Oh Christ. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Reach out and touch the [Music] Lord. Amen. Let's bow our heads together for a moment. Our precious Lord, here we are. Lord, by your grace, Lord, wanting to, oh God, do that which is pleasing to you. Lord, we've heard requests for prayer. We've heard testimony. Lord, you've heard the hearts of your children, Father, and our gathering together is for the preaching of the word. And so, as we commit this little time of fellowship once again to you, we pray that, oh God, your word would be the dynam dynamic force that causes the change in our heart. Lord, we need you to speak to us, Lord, in the season that we're in. And father, as we take a little time, Lord, it's not quantity, but it's quality. Lord, I pray you'd speak to every heart, every need. Lord, be magnified, be lifted high up above all the problems, all the confusion. Lord, will your Holy Spirit come and dissolve any doubt about the message that it's thus sayeth the Lord for every believer as we commit ourselves to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Well, we won't keep you standing. I I just uh I thank the Lord because I mean, I'll testify myself and uh I'll say this. I was asked to kind of help facilitate the leadership of the camp. And you know, there's times where you just totally feel insufficient. And I thank God that he's he's there to lead us. And you know God's like in your situation and uh your circumstances in life you know if you just let the love of God lead you you know and let God even search your own heart and you know as he tries us and he does different things you find out that God's inside of there if you can get past yourself get past all your doubt and the way that you think the situation is and you just you just take another step right and so I thank God that you know the people that needed to come volunteered appeared. I know that there was situations where um things were like moving parts and so people that were going to be a part of the trip, not everybody could go and then we had some additions. So anytime there's a little bit of an adjustment to have, you know, and that's what it's like with the Christian life in life, we always want to make little adjustments, you know, we don't want to be so rigid that it's got to be this way, the way I planned it. And you know, that's what I think it's it's like uh Jesus even told the parable. He said, "You cannot put new wine in old wine skins." You know, the old wine skins were from the years before and the times before and they got a little crusty and they they couldn't hold the wine. And and so there's something about our experiences that God wants to pour himself into us. He wants to pour fresh man, fresh revelation. And so we don't want to be rigid. We don't want to be stiff and starchy. We want to be flexible that the spirit of God can move on us and give us new revelation and give us life. And there's a lot of times we're so filled up with what we had yesterday that God wants to pour on something new upon us, but we can't seem to make the adjustment. But I say, "Hey, let's be flexible to the spirit." I love how God is testifying from our brother and how God deals because that's how it's going to be for you. You're going to be in your life situation and circumstance and all the go God's going to put something on your heart to go pray for somebody. You know, all of a sudden it it it doesn't matter the outcome. It's just that you're faithful what God put on your heart. You want to keep that channel pure and clean and just move when he says move. Leave the outcome to him. Even if they don't want to glorify God, God is going to have somebody there that'll witness that Jesus Christ is present and alive today. Don't you love the Lord? I'll say it like this. The vans, all of the people that drove, the chaperrons, the counselors, God bless you. Thank you so much. I could see the hand of God orchestrating. I didn't have to put my stamp on it. I didn't have to do anything. I just watched God orchestrated. I saw God moving. And just even in the camp, thank you young people for shining the light. You know what? Your life makes a difference. You know, you're a reflection of what this message produces. You're the fruit of this message. So, keep striving forward. Keep going forward. Praise the Lord. Well, I I just tell you, I don't know how to I don't know how to go from this place, but you know what? Maybe if you'll just turn with me in uh Psalms 105. Yeah, just speak from my heart tonight and just trust the Lord. Psalms 105:1 says, "Give thanks unto the Lord and call upon his name. Make known his deeds among the people." I believe that's what happened tonight. You may have your seats. Amen. You know, there's something about sharing the goodness of God from your heart. Amen. You know, I tell you, there's a lot of people in this world, they want to share their gloom and doom and all of their mistakes and they want to share all their failures and their faults and their complexes and the past. But my God said in his word, "Give thanks unto the Lord and call upon him his name and make known the deeds among the people." I'll just say it like this. I I want to testify of something and it was just brought to my remembrance and I just tell you, I don't know who's going to need it here, but I tell you it it's something that we serve a God that is supernatural. Our God is on the scene to do miracles. He's here to do for you what you have need of. God has always done for me what I couldn't do for myself. Don't never let me get to a place where I think I can do something that for myself on the supernatural level. But God always does it by his word. He does it by faith in his word. And I remember there was a time when we were much younger and my wife and I, we had, you know, little ones running around. I tell you, there's one thing about a child. When you have a child and I believe Brother Adrian was testifying of his child, there's something about it. When when your baby can't breathe, your baby can't grasp a breath, there's something attacking your child. And as as a parent, God wants to train you as as to be able to entrust your children unto him. And if it's just a physical something, if it's just a natural something, well, well, we need to be able to trust their soul. And so sometimes God will take you and take the situation and and let it be. Oh, you could see the hand of God in the natural. I thank God for that because I'm that simple. I don't have complex ways of thinking. I do in some other ways, but when I could see it in the natural, it shows me the spiritual. And I was fellowshipping with brother Tommy over the weekend and I thought to just share this testimony because you might have need of it because if God's done something for somebody, he'll do it for the next person if they take the same approach. And so I'm here to tell you like I remember when my my boy he was going through a fit and he couldn't breathe. And then it just seemed like it the same repeat of what happened with my boy happened to my my Abigail. And so I remember it was late at night. This was a number of years ago maybe eight years ago or nine. And we were going through the same thing. Here I am. I've been here before. You ever feel like that? I've been here before. And but just has something has to come in memory just like it says in verse eight. He hath remembered his covenant forever, the word which he commanded to thousands generations, which the covenant that he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac, and confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant, saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaa, and the lot of your inheritance. Amen. I just thought about that while I was in there. listening to the the testimonies. But but anyway, I was there at the emergency care. It's 2:00 in the morning and here I am. I'm feeling it. You know, the enemy would just he thinks he's got you whooped when you start getting terrorized. You know, and you get to seeing all the symptoms, my you get you get to thinking the worst. And here we are. we're going through it and we're at the the the clinic, my wife and I, and it's two, three in the morning. You're not even thinking straight. You're just, you know, all of a sudden, you know, you've tried everything you can. You've prayed, you committed her to the Lord, but it's time to move to the hospital. And we're there at the urgent care that was by the house. And I could just remember my daughter all bundled up, can't hardly breathe, just terrorized. And of course, the doctor's there. He ain't your friend. He ain't your friend. He's there. and he's just going he he's trying to deal with it the best that he can, too. But a lot of times, it's just part of the test. I mean, they know how to put the the fear kibos on you. It's like, whoa. And all of a sudden, I'm thinking, I'm an adult and and he's saying in front of my daughter and and you know, I just I was just thinking to myself, well, that's not right. And all of a sudden, you know, that anger that someone talked about recently, the fire of God, something started bellowing forward, you know, and I said, "Wait a minute." You know, and they they said, "We need to get her uh right away to Cook's children." And they they wanted to do all this stuff to her. And I'm like, "Okay, wait a minute here." They they even showed us on the DVD the X-ray, and they said it's pneumonia and all kinds of other stuff. And I'm just thinking to myself, I'm looking at my wife and I'm just like, "Wait a minute. We got a God. We're believers." Like, "Oh, uh, you know what? Okay. All right. You know what? You're saying we got to go." And and they wanted to take my daughter away from me to take her to the emergency room in an ambulance. And then they didn't want me to go. And I was like, "No." Okay. This is where I'm drawing a line here. And I just remember telling them, I said, "Whatever it takes, I will take her straight there, but I'm not going to leave her in her." Her blood pressure was like at 180, 190. I was like, they're like, "No, it's okay. It's not." I'm like, "No, it's not. I'm looking at my daughter and you're terrorizing her." And all of a sudden, I just said, "Okay, we'll take her." And they're like, "Well, you're going to have to sign a waiver of responsibility and all this kind of stuff." I said, "Whatever I got to do. I'm willing to go to jail for this. This is my daughter. She's mine and the devil ain't going to bluff me out of what's mine. Don't let the devil bluff you out of what is yours. You're a son and daughter of God. This is the season of resurrection. The life of Christ is coming back into the body of Christ. You are called to be a son and daughter. Rise up and shine to the glory of God. The devil's trying to get us off our ground, but we could stand on the word and believe for the promises. You want to see the righteousness of Christ living? You want to see the integrity, the honesty, it's here for you. It's here for me. Praise the Lord. And I just said, "Okay." They called ahead. We took the CD that they showed us the screen of her lungs with demonia and all that kind of stuff. We went over there and I was just like, "Okay." So, we got there. We waited an hour, two hours, whatever. They tried to get us in real quick. We tell them the story. By this time, you know, things, the nerves and everything kind of settled because we were just telling her the love of the Lord and how God is just dealing and you know how it creates an atmosphere. You know, your words create an atmosphere that others can come underneath that and rise up in the power of your testimony, the power of the words that you speak in the midst of your trial can create a world that others can live in. And so as we were there, I was just talking with my wife, just believing that God's going to work a miracle. And sure enough, when they came back, they they they told us that they looked at the DVD, the CD, whatever it was, and they said, "It's clear. There's nothing on it. You can go home." So within 30 minutes or an hour, we were released. You tell me that God isn't supernatural. You tell me that God's not mindful of his children. Sometimes we just don't want to go through the test, but you came here for the test. You came here to be tried and to, you know, it's not just to prove to Satan that you're a son or a daughter of God, restored back to full authority and privilege as a joint heir with Christ. The test is for you to recognize your sunship. It's nothing that you had to do or I did or didn't do. It was the call of God. It was God's fornowledge. It was his election. He was determined to raise you up to defeat your Goliath, your devil, your the the one that's making his boast on you. The one that keeps bluffing at you, saying there's no way you're going to make it, but I've already made it. God's already finished the work. God is undefeated. Yes, sir. And he's my God, and he's living in me. Thank God for that. We're the privileged people to know Christ in the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his suffering. You mean there's God on the inside there? I didn't have to say it. He said it. By predestination, he planted a seed of himself. Oh, one of these days we're going to shake off all of this carnality and that which is on the inside will be in full plain view. You will be known as you are known. My we're coming to it. Praise God. Well, this is not what I was planning on sharing with you, but we're here. And I thank God because the moment you start talking about the goodness of God, he shows up. You can talk about him at work and you can tell about faith in Jesus Christ. You know, there's times where people, they look at you and they go, "There's something special about them, but I can't put my finger on it." And you can try to tell them it's about the word. It's about Jesus Christ resurrected. But you know what? Sometimes all people can do is just grab a hold of something and you want to work with their faith because God honors faith, right? Hey, if all you can believe is that doctor's heal and you're going to be well, praise God. I want you to be well, I want you to prosper and be in good health. You know, I I want the attitude that God has towards humanity. I don't want my fallen nature to try to blend into my message theology. I want the mind of Christ to be so on the front. How is that possible, brother Andrew? You're talking like you know something. It's not that I know something but I know him. And to know him as life. When you can know his feeling towards the sick. When you know his feelings towards the lost. Oh my. You just act. You're just walking cuz you know what he did for you. You know how merciful he was with your surgery. You know that he's done it for our sister uh uh Gabriella's father. She he had a had a heart transplant. God was merciful. We look at the testimonies. We can go on down the line down the line. How much more is going to God going to take care of our sister father? You know, God can snap his finger and it be gone. But praise God, we want we want more. We want them to see the love of God. How can they see it? We'll go through something for a while and you'll see how God's endearing is. He's longsuffering and he's patient. Oh, he takes pleasure in providing. He loves the fellowship of his suffering. Amen. And then it also it's an opportunity to shine the light and the love of Christ. Amen. Well, my we just might close here in just a little bit. I I don't want to hold you too long, but you know, is everybody feeling okay? You know, it's just uh you know, when you get to thinking about the goodness of God, it it makes you want to go rejoice and makes you want to testify and tell somebody that God's not dead. You know, he's not in a tomb. sir. Amen. You know, I think about when the story was said that Jesus Christ when he was resurrected, he appeared many days on earth and he even had fellowship and had meals. Oh my, do you realize one day before the change, the dead in Christ will rise first? You're going to end up, it's going to be a repeat. No doubt. You're going to see people and you might not know their name now, but on that day you'll say, "There's this brother and there's that brother and there's this person." All the dead in Christ shall rise first and then we'll meet him in the air. Amen. Are you looking for that day? I'm looking for that day. Amen. Well, I don't know how to turn a corner, but maybe we'll just try to close in the next 10 minutes if it's possible. So I I think God bless you, brothers. Amen. Yeah, we see some visitors. You know, we just we're so grateful that we're all a family of God. Doesn't really matter where you come from as far as country or uh different origins of life. But when you're the firstborn, you're family. Amen. But you know, I got to thinking about something and I was going to minister a thought. We'll just save it for next time. But maybe if I'll just kind of maybe give just a little bit of a preview of what you know, brother Brandham made a statement. And I was listening to this message that was preached um on this day in 1961 and it was called Abraham and his seed after him. You know, brother Bham gives a wonderful depiction. Well, hey, there it is. He said like that speaker over there and that speaker. He said that's like Abraham. I don't know if y'all can all see that speaker. That's what I was. So this is like Abraham and this is like his seed after him. So when God made the covenant with Abraham, he made it with his seed after him. So whatever God did through Abraham, he does it with the faith seed, the royal seed after him. So, if you go study his life, and we were going to go through some of that tonight, but just can't seem to break into that just yet. But I'll just say it like this. When you look at what God did, God in Genesis 12, he called him and he ended up saying to the Lord said unto him, "Get thee out of a country and thy from thy kindred and from thy father's house." And this is Genesis 12 1. But he says, "Unto a land that I will show thee, and I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing, and I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee, and it shall and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed." Well, I got to rejoicing at that because if this was Abraham and this is his seed after him, right? And you're his faith seed if you're in Christ. If you're born again, you're Abraham's faith seed. Right? And so what God did for Abraham is he told him, he said, "Now get thee out of thy country and from thy kindred." You know, and many times when we go to camps or we have special meetings or something really supernatural happens with a person where faith can anchor, it dissolves the doubt whether you're a son or a daughter of God in that season, that moment. And then there's this cycle that I've noticed that happens where someone would say, "Well, I'm I'm in a state of justification." You know, justification is the reality that God chose you. You didn't choose God. God by his call, he called you before you were ever good enough, before you ever thought you could be religious or any of that. It's justification because he called you. And sanctification just be like if this vessel was uh emptied. Sanctification just comes and cleanse out the the vessel for service, right? And so people you you you realize there's stages of what brother Brand calls stages of grace that the believer goes through. And if you ever study and read the story of Abraham, you can see yourself in the story because if he dealt with a Abram and Abraham the same way as he's dealing with you, you can kind of look and see where you're at in the journey. And I think about, you know, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, right? And many people wonder, well, did I receive it? you know, is it for me? What what would it look like if it was in me? And so many times I think that people have the inside something already leading them, but they question it, right? And because they're expecting something other than what the message teaches. But I say if we go in and we're taught right by the word of God, we can recognize these things. We can recognize the enemy when he comes and tries to bring doubt and defeat us. But my thinking about you know brother Bam talking about the manifestation of the gifts and the and and then coming to a place you know we we believe in gifts. Amen. We believe in the gifts you know we believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost to live a sanctified holy consecrated life. But you know whenever a person comes to the new birth you know it's like many times people when they read the scripture they they say you know as a as a son when you're born into a family you don't have rights to to be you're not a full heir of the promise yet because as Paul taught he says the the the son is no different than a servant until he comes to a certain maturity a certain conduct a certain well let's just talk about it a little bit. But there's got to be a separation from all unbelief, right? God, he wants to bring us to a condition of heart that we know that it's the inside soldier, the inside teacher. He's taking us to a place where we can recognize the word of God. We can recognize Satan's attacks on our lives and we can say, "Wait a minute. Now God's bringing me to a maturity." And that Holy Spirit, that tutor, because God wanted the best teacher, the tutor that can go report back and say, "You know what? your children, you know, they're doing exactly like I did when I was here, you know, and so that's that's what we want to recognize is that the the tutor, the indwelling of the spirit was to bring us to a place of adoption, you know. Thank God that we're in this place in this hour, in this season, that God's wanting to bring us to a place, a public place and perform the ceremony of adoption, you know, and I can't perform that for you. It takes God in you. It takes a season. It takes growing. We must grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. And you know, we just want to go through whatever God wants to bring us through to bring us to that place. Amen. Well, I think we're getting close to a close now, and I'll just be real short, but you know, I got to thinking how good it is. Uh, yeah. I don't know if I'll get any, you know, and maybe I'll read this one quote out of this um message and I was just listening to it today, but it's in paragraph um 64 in this message called Abraham and the seed after him preached in um 1961. But he says, "Now Abram did not fully obey God until he fully obeyed God. He never did confirm the covenant to him." So, isn't that interesting that God, as you can read there, there's there's there's a desire, I believe, for our hearts to know to know without a shadow of doubt that God is in us. that God what he promised as far as being a joint heir with Christ. But sometimes the confusion I believe for us is well what's what's my part and what's God's part? Does it seem like that sometimes many times even in the preaching sometimes it seems almost in our minds contradictory like well what part am I supposed to do and what part has God already done? And so, you know, the the justification of God is God's choosing. And so, if we'll go into Romans and Romans 8, and I definitely am not going to try to read any of this because I feel like I'm just going to pull back on that. So, but in Romans 8, we'll read verse five. Romans 85. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. But to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. But if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raisesth up Jesus from the dead dwelleth in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors. Well, I'm going to stop right there and just as something's coming to my mind, you know, it says we are debtors. Do you know you're a debtor? You know, this is the thing. If we're looking at what was God's part in the thing like you cannot pay the price what he did at Calvary, right? So let's if there's any confusion, your debt has been paid for your soul and also for what God promised. God promised that he would bring you to a place of perfection by his word, by the spirit of his word. And so but we are debtors. You know, when you think about Abraham and what God he made that covenant, he said, "Whoever will bless you will be blessed and whoever curses you will be cursed." Now, think about this. You are joined errors of that word. So if you and I know you believe it, but I'm going to talk to your mind for a minute because that word can pierce past your past, your past way of thinking because a lot of times you go to work and it's the same people or you go to school, it's the same people that you deal with and you got this big track record. You got this history and all of a sudden we go through this mental battle where it says, "Well, they didn't treat me right. They didn't do me right." And so we have this preloaded script. But I want to tell you tonight that whoever you you whoever blesses you will be blessed. You know, isn't it something that one of the things that you know we're taught by our prophet is this the best thing that you can sell say to somebody is what? God bless you. Like if you can say oh prosperity and honor and joy and all these things well that's okay. But if God blesses you, if by my word and God could come behind his covenant and God bless you, then you'll be blessed. Everything else, all that prosperity and joy, well, that's just part of the package if God will come and bless. My But think about it. If we're so positioned, if we're so at our atmosphere and all of a sudden we're doing things that are causing certain things in the natural, we're walking in the carnal and then people start saying that guy, he is terrible at work. He's he's always sitting around. He's always on his phone and he starts talking about you in a way that causes him to curse you. That man will be cursed. What a sobriety. This is the eternal word of God. We need to be conscious of what we do and say like people, it's not just a minister or the pastor or an evangelist. They're hanging on your every word. Like what is he going to say? What is he going to say? If they knew the covenant that you were in, what is he going to say? What is he going to say? Oh my. It just should create a sobriety. You know, you're the final voice to the final age, the very bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. But we want to answer the call today. We want to answer the call. And I know that God has called us for his purposes. you know, was quoted in the opening prayer, but we know that all things work together for good to those who love God. I believe there's those that love God in here tonight and are the called according to his purposes. Amen. And whom whom God did fornown, he did justify. And who he fornown, he also glorified. Amen. So, wherever you're at in the journey, if God called you, he's not one that's going to leave his work undone. Amen. So, you can rest in that. But, well, we'll just save this for another time. Maybe if we can invite the musicians. Yeah. I I tell you one thing I know that I know is um you know it doesn't matter if it was a youth camp or a special meeting. The moment that you open your mouth and you testify of what God did in your heart, I believe that it'll spark a fire in somebody's heart. So don't be ashamed even if it's the slightest little testimony. And I'll say this, this is kind of what I was going to read from, but this really struck my heart. And I'll just read it in closing, but you can let the Lord deal with you how you see fit. But you know, in 77, uh, paragraph 77 of that message, he says, "How are we going to get around it? There's so much makebelieve going on, sensations and different things like that. But when in your heart you believe it, when something has happened to you, that God did it and God's the only one that can do it. So God by grace and election put that in your heart to believe it. It wasn't there to begin with and you had you had no way to put it there. God placed it there and you answered the call. I want it to be something that you can grab a hold of that your faith when you know that God's did something in your heart. You didn't place it there. God placed it there. And so if God plays something in there to believe with part of the covenant, you're part of Abraham's seed. Amen. So you can rejoice. You can rise up and say, "God, touch my heart." And you can stand there and you don't you don't make sense of the testimony. You just tell it and watch how God will use it. Because he's he's wanting to use your testimony. That's why he called you. That's why he spilled his blood to sanctify your life. that you know when they were in the day of Pentecost and the outpouring of the spirit came on it gave them boldness. It gave them power and speech and that's what we want to do. We don't want to be afraid to testify of the works of God. Now if it was my works it can come into question but when God does something to the human heart who's going to stand against it? If God be for you who can be against you. Amen. Let us stand. Lord bless you. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Before we turn the service over to brother Billy and you know maybe there is something that God has spoken to your heart and you just want to say thank you Lord or lift up your hands and say I want more of that. I want more of that pure touch, that innocence of the Holy Spirit to deal with my heart and and that my atmosphere can be right, that God would be pleased to keep that dove leading and guiding. Amen. That's your desire. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a privilege people that we are to Lord have the revealed truth of the hour. Lord to know that we know that we know that we didn't place ourselves here but you by your fornowledge Lord you chose us to be here in this end time Lord Lord to be shining lights of your love and the care that you have oh God to know that Lord your truth has come in this day to set us free and to turn oh God the enemy to light. Father, we just want to pray for those that lifted their hand and has need of you and once more of that pure sincerity and they want to be empowered to separate, oh God, like Father Abraham. Lord, we could even see in brother Brandham's life what you did. Lord, we just want to yield ourselves as Lord, we open our heart and lift our hands and say, "Lord, lead me. God, give me wisdom and revelation moving forward. Lord, to know that the eyes of the critic and the world, they're looking in. But oh God, Lord, let us not fear what man would do or say, but let our eyes stay directly on you and what you said, just committing our pastor. Lord, we know God that you've been so faithful to provide a shepherd that's concerned. And we just pray, Lord, bless him, Lord. He's labored and sacrificed. And we just ask that you would refresh him, restore him, Lord. May you give him good health and strength that he can continue to serve your people. Lord, we just know God is desire to see your people free and in fellowship with you. And so, we just commit him and the people to you for the glory of God. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And let's sing this [Music] together. Help me sing it. In your [Music] presence, that's where I am strong. In your [Music] presence, oh Lord, I am in your praise. [Music] Oh Lord, we touch in your [Music] grace of God. Oh [Music] [Music] [Music] go your presence. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] That's where I belong your [Music] touch in the land of [Music] the praises. Oh God. [Music] Oh, where I want to go. [Music] of darkness touch your presence. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, that's where I belong. We seeking your face and [Music] [Music] you presence of God. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, that's where I belong. In your [Music] praise, in your presence, oh God, in your presence, oh God. Hallelujah. Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. I certainly did. I love what our brother said. He said, "We want to see people and treat them the way God sees them. Not through our own eyes of judgment, but the way that God's heart sees them. That we may be able to extend that same love that was extended to us. That same compassion of God and those same creative eyes. I could look at something that looks terrible and see potential in them. That's the kind of God we serve. Amen. For those that gave testimonies, certainly thankful. I believe somebody was strengthened by those testimonies. Amen. You know, when God does something for somebody, like our brother said, it's an anticipation for another to look and say that if God did that, he's the same God that I'm serving, he will do for them. He'll do for me the same. Because why? God is no respector of persons. He's only looking to his word. If we come to his word with faith, he will do the same exact thing. Amen. Once again, we appreciate all that we're able to go and and help with the camp and everything. and God certainly bless you. We thank you very much. Brother Gary, if you could just come and dismiss us tonight. [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's bow our heads. [Music] Dear heavenly father, we just come before you at the closing of this service, Lord God, once again just how wonderful it is to be in your presence. Father God, I think about Lord, even the opportunity you gave me, Lord, to go to the camp this year, Lord. And Lord, sometimes things aren't always answered in 3 days later, Lord. But Father, we know we're time-tested memorials. Yes. And sometimes, Lord, you just simply want us to wait. Lord, will will we believe that you're going to do what you said you're going to do? Will we be patient and have the right attitude? Will we live the Christian life you've given [Music] us? Lord, I just ask that you would bless all those that went, Lord. All those that had an experience, Lord. May you just help us to fight. May you help us to feed. Lord, we thank you for the labor that brother Matthew put in, Lord God. Lord, just think of the testimony of all that you've done for him. We just ask that you would bless him. Bless the children, Lord. Bless the youth, Lord God. Bless this congregation for backing and supporting, Lord. Father, we're just so thankful for the things that you're doing in our lives. May you just give us revelation and help us to recognize what you want us to do with your word. We love you. We thank you. We ask that you just give us grace and mercy. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you at this mist. Don't forget the youth meeting on Friday. Amen. At 6 p.m. Oh Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, and Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, and Jesus on the inside looking on the outside. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Oh Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Sing the Holy Ghost on the inside. [Music] [Music] making the outside Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Change the world on the inside working the outside making the difference in my life [Music] I can't make a difference in my life. [Music] [Music] Oh, what a change. God bless [Music] you. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
