################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-04 - Break Up Your Fallow Ground: For It Is Time To Seek The Lord (Zoom Service) - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-04
Title:   Break Up Your Fallow Ground: For It Is Time To Seek The Lord (Zoom Service) - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsVOmIz34sg
========================================

Father. Hallelujah. Welcome all. Tonight, we want to start the word of prayer. Amen. We certainly appreciate you being here tonight and joining us for prayer service tonight. And pray that God's blessing be upon you. Amen. As we enter in tonight into his presence. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads as we start with a word of prayer. Praise God. Almighty God, we Lord, we are thankful tonight. Lord, we are grateful tonight to you dear God. Father, you the author of our lives, Lord. You are the beginning and the end, first and the last, Lord, of everything, Lord, Father. Lord, and we thank you, Lord, for your grace and mercy upon us, Lord, tonight to bring us to this time of prayer tonight, Lord, that we about to have. And Lord, how you blessed us throughout the day, Lord, in praying and fasting, Lord, and seeking you, Lord. Lord, it was so good to have a place that we can come to, dear God, and bring all our burdens, Lord, Father, and all of our cares, Lord. Come tonight, Lord, to seek your face. Lord, we pray your presence will come down. Bless each one, Lord, as they enter in tonight, enter into prayer, as they enter into worship, as we look to your word to for faith and encouragement tonight. We pray that your your your blessings will be unfolded upon us tonight, Lord, in a special way. Bless us as we sing songs, Lord, and your presence. Bless your word as we go forth from your servant tonight. Give us faithful prayer tonight as we seek your face, Lord. And may you bless your people in a special way. We pray and ask these things through your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, let's just give him praise tonight. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. Oh, fill me now. Fill me now. [Music] Jesus come and fill me up. Fill me with I am breath come. Oh come and fill me now. Oh f [Music] me now. Jesus come and fill me now. Oh fill me with thy presence come. Oh come and fill me now. One more time. Oh me down. Jesus come and feel me. Oh, fill me with my prayer. S come, oh come and fill me now. Oh come, oh come and fear me now. Oh give him praise tonight. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Oh, and without him I can do nothing. [Music] And without him I surely f. And without him, I would be drifting like a ship. Without a sin, oh, without her, I will do nothing. Oh, without him I sure be fair. [Music] And without it, I can be drifting like a ship. Without a s. Oh, sing it all in your heart. Oh, without him, I can do nothing. Oh, without it I surely fold without you. I would be drifting like a ship without a sing. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, we're nothing without him tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we're nothing without him tonight. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, I cast all my cares upon you. Oh, and I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And when any time I don't know what to do, I will cast all my cares upon you. Oh, I cast all my cares upon you. Oh, I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. with any time. I don't know what to do. I just cast all my cares upon you. One more time. Oh, I cast all my cares upon you. Oh, I lay all of my burden down at your feet. If any time I don't know what to do, I will cast all my cars upon you. And only [Music] believe all things are possible. Holy believe. [Music] Oh, [Music] all things are possible. [Music] Oh, baby. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible [Music] when Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Jesus is here and all things are possible. Oh Jesus is here. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you brother Anthony. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Let's bow our heads for pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you that you are alive and you are present working amongst your people. Father, may you take me out of the way tonight and the words that'll be shared, the things that will be spoken may come from you. Lord, may you take the scriptures, take the quotes, whatever is that prepared and Lord, you pull it together and speak to your people's heart. Lord, through your servant and prophet William Brham, you said that people can't get desperate until God speaks to them. We need to hear from you. Revive our hearts, Lord. Revive our spirits. An important word was given on Wednesday night. Lord, the people, Lord, they just they they're not revived in that atmosphere to see great things. They're still Christians, but they don't have that revived spirit. Lord, may that revive spirit begin tonight. May sat among us, may grow from brother to brother, sister and sister. Every home may visit them. The pillar of fire went in that little room. You told the prophet, I'll meet you in dear. That will be the third problem. Father God, may you come and meet your people right in their homes, right where they are. In Jesus I ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you and welcome in going forward and notice we're going to be zoom service. Give us the option to do as the Lord. We feel led to do. It may not specifically be a prayer meeting as such. There are some things that go upon our hearts. we just share with you and try to bless and edify you or we get somebody from outside to share something to you because the purpose is um to get you strengthening the inner man. You know the devil pumping hard and heavy through advertisement, through radio, television, everything possible, he's advertising his stuff out there and the little time we spend and there's a little time whether is midweek service or Sunday service in the big scheme of things in all the hours we have at our disposal we spend a little time and we need to get more time away with God. So tonight I do have something I'd like to share with you. And if you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn with me to Jeremiah 4 1:3 and Hosea 10 1 verse verse 12. Jeremiah 4 says, "For thus sayeth the Lord to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, break up your fellow ground and sew not among thorns." Hosea 10:12 says, "Sow to yourself in righteousness, reap in mercy, break up your fellow ground, for it is time to seek the Lord till he come and reign righteousness upon you." So tonight, I have a thought to share with you. Break up your fellow ground for it is time to seek the Lord. You know, we could bar speak about things going normal and then one day just something turn, something changes and things begin to happen. And for the bride, it's just upon us. We see what is happening outside. We see the conglomeration of wars, rumors of wars. We see that countries can't hold their people no more. People are breaking out. countries are breaking out. It's a different turn alto together. And of times you hear me talk about laziness and sloppiness and sluffiness. It just goes with the territory of having been there a long time. A long time. And this message I remember in the early years when it was fresh green, you couldn't go in a bus without somebody talking about this message. When that bus door was closed, they will stand up and preach until they reach your destination. It was young. It was real. It was it was something else. It had no um like how we have the the the the on tablets, it's on it's on your phone, you know, you know, all all these apps and so on like that. This the table app. It wasn't like that. It was whatever book you got, you absorb it. You're soaking it. You couldn't wait for the next one. It was now being released. It was fresh. People had the zeal and enthusiasm. And the prophet spoke about it on Wednesday night where things have cooled down where people take things for granted and it's risky to be there because it affects your mode of expectation. It affects your mode of preparation. And it affects you because Jesus first parable was the seed and the swer. And when Jesus described it, some fell on the wayside, some fell among rocks, some fell among thorns, and some fell among on good ground. The wayside and rocks, we kind of understand that clearly. But the thorns spot, the thorns spot is tough because that is where vines and stuff grow. That is where you don't get production. You don't get the produce that you expect. The Bible exhaust exhorts us. Don't sew among horns. You're wasting your time. Your fruit, you wouldn't get the fruit you expect. Where you want to sew is good ground. And where God want to show is good ground. Where God how want God want you to become is good ground. And the only way we could be good ground unto God is if our hearts get prepared. Now the follow ground is ground that is not cultivated or say uncultivated areas of your heart. He wants that broken up. Follow ground is referred to ground that has been left unplowed or uncultivated. You know when farmers want to do some good planting, they get a a tractor and the tractor is plow the place and put it in beds and so on and then the the the the ground is loosed that you could put cassava or you could put sweet potato or you could plant corn or you could plant pineapple or whatever you want to plant but the soil is tilled enough that you could put seed in it. So I you wouldn't let the land be idle or neglectful. And that unfollowed ground or followed ground that that ground that is not cultivated represents that heart that has become hard and unfruitful and resistance to God's word. That that is why you know you have to be careful that your heart don't get hard and the word not piercing you and the spirit not convicting you anymore. So therefore, you have to begin to examine your own life and identify the areas in your own life that have grown cold and careless and invite God, invite him to soften your heart, to root out all sin that you could grow properly. Because the issue with the thorns and the cares of this life and the burden of this world, it chokes the tree. And when the tree is under that kind of pressure, it cannot produce the fruit that God wants. So break up that implies repentance. Turning from sin and hardness of heart. I've seen it. People's heart have become hard. The word not getting through. The spirit not getting through. And after you repent, you prepare your heart because your heart have been prepared to for the word of God. We know the scriptures. Scriptures talk about a new heart I'll give you because our heart was hard and the new heart is a heart towards God. We just we not right yet just a heart towards God. That's the first part. The second part he said give you a new spirit and brother Brandon taught us that that new spirit is to agree with the Holy Ghost because we kind of you neighbor the blood can't take this one. You don't like this one. You're upset all kind of crazy stuff. So that's your own human spirit. So God gives a sanctified spirit, a new spirit and then in there is where he places the Holy Spirit. So what repentance, preparation, and then surrender. That's the three things I have here. Now in 2 Chronicles 12 13-14, hear these words. So King Rahoban, Rahob Boam strengthened himself in Jerusalem and reigned. For Rhuban was 1 and 40 years old when he began to reign, 41 years old. And he reigned 70 years in Jerusalem, the city which the Lord had chosen out of all the tribe of Israel to put his name there. And his mother's name was Nama and Ammonite. Verse 14. And he did evil. Here we go. because he prepared not his heart to seek the Lord. I want to read it again. This do this king, he did evil because he prepared not his heart to seek the Lord. Now God is not like your friend, like your neighbor or cousin or aunt or uncle. That is not how you want to place him. Right? The scripture say God is a spirit. A spirit is not flesh and blood. God is a spirit. We could feel one another like who you like. Jesus busted his own disciples for that. He said the scribe and Pharisees do that too. They like their own people. They like their kind. They're among the self and so on. He said you are to do better than that. God want more than that. So this king did evil because he didn't prepare his heart to seek the Lord. Now if it's time to seek the Lord, what you going to do that? How would you approach that? I'm in the message. I believe the message that is not it at all. You have to come to the place where at the last part you will yield to God's will and stop resisting his will by not doing what you know you're supposed to do but as iniquity brother now church we are teaching now but remember when you leave here start moving out of the shock now you are going into grain but lay in the presence of the sun don't add to what I have said. Don't take away from what I have said because I speak the truth as far as I know it as the father has given me. See, don't act to it. Just say what I said. The thing of it is just tell the people to come seek the Lord Jesus and then you yourself lay right in his presence and just make love to him. Say, "Oh Lord Jesus, son of God, I love you. Tender my heart, Lord. Take away the filth and the love of the world and let me live holy in this present world before you. Before you. Could we say amen? He's showing the approach that we must have in expressing our love for God, in expressing our worship to God and say, "Lord, take away the filth. take away the love of the world. In other words, break up my fellow ground. Break up the uncultivated area in my heart in my life. I want to receive seed because seed in good ground will produce after its kind. The issue here is not the rain because that is coming. The issue here is the condition of the heart and the seed that is in that heart. Because every seed will get the rain to produce what's inside that seed. Whether it's world comes to the churches, whether it's actually sinking, whether it's the vials, the plagues, the wings are seed because all things the word that came out of the mouth of God. But rain has to fall upon seed. Let's continue. Praise the Lord. Ezra 6 20 and 21. Hear these words. For the priests and the Levites were purified together. All of them were pure and killed the Passover, for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priest, and for themselves. Here's one I want to get to. Verse 21. And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had, here we go. separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land to seek the Lord God of Israel did eat. So this was a classification. These were the people that separated themselves from the heathen of the land. So God don't just want us just be like everybody else mixing with everything and and just go with the flow outside there. We have to be you have to be I have to be we have to be a separated people unto God. It starts with a choice and a decision. It starts with as I asked some time before who are you? who you are and what you see God want you to be. So when you begin to look at it from that perspective, you actually jump out of religion. You jump out of church atmospheres and you're getting a picture now of what God's mind is for his people and what God mind is for you. Because that is what you want, the mind of God for your life. There's no questions. You just want to pack out and do what God is building you to do. Because once you are a son or daughter and you are his child, there will be things that God will speak to you that there will be things that God will move you. I didn't even know I'd be sharing this this evening. I came home and just something like that come to me. Break up the found. That's how it stopped. I wasn't thinking about it. It just come break up the follow ground. I had to go and find the scripture. Know the scripture and then I see it. For it is time to seek the Lord. Not seek the Lord without context, but seek the Lord till he send down the rain of righteousness upon you. What a time to get this scripture. What a time to look into this word. This is not you taking things for granted and have this what you call entitlement spirit that is upon the message world today but they feel because they so long God is obligated to them and the unbelief or obligated to them and the gray hair and the old God have nothing to do with God have to do with faith that's why they ask the question when the son of man cometh shall he find faith on the earth that is the question he said Peter the devil want to You feel like wheat but I've prayed for you not to come out of the world but that your faith fail now if your faith drop if your faith fail if your faith fall that's it you get wipe out the strength our strength is faith and faith is a reality faith is not imagination faith is the actual substance you have it or you don't have it but you have it that's why you're here tonight is by faith you choose to come into this room tonight you could have done something else. But you choose that. Now, don't let your faith drop, but believe the words coming to you is God himself speaking to you. If it's the brother to you, you're in trouble. If it's the flesh and blood, you're in trouble. You have to ask yourself, what is God speaking to me tonight? And he says by his word, break up the follow ground. Why? It is time to seek the Lord. It doesn't make no sense. You're seeking the Lord and you're asking God for this and that and for that and your ground hard as a rock. If rain fall the the water disappear. You know sometime in China when rainfall and hit the ground so when you look so it disappearing the ground is hot the ground is dry. Rain fall and the ground just absorb all the rain. We want rain of righteousness. We want dynamics to fall in such a way that that David say my cup run over. We want rain to fall so much that the churches will get flooded out and the ducks and the sheep will have fellowship because all the ministers bring us in a wall and make it like fish pond like protected garrison and so on. But the promise rain to fall and it will fall and fall so much and so long and so high that the ducks will have fellowship because you are not belonging to a man. You are God's people. That's why he sent ministry to serve you, to bless you, to minister to you, to strengthen you, to edify you, to build you up. That is why he's in ministry. Praise the Lord. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, praise God. Let's continue. Isaiah 31:1 to them that go down to Egypt for help and slay stay on horses. You're getting your anointing. You're getting the inspiration from my worldly backing friends from Egyptians on your job from Egyptian in your family, your Egyptian partners and and brethren. war to them and go down to Egypt for help and stay on horses and trust in chariots because they are many and in horsemen because they are very strong but they look not unto the holy one of Israel neither seek the Lord see a brother string you know money and whatn not bless you with money how did you change get arrogant get overconfident and to save him, go at him, break him. And sometime people don't even look to say, well, why is it I'm in this condition? Why is it I'm in this place? What needs to be corrected? They keep going on their own way, not even seeking advice or seeking counsel or seeking the Lord for an answer or a leading. They still using their gray matter. They're still using their 16 element. They're still going in the humanistic realm, the human strength. That is a recipe for failure. Guaranteed. A recipe for for crash. Guaranteed. God said don't go for Egypt. Don't rest upon your horses. Don't depend upon you have a bank account or you have a job or you have this because that could be taken from you. Your health could be taken from you. We have to seek the Lord. We have to understand who is in charge and who we belong to. God put man to be resolute, to be independent, to have dominion, to have power. That's what man's supposed to be. Fallen man could be still resolute, have dominion and power. Why you think these rich guys and these multi-billionaires and millionaires, they'll be so arrogant because they feel they are like gods. They don't have to ask nobody where to go, when to go, what plane to take. They have their own private jet. They have everything at their command. They know some of them have money more than the economies of countries. They are on top of the world as far as they're concerned. They don't care. And God don't want us like that. And he cares to pull us out. We have to care about his burden for the church and his burden for the breakthrough. Just think about it now. God want to get the seed in you that he could pour out the rain and what could be transformed into the kingdom of God in your spirit and heart. He wants to do that. But when he looks down in your heart, he see rock. He see hard ground. He see hatred, malice, jealousy, harsh issues, troubling spirits, all kind of isitues. He's seeing that in you. And yet you want his help. You want his assistance. You want his breakthrough. You want his healing. You want his deliverance. And he's watching that ground of your heart. And he is telling you, you have to break it up. You have to want to break it up. You have to want to become mellow instead of hostile. You have to want to come sensitive to the spirit because that dove certainly ain't no partner with no wolf. Once that wolf nature, once that behavior is is manifested, the dove take its flight, the dove is attracted to the lamb, the lamb surrenders its rights. The lamb cannot lead itself. The lamb has to be led. The lamb don't have horns. The lamb don't boot. The lamb don't kick like a horse. It doesn't roar like a lion. It's a certain type of animal. And God represented himself as lamb and dove. Now God know our nature. Not everybody quiety, not everybody loudy. It have people who quietly resistance. They quiet but brother they're like steel on the inside it. It's just that they have you're not seeing the metal frame. You you you understand me? It have some some people they're very very quiet but they're cruel on the inside. So you can't just look at that. And some people they like mouth champions. Lot of flare, lot of noise. Lot of old noise and no bite at all in no bite at all. That's just front. So it have all types. And we not here to do psychology or psychiatry. We not into that. I am not a psychologist or psychiatric. But I'm here to tell you that when you look at your heart tonight, you know the areas that need assistance. You know the areas that need tending. You know the areas that need the breaking up that God could drop down the side of them. We who are fathers or brothers or so like that like especially like we who are fathers nobody train us to be a father. Nobody has train nobody to be a mother or to be a wife or to be a husband. That is how life is. You have to learn and you have to want to learn. That's why you can be a better husband because there's no school saying how best is best. How good is good. You could be a better father. There's no school that teaching you how what level of fatherhood and whatn not. Our example is God. What father he demonstrated, what life he demonstrated. And he said, "Husband, love your wife." How? As I always say, not as your mother love your father, but as Christ loved the church. He put it that inside of you. So we could look how Christ loved the church and say, you know what, this is how it's supposed to work. Wives respect your husband, not cuss your husband, not be angry with your husband, not not bring down your husband, not belittle your husband, not make him feel small because you have two piece of subject or you have something more than him or a bigger salary or something. Not that. and you're belittling him and smallifying him. That's not a word. But you know who I'm talking about. That's not the Bible. So as a sister, you have to connect with the Bible spirit of what you supposed to be. As a brother, you supposed to c with the Bible spirit of what you supposed to be. Not put everything on the wife, not everything on the woman. Next minute, she wearing long dress, but she almost wearing the pants because you authorize her to wear the pants. Not literally, but in terms of what she has to do. Why? Because you as a man are lazy and you're not making a decision. You're not leading at all. You wish somebody else could lead. God didn't make that. God made Adam to ruling. God made man to be led to to to leading and to have the confidence to lead. It's an embarrassment right now to see men that are so short in confidence, short in positivity, short in faith, and women's aggressive and they more positive and and everything is a shame. Something really wrong. This society is perverted. We can't have that in the church. We want men to take up their place. Men to take up their role. Men to be the kind of example and women to get in their place because some of them totally out of place. Totally out of order. I I I didn't come here and say all that tonight, but it come out of the mouth. So if God want to bless you, it come like this. God want to bless you. But you can't get wet with God's blessing because you hold up an umbrella. the umbrella of your unbelief and instead of the rain of God hit you instead of righteousness hit you. It bouncing off the umbrella and fallen on the ground, your blessing then is then delayed but can't be denied because you are son or daughter of God. Now if revelation strike you close the unbelief, close up the hatred, close up the malice umbrella that you have decorating so nice over your head, your arrogance. If you close that and let that rain of righteous hit you and you recognize the same blood for you is for your brother. The same blood for you is for your sister. So there's no need to hold the ought. There's no need to hold a grudge. There's no need whatsoever because you seen the same blood. The same blood that deliver you could deliver them too. And you're asking God for his mercy and his grace. Saints, we're coming on to the end, you know. Him that's filthy will be filthy still. Him that is righteous will be righteous still and he that is holy will be holy still. Let me see if I put this about this here. I trust tonight that this is helping you somewhere. All right. Do not sow among thorns. Is amazing how Jeremiah spoke that. Do not sow among until ground where you could have no fruit. So if the word is speaking this, God wouldn't waste time with hardened hearts and until grounds until you prepare to break it. Second Timothy 3 famil scripture, but I'm going to read it only in the amplified tonight. But understand this and in the last days will come perilous times of great stress and trouble, hard to deal with and hard to bear. for people. I want to start it here. The people he's talking about is church folks. This is not unbelievers. They're not sin man party man. This is people who are in church. For people, I'll say this way for church people will be lovers of self, utterly self, lovers of money. church people and aroused by inordinate, greedy desire for wealth. Church people will be proud and arrogant and contemptuous boasters. Church people, they will be abusive, blasphemerous, scoffing, disobedient to parents, ungrateful, unholy, profane. I can't go through all this tonight, but you see that word ungrateful. Regardless of what you give them, they can't even say thanks. They're grateful for nothing. You're doing your best is not good enough. You're trying your best. And they will want you to feel guilty that you haven't done done all and that is wrong. Is wickedness behind them. The Bible say how they're going to be ungrateful and we supposed to call it out. That is my child but he ungrateful. That is my daughter but she's wicked. It's quiet. I hear no amens on that. I can't hear you. So I said I'm not going to say amen or praise God I love but hear this they will be without natural human affection callous and inhuman relentless admitting of no truce and appeasement. That mean these are war mongers. There will be slanderers, false accusers, troublemakers, intemperate, loose in morals and conduct, uncontrolled and fierce, haters of good. They will be treacherous, betrayers, rash, and inflated with self-conceit. They will be lovers of sensual pleasures and vain amusement more than rather lovers of God. And although they hold a form of party or true religion, they deny and reject and are strangers to the power of it. Their conduct belies the genuous genuiness of their profession. Avoid such people and turn away from them. For among them are those who worm their way into homes, and captivate silly and weak-natured and spiritually dwarf women, loaded down with the burden of their sins, and easily swayed and led away by various evil desires and seductive impulses. These weak women would listen to anybody who will teach them. They are forever inquiring and getting information but are never able to arrive at a recognition and knowledge of the truth. Now as Janice and Jambis were hostile to and resisted Moses, so these men also are hostile to and oppose the truth. They have depraved and distorted minds and are reprobate and counterfeit and to be rejected as far as the fate is concerned. But they will not get very far for the rash folly will become obvious to everybody as was that of those magician mentioned. And here Paul switches. Now you have closely observed and diligently followed my teaching, conduct, purpose in life, faith, patience, love, steadfastness. So Paul switch after this and say you watch you have observed my teaching conduct purpose in life faith patience love and steadfastness. Brother Brian let me wrap up here. You can't bless what God has cursed. Neither can the devil curse what God has blessed. It's an individual affair. No matter how poor, how stupid, how unlearned, how uneducated, what God bless is blessed and what God cursed is cursed. Know to differentiate what is right and what is wrong. Micaiah knew good and well that it wasn't the Lord that was with those preachers. But what was the matter with those preachers? Notice what they did. They had been dressed the best. They had been fed the best. They had come together in their parties and so forth, their alliances. And all they only knew was their own theology. Watch this phrase. That's what they only knew. Their own theology. And the Bible said that Micaiah when he looked at the vision, God said, "Who can we get to go down and deceive Ahab?" and a lying spirit said, "I'll go down there and entice Ahab to those preachers because they have to go out there in order to bring the word of God to pass." Brother Brown, so today so many people are listening to enticing spirits instead of taking the word of God. Spirits, they are in the world. They are demons. They go into places. They get amongst men, ministers. They get amongst church members. They get amongst good people. And they cause them to come into an illusion. But parents, take a note of this one. An illusion. and they say things and do things and teach things and practice things that are contrary to the word of God. Many persons have receive have been deceived in receiving the Holy Ghost. As I said, they got doctrines today like Elijah garments, manifested sons and all these different isms. People fall blindly on there and go through some kind of sensation raised back up. So after they get their sensation, after they get the experiences, they raise back up with arrogant spirit, indifferent, fussy, highteered, that is not the spirit of God. So fussing, carrying on, highteered, that is not the spirit of God. And still continue right on out of order. Don't know what church order is. Don't know how to behave themselves in the house of God. No manners. Imagine that. But but Abraham is calling it out. No manners, no just no audacity at all, no feeling towards God. All you think about is church. It shows they have received a church spirit and not the spirit of God. I'm going to close. So this what it means to break up the file ground this until ground. For the land to be productive, it has to be plowed. It has to be prepared for planting. So therefore, if the seed is not going down because the ground is hard, it wouldn't really germinate and grow to maturity. So it's waste of time with that soil. It's a waste of time. A ground with hatred in it, bitterness in it, lust and greed and fear and pride and and all kind of your own pictures and ideas and what you think and what you feel and whatnot. This season here now is time to break up your fellow ground. Isaiah 55 said, "Seek ye the Lord while he may be found. Call ye upon him while he is near. Let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts. Let him return unto the Lord, and he will have mercy upon him and to our God. For he will abundantly pardon. For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so my ways harder than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. And then he said this, for as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth blood, and bring forth seed to the swer, and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish a purpose that I please, and it shall prosper and take things for sentence. So God said clearly that this ground this reference is just like his word. The same principle the word go forth and the spirit coming behind it. We cannot just expect just word word and no spirit. He says so shall my word be. What is he comparing it to? As the rain cometh down and water the earth that it maketh it to bring forth forth bud and give seed to the swer and bread to the eater so shall my word be. So this word from this prophet that came into your heart where he said the secret is the word is in the bride. That word has a spirit to come upon it. And that spirit coming upon that word means the spirit coming upon you. So don't let the devil lie to you. The spirit will come upon you. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. I'll close with this. Is it the church better at the examining himself by the word of God? Our purity, our loyalty, our devotion. We have become tulas, tail bearers, cigarette smokers, backpiters, paint of Jezebels, every everything in the calendar that the rest of the world does. The Christian church is associated with those things today. This woman who lost a coin, she had to light a candle. She got a candle lit. Not only did she get a candle, she got a broom and she went to house cleaning. Oh brother, if there was ever a need of a time of a lighting of a candle, not for some emotional worker, not for jump for joy, but a hard certain experience where men and women get right with God. We are the end time. She lit a candle to give a light. And brother, every little candle here ought to be lit tonight. Not only that, she got a broom and the neighbors could see the dust flying. She had a real house cleaning time. I'll close with that. The neighbors could see it. When last have you had a house cleaning? I'm not talking about the physical house. I'm talking about your heart. When last have you examined what is going on on the inside, not just coming to church because when David was caught and the and the prophet give him a a little reference and so on, David said that man should die. David wasn't thinking about himself. He was thinking about that man. You get me? David wasn't conscious that what the prophet say was a reference to his behavior. And the prophet had to tell him, "David, that's you. That is you there." And many times we easy to see sins of others, see the faults of others, see the failures of others, see the outs of others, and we blind like a bat to see ourselves. That's why we need these things, the mirror of the word. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, I just pray that these broken up words, Lord, that we share here this night would strike and resonate in the hearts of your children. That each person here would want to see that ground broken up. Because when that ground is broken up and prepared, it can receive seeds. Seed of revival, Lord, seed of revelation, seeds of of hope, seeds of expectation. And as BA Anthony sang, only believe all things are possible. Such a beautiful song, so timely. It to challenge our faith to believe you. Not to believe ourselves. We are failures, Lord. But to believe and trust you. Trust you that you would come and fulfill every promise you spoke to that prophet because we know it wasn't the prophet. is you are speaking through him to give us these precious promises and we strive year in year out to bring these promises. This year Lord is about five years since we've been doing Zoom meeting. Five years every Friday almost and you have kept us alive. You have kept us together. You have kept us in the faith and the people of courage tonight amidst their tiredness from the week of the job whatever at home they could still spend time here tonight to call upon your name. And as we get this little brief time of prayer, may you be with them. May anointing come down upon them. May they no look for some kind of performance. Nobody's listening in on their prayer. May they come in a depth of sincerity where they want their hearts right with you. The attitude towards wives, the attitude towards husbands, the attitude towards children, the attitude towards parents. May that be corrected tonight by your spirit. May children begin to cry. May the husband weep. May the wife weep as she begin to examine their own her own life and his own life. As we examine our lives that we have been falling short and we want her to be corrected tonight. We want her to be on target tonight. Oh God, won't you break our hearts up and make it mellow? You say that the church is now getting the message, but they need to lay in your presence until it b down, until it becomes soothing, until it becomes soft, until become so sensitive to the spirit. Oh God, break up our hearts tonight. Bring us to the sensitivity of your spirit that we would yield to your spirit and we will do what you want us to do, what you want us to do, not what we want to do, but you want us to do. Oh God, I commit the ministers. I commit the elders. I commit the deacons. I commit the trustees. I commit the entire into your hands. I commit all those who are here tonight in this little prayer meeting, in this little time and this service. Father, I commit them into your hands. I commit their children into your hands, their family into your hands that your spirit might write the trail and minister and meet their need. May they not take this word lightly. May they take it as thus sayeth the Lord. Break up your fellow ground for it is time to seek the Lord until he releases that reign of righteousness. Oh God, may they begin to pour tonight. Oh God, Elijah shut the heavens and there was no rain. But oh God, you promised these seven thunders. They going to unlock the heavens. Oh God, they're going to utter their voices to that group who can take the work. They can unlock the heavens. They can do whatever they want to do. Father God, may you send fire in the homes. Send fire in the hearts of your children. Send fire among your people. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. Give the Lord some praises right where you are. Oh, we are grateful tonight for his presence. We are grateful tonight for the anointing of God. And to those of you who take up with fasting here, Jesus didn't say if you fast, he say when you fast. Oh hallelujah. That means he expect you to fast. He expect you to be part of your Christian experience. So we get on another time of prayer. May God be with you. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Wonderful. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed blessed be. Praise God. Praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Father, we praise you, Lord. Father, we bless your name, Father. We honor you tonight. We worship you, Father. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your spirit. We thank you for the breakthrough. We thank you for deliverance. We thank you for healing. We thank you for restoration. We thank you for the uncction. Father, we thank you, oh God. You said when the enemy come like a flood, the spirit raise a standing against the enemy. We thank you for taking the word and make it more positive. We thank you for taking the word and make it more real. Oh Jesus, as we prepare for the convention, Father, may your visit with power, visit with your presence. Anoint every servant that will come for anoint, oh God, all the testifiers, all the brothers that will testify, oh God, anoint the healing line, Lord, the prayer line, anoint every special, oh God. May everything be done for you. Honor the glory at the end of it all. May we give you the glory. Give give you the honor, Father. May your people be edified. May they be strengthened. May he be built up into the Holy Ghost. Oh God, until this touch a perfect man. That's what you send a prophet for, Lord, to build us up that we could become a powerhouse not to follow but to lead to lead others to the kingdom. Father, oh God, you put a bride in that position. The spirit of the bride to say, "Come, the bride will have a voice, even the final voice of the final age. The bride will be empowered. The bride bride will be vindicated. The bride will be confirmed, oh Jesus, to be who she is. Father, you will let the world know who she is. You will make yourself known among men. Oh, send on the witness of your spirit tonight. Bless the fathers, Lord. Visit them. Bless the mothers, visit them. Bless the wives, visit them. Oh God, bless the husbands, visit them. Oh God, visit marriages, visit homes, visit family, visit the children. Father, visit the teenagers. Father God, may there be a witness of your spirit to every family, every home here tonight. Oh God, bless the upcoming service this coming Sunday. Oh God bless the work of the tabernacle tomorrow as we prepare oh God to get things in order. Father may oh God everything be we work out just fine. Oh help us and strengthen us as we wait upon you. We commit this session into your hands this time with your people into your hands in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you our believers. God bless you and may God be with you and strengthen you. Looking forward to see you on Sunday. God bless you and be hope tomorrow as we prepare for the convention. God be with you. We dismiss
