################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Brother Forest Farmer - Forest Farmer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    Brother Forest Farmer
Speaker:  Forest Farmer
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPqcE5ELu-M
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. I'm so thankful for Calvary. Amen. Can we sing that song? I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Amen. How many can say, Lord, I need thee every hour? Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Oh, every hour I need you, Lord. Oh, bless me now, my [Music] savior. I come to thee. Sing it again. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour. Oh, every [Music] hour I need thee. Oh yes. Bless me now. My [Music] savior, I come to thee. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Oh, every hour I need thee, Lord. Oh, bless me now, my savior. [Music] Oh, I come to thee. As they would just play softly now, we've got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known tonight. Amen. Uh, first of all, Sister Crystal said, uh, as it says here, Sister Crystal's been in bed all day, uh, with a very bad headache. Amen. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Also, um, Brother Amos says our daughter-in-law uh is at the ER now. So, let's just keep keep them in our prayers tonight that the Lord would just be with them. Amen. We we want to thank the Lord for for bringing Sister Jane through the surgery just fine. Amen. It's really good to see her tonight. Amen. We want to keep uh Dad and Faith in our prayers as they would be leaving Alaska uh tonight, I believe. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. It's a long flight. They won't get back till uh tomorrow morning. Uh so, let's just keep them in our prayers. Amen. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands, man? The Lord sees every need. Good to have brother Sam here with us tonight. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh Judah if he would come and and lead us in prayer. Amen. It's really good to have brother Forest Farmer with us. Amen. Uh he's playing his steel forest. Amen. It sounds so beautiful. Amen. really good to have him, but let's just keep him in our prayers tonight that the Lord would just speak to our hearts. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we come to you this evening, Father. Just want to say thank you for allowing us to come into your house, Father, and worship you, Lord. Lord, you see the knees that was brought before us here tonight, Lord. We ask that you just come down in mighty way, move upon the scene, Lord. Lord, we ask that you keep our pastors saved as they travel back from Alaska, Lord, and just be with us in the service tonight. May we pull on the gift. Anoint Brother Farmer as he brings forth the word. Lord, love you. Thank you for all your blessings. Christ's name we pray. Amen. Sing it as a prayer. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Oh, every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my [Music] savior. Oh, I come to thee. You can be seated. Sister Janice, do you have a song for us? For I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Yes. Every hour I need you, Lord. Oh, bless me now, my savior. Oh, I come to thee. Amen. Is that your prayer tonight? Amen. [Music] Now they sent for Jesus. Your friends about to die but tearing he's still far behind. Oh, they laid Lazarus in the tomb. And they said the last goodbye and coming down. The road was Jesus right on time. Oh, just hold on, my child. Oh, he's not so far away. And he knows your need before you pray. [Music] So when your feet are weary from the mountain you have climb, just look ahead. Here comes Jesus right on time. [Music] Well, I struggled through life's deserts. They were so hot and dry till it seemed all hope was gone and I would die. [Applause] [Music] And I wondered, where was he? Is he still a friend of mine? And coming down the road was Jesus right on time. So just hold on, my child. Oh, he's not so far away. And he knows your need before you pray. [Music] So when your feet are weary from the mountain you have climb just look ahead here comes Jesus bright oh time. Oh, soul when your feet are weary from the mountains you have climb. Just look up ahead. Here comes Jesus. Right on time. [Music] Amen. He's an ontime God. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. He'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Just take a look at where you are now and where you've [Music] been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. Oh, he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when. Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when. You may not know how. You may not or win, but he'll do it again. Amen. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite Brother Forest to come? Can we sing that song? Lord, fill my cup. Amen. Is that your desire to say, "Lord, just fill my cup tonight." Amen. Whatever you have need of, Amen. He's here to fill your cup. Amen. Oh, here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Oh, bread of heaven. Oh, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Sing it as a prayer tonight. For here's my [Music] God. This my [Music] soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me [Music] whole. Amen. God bless y'all. Pardon my voice. I uh we just got into a couple of real good services, but then I went outside in a cold front a little bit sweaty and it about caught up with me. But uh by the grace of God though, we're here. And uh if you while you remain standing, if you want to turn in the the scriptures with me to Colossians the first chapter. Uh I'll give you just a moment there to find it. And before we uh before we read it, let's just approach the Lord once again. Father, we've been instructed in this day to pray for revelation more than anything else. May you grant it, Father, that this portion of the word that you just open it up to us, Lord, everything that we have need of, grant it, Father, we pray. for we ask it and we trust you for it in the name of our dear Lord Jesus. Amen. In Colossians 1 and we'll start at uh the 12th verse. Colossians 1 and 12. Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light. And you know that word meat there is not just okay but that word meat actually means fitting or what is perfect. All right. the same way that you wouldn't cram a puzzle piece in that doesn't go there, but you find one that fits it. And when you do, it's the only one that'll work right there. Are you hearing me? But I what I want you to notice in this is that he hath made us fit. who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us. That's another big word, but it means to take from one position and to put into another. Praise God. Now I I I know you musicians, you're going to have it over on everybody here because sometimes we will take and transpose from one key to another one now where it was supposed to be one key, but because the singer maybe can't get that high or that low, we'll change it to another key. Then everything will be appropriate. But it's moved from one position of a C chord maybe over here to an A. Are you hearing me? And we that at one time was in darkness and in fellowship with darkness, but he completely moved us out of that key into something that would resonate with the voice of Almighty God. I just I don't know how to appreciate that enough that's good that where he has brought us from and to place he's made us fit into the body of Christ. He's made us fit into the word of the hour for this day. Not back in Luther's day, not back in Wesley's day, but for this day. Amen. Amen. hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. Remember, it was Christ that all things that were created were created by him before he ever was in a physical body of Jesus. Amen. Christ, the anointed one, was creating all of it. There you go. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. Amen. May the Lord add his blessings to his word. And as you're being seated, you know what I'd like to look at for a little bit of a subject this this evening. uh just because now any of us that are old enough that we've raised children, we know that there's sometimes that we've had to tell the kids you tell them to do something and why. All right? Because it needs to be done. Why? And after a few times, you just say just because. Amen. Yeah. And and you know, too many times it was just because daddy said so or just because mama said so. You know what I mean? Because they don't really comprehend what the overall picture is. I may get in trouble for this here in a few days when I get home. But but I I I've got a grandson that when he was just a little old bitty fell, maybe four or five years old, uh the Thunderbirds was coming down to Little Rock and uh it's about 2 hours away from us. A and they said, "Well, you know, how are we going to ride?" And I said, "Well, JD can go with us." And Sherry said, "Forest, you don't know what you're getting into." said, "That boy will talk your ears off." I said, "Oh, baby, it'll be all right." And you know, we got about five miles down the road. Papa, how far how much farther is it? I said, "Son, it it's a long ways from here." Okay, we got another three or four miles. Papa, how much farther now? Well, his mama and daddy had driven nonstop about three or four months before that to go out and and uh my son was going to visit his sister. So, it it was the little JD's aunt and and uh they drove straight through from across Nebraska and all that just swapping off drivers. And I said, "Son," he asked me again, "How long is it?" I said, "Son, do you remember how long it was to Idaho?" And he goes, "Uhhuh." I was kidding around with him, of course. I said, "It's farther than that." He goes, "Uh-uh, papa, ain't nothing as far as Idaho." Right. You know, he didn't really understand it's going to be 2 hours or or or it it's going to be 110 miles down to there. And you know, I I couldn't blame it on wanting to take the kids, but because I enjoy seeing them things, y'all pardon me, but I I I'm just going to tell you about me. I I look up and at the end of their little display there of of showing you how that they can come down the runway and go straight up and they end it with five of them and one of them's going straight up a and they're all trailing smoke and four of them are splitting off to the sides like a banana. And that one that keeps going up, he's just going around and around and trailing that smoke. And I I left there one time and I told the kids, I said, "You know what? The prophet of God said that one day we're going to travel like a thought. And I don't know if you'll be able to see me traveling as a thought or not." I said, "But if you look up there and one of them's going yang, yang yang yang." I said, "Just look up there and know that your daddy's having a ball." And church, it is absolutely that real to me. But he didn't understand the distance. And you know what? It uh by the same token, we don't understand the distance in God's time. I told my wife here the other day, I said, you know, I I said, I pray for patience, but I want it right now. But it just don't happen that way, brother John. It it the trials that we go through, what we endure brings patient on us. And and sometimes the way that we get it, now I'm I'm not preaching this on account of what you said when you pulled up, brother. It just fed in there. Not everything that we get from God is good. Wow. But he takes it and makes it for our good. And if we was to ask God, why do I have to go through that? Because All right. Why? Because just because. All right. We can't see what he's doing. We can't see what he's doing with us. We can't see what he's doing with our brother. We can't see what he's doing with our sister. But we just have to pray and trust the Lord. It is him that's We sing the song of amazing grace. But I wonder sometimes if we slow down long enough to listen to the words, it's grace that's brought me safe thus far. And it's grace that's going to lead me on. Not a misplaced grace, not taking grace and making it a disgrace, but real genuine grace where we uh trust the Lord for what he's done and we know what he's brought us through. Amen. Amen. Church, there's a lot of people that the first time that I came to brother Dale Catch's meetings, they ain't here tonight. Well, you say, "Well, brother Farmer, you know, the reason though that we're still here is we just a better grade of people. Really? Well, y'all, I ain't got my wings yet. Come on. Hello. But it's only by his grace that we stand. Amen. We've all come through troubles. We've all come through trials. All right. We've all come up against things that we there was it was beyond our understanding. But the only answer that we could get is to go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. I remember seeing a a a plaque one time said, uh, Lord, grant me the courage to change the things that I can change. And grant me the patience to endure the things I can't change and grant me the wisdom to know the difference. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Why? I want you to a as we would just God's fornowledge. You know, the prophet of God told us that the Bible was so perfectly mathematically set into order. Amen. Amen. Have you ever looked up and seen that in the fornowledge of God that it was going to be 14 generations from the covenant with Abraham to the time of David. It wasn't measured in years. It was measured in generations. 14 generations. If a generation was 40 years, that'd be 400 and 560 years if if I'm figuring right. Yeah. 14 time 40. Are you hearing me? Not not just measured by years, but that it would perfectly fall at 14 generations. Amen. But then from the time of David until that the children of Israel were backslid and was carried into captivity down in Babylon was another 14 generations. It It's phenomenal. Yes, brother. But it's the truth. And then from there, from the time that they was carried into captivity until the time of the Lord Jesus that led all of us out of captivity was another 14 generations. Man can't figure those things. But yet in the mind of God, it always was. And they might have asked why. Why is it like this? But it was just because that God had it already forained in his mind. Why are we gathered here together believing the things that we do when there's churches up and down this holler that they'll preach this and that and something else. And yet when we try and show them what the word of God has made so plain in our day with the loosening of the seals, they can't even comprehend it. Amen. And they say, "Why do you believe that?" Because Amen. Because God ordained us to it. We can't see all of his plan of what he would do, right? Y'all, the first time that I came around you all, I thought we was going to be out of here in 1977. Yeah. Come on. I went to my pastor Sherry and I was going together there in uh the the winter of 75. And I went up to him and I said, "Brother, is it is there even any uh need in us looking forward? Is it a waste of time?" And and he said, "Well, son," he said, "I tell you what, he said the prophet said, "If you're planting ters, just go ahead planting ters." Best advice I ever got. Yes. 14 grand kids later and Amen. You see what I mean? But it wasn't the way that we thought it was that things didn't happen just that way. And then when people had it figured up in their mind instead of staying with the pure word of God, but they just fell away. But what caused you and I to stay with the word? Amen. Because God had a plan on down the road. I didn't think I was going to be here this long. If I'd have known I was going to live this long, I'd have probably took better care of myself. We thought in 2000 that it was over. Yeah. Come on. But not everything that had been prophesied had happened yet. True. God had a plan. It was different than my thoughts. It was different from my plans. Amen. But God knew what he was doing. And church, God is right on time tonight. It I don't care how long that you've had a sickness. I don't care how long that you've had a problem. God is always right on time. We sing a song at home. He's an ontime God. Yes, he is. He may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. We can make plans and we'll get held up. Why? Because we don't see what lays out ahead of us. Well, come on now. Brother Kevin met me uh uh down here on on his lunch break and and he said, "Brother," he said, "We we'll get there about the same time." Well, I got here about five minutes before him. And you know, when he got here, he he was apologizing. He said, "Oh, Brother Farmer." He said, "Man," he said, "I hate that you've been waiting on me." Well, I sitting here watching a turkey across the road. You know, it wasn't no big deal to me. And and he said, "Brother, I believe I got behind every slow driver that there is in Christianberg on the way here." And and you know, we can't foresee those things, but God does. Right? Why is it that sometimes he gives us a little nudge, you need to go a little early. Don't go this way. Go around this way over here. We don't know about the ambulance that's got the roadblock. I travel enough that I'm just going to share this with you. You know, a lot of times we get frustrated because of the road work until you get about 40 miles on down the road and you see an accident that just happened and the policeman ain't even got there yet. And it causes us to just say, "Lord, thank you for the road work." Amen. We don't know what's going on, but God has a plan. Church, what we need to do is to be more sensitive to the moving of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Brother Kevin, you're going to get a kick out of this. By the grace of God, I had opportunity to go into Africa uh here two years ago. And when I got over there, they uh I I don't believe that there's a separate message for Africa. Amen. And a separate one for the United States and another one for Europe and another one for the Philippines. I preach the same thing. But you know when I got there because it was a young people's meeting anyway. So I took a message on maturity and they had three bass players up there and they was not in sync and they was all trying to outplay the other one. They had about four guitars. They was all doing the same thing. They wouldn't honor one another when one of them was taking lead. It was just turn it up, boys. And I I somewhere down in the message, I I I said, you know, maturity in a a musician is they will honor the other ones around them. Come on. I said, "And maturity in a musician, the pastor won't have to turn around to you and say, "Uh uh, wait a second. We're having a prayer line here. Uh, we need to approach this a little bit more reverently. But something in a mature musician, he already knows that way the you know, we don't play Amazing Grace like we do our marching design. Amen. Are you hearing me? See, because God's got a plan for worship. And when we come into that, you won't have to turn around and rebuke somebody and tell them every move to make because when they're following the leadership of the Holy Ghost, everything works out well anyway. Gise the Lord, Brother Sean, this one's free. I went back through marriage and divorce here just a couple of weeks ago. Okay. And uh you know for I could see where that some of the sisters took offense to that because they didn't wait until the the very end of it. But brother Brandham was talking about how that a woman could break a man's heart. I I I'm off my notes now, so y'all just bear with me. And he said that nothing could rip his heart out of him like a bad woman. And he says, now I'm talking about the church now. And I wondered how many churches that are not mature enough, but instead of following the leadership of the Holy Ghost, they want to tell the pastor how to do something. Oh my. And I wonder how many of them try to wrap him around something and maybe even get him out of the will of God. Hello church. We all need to find our position and abide in that. And and let me say this. You pray for your pastor whether he's here or if he's not here. you pray for him because the ministry is under such an assault right now that that we see him if it's not a health issue it it's just getting tired but church it's no time for us to get tired it's no time for us to to quit heard brother Brandham talk about how that he didn't want to get docked because that you know if you quit before quitting time that they dock your pay. I don't want to get docked. Amen. I might be getting a little bit old, but it's experience that comes with it. Amen. Preach. But I ain't ready to quit. That's good, brother. Somebody says, "Brother Farmer, you can't drive 20 hours over to the the the East Coast by yourself." I tell them, "Watch me." Go ahead, brother. Amen. We used to sing a song back years ago. It said, "Uh, take up thy cross and follow me. I hear the blessed Savior call." How could I make a lesser sacrifice? Yes, sir. When Jesus gave his all, good, brother. Amen. Uh, church, I I know this ain't no place for jokes, and I'm not saying it is that, but they said the difference between a chicken laying an egg and eating fried chicken, one of them's a donation, the other's commitment. What the Lord Jesus had was absolutely commitment. Yes. I said it was commitment. I don't understand. I don't understand. It's all right, brother. If I was a king, would I leave my throne to die for y'all? But that's what he did. It wasn't a donation, but it was a full commitment. Amen. The prophet of God told us that the Lord Jesus did more dying in Gethsemane. Dying out to himself, he did more dying there than what took place up on Calvary. Amen. Why? Just because he had a plan. I wasn't on the face of the earth then. down through the years, how many more things could we look at along that same line? I I've got a quote in here somewhere. I I I'm just not going to take the time to read it, but brother Brandham was talking about that Isaiah said, "What would they think of a man to come out and say something that a virgin a a word that a virgin shall conceive?" Yeah. And could you imagine when Isaiah went off the scene, probably they were some scoffers saying, "Well, he missed it on that." And about the same way they do about the a 20th century prophet cuz they say, "Well, California ain't sink, it's sinking." Yeah, it is. Yes, it is. Amen. But 700 800 years later, Amen. Amen. Isaiah didn't see it in his time, but God had a plan. And because that a prophet is made as a reflector of the thoughts of God, he just had to say exactly what the Lord told him to say. It wasn't his obligation to bring it to pass no more than when we preach the word. It's not my responsibility to bring it to pass. But we honor God's word anyway because I know that it's the truth. Amen. I believe it's on the tape. Mary's belief that brother Brandon and of course a couple different times he he says it a little bit different. One time he he said that they was uh uh Mary and Joseph was walking down the road. He said, "The reason that the Lord Jesus came to them is because he always comes to somebody that's looking for it." Amen. But said that they was walking down the road maybe. And and and Mary said, "Joseph, did you hear what the pastor said this morning? Uh uh what does that mean on a virgin shall conceive?" Yeah. Amen. They didn't understand. Then uh on Mary's belief, I I believe is where it is that that brother Brandham said that uh uh they uh that Mary just wretch in the the the place there and pulled out a scroll by random and said, "Well, I guess we're going to read from Isaiah." All right. And Joseph started reading it. And she said, "Hold it right there." said, "What does that mean that a virgin shall conceive?" And Joseph said, "Uh, well, that's a little bit too deep for me." He said, "I don't understand it, but I believe it. All right, that's me. I don't understand everything. I don't know why it's got to be this way or that way or something else, but I believe it and I know that he's working it to my good because that's his promise because he has made us meet that we fit our part in the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. We need to pray to find what does the Lord want me to do. Amen. We have not been set here just to breathe in air and breathe out carbon dioxide. We've got a higher calling than that. There's something for us to do. And church, there's work to be done. You don't have to go to Africa to be a missionary. The prophet of God told us that the United States of America needed missionaries worse than any place in the world. I'm a witness of it. Amen. Amen. Why? We are here to be an example. We are here to be a pattern. I testify a lot. Praise the Lord. Lord, I testify a lot. Good, brother. The Lord's given me a lot to testify about. Hallelujah. I've got a knife here that uh it's just a stainless steel bladed pocket knife. But I I used to carry it all the time. It It stays in a case at home now. I'll tell you why in just a second. One time when we was living over in Kentucky there at Campbellville, I went to work one day and u I didn't have my knife with me and I don't feel like I'm dressed if I ain't got a pocketk knife. I I got that from dad, I guess. But uh so all day long I'm cutting open buckets, not with my knife, but with a razor knife. and and it just felt awkward because it ain't what I'm used to. And and yes, I get spoiled. I get used to something and I want it the way I'm used to. I'm probably the only one like that. Praise. I came home and I I said, "Baby," I said, "Have you seen my knife?" And and and she said, "For I haven't." And she said, "But uh we'll look." Well, I I'd done looked everywhere I knew to to look for it. And uh so the next day she had the boys turn over the recliner that I'd sat in and and and pulled the cushions out of the the couch and and she said, "Force, we can't find it." Said, "I've checked all your clothes, your work clothes, your your dress clothes." And this went on for I'm talking about almost two months. And I I said I I'm going to have to get me I came in from work one. I I said, "Baby, did she said force we tore this house inside out? They took the the boys took the seats out of the car. It ain't here." And I said, you know, the prophet of God said, I know that my billo is is laying on, I believe he called it the bureau or or the duopo, whichever one it was, at home. He said, but with enough faith, I could put my hand in my pocket and my bill would be there. Amen. Well, I'm right-handed. So, your pocket knife goes in your right hand front pocket. And right then I was sitting down at the table. I said, "Sherry, I wish that I had enough faith." And I stuck my hand in my left hand hip pocket and my knife was there. Glory. I believe that. Amen. Faith is not something that we build up. Faith is just something that it's there when we have need of it. You don't work it up. You don't pump it up. True, true, true. So I give God the glory for my pocketk knife. It's all right, brother. Are you hearing me? Yes, sir. About three years later, I took my first missionary trip into the Philippines. And when I did, uh there was a a brother there, Brother Nollie Viampa. He's he's gone on to be with the Lord. He uh was taking a tape up for a radio broadcast to the the largest city uh near their Beak City and uh uh was in an accident. A truck hit him, took his life, but he was there. We'd preach Sunday morning, Sunday night, and was just sitting there fellowshipping and watch the Lord do something there. two ministers church. Y'all think preachers don't have problems, but we got problems just like everybody else does. Yes, sir. These two preachers, they came there that evening because they there was an American preacher there. Otherwise, they wouldn't fellowship with this brother where I was at. Oh my. And while I was preaching, I got into a a deal. I I said, "You know, I'm not from here." I I said, "You might be able to tell me that's a coconut tree, and it would be a banana tree." I said, "But if it's putting off fruits, you can tell me it's a coconut tree all you want to, but if it's got bananas on it, I know what kind of a tree that it is." Y'all know what I'm talking about. I can preach on green beans. I said, "You tell me that you've got the Holy Ghost, but if we're not bearing the fruits of the Holy Ghost, then I know that there's something wrong." Those two preachers were the first ones at the altar that night. Oh, God's got a way of getting a hold of us. It's not because of some great theological idea, but church will just say what the Lord lays on our heart. At any rate, I was we were sharing testimonies and I pulled open that little sheepfoot blade and and showed him were that I my ignorance, but I broke it off using it for a screwdriver. And we rejoiced over my knife being right there. He's an everpresent help in the time of trouble. If we'll just lean on him and not get all frustrated over things. Amen. And uh we were sitting there fellowshipping. little old uh fluorescent light about that long was the only light that we had and it hooked up to a car battery. Oh my people may be poor in this world's possessions. Oh, but he was rich. So he started telling me about how that when they first started that work uh uh way out in the jungle where they is at of of how that he had worked for the government as as a contractor when he was in Manila and and when word of that got around the same way that in the United States we have farm policy but over there it was a sugar policy because they raised cane sugar and they thought that he was a spy from the government. So they wouldn't give him no work. Nobody would come to church with him except one old man started coming and they got down to where they didn't have any money. They didn't have any more groceries in the house. But what they did have was a row of trees that had coconuts and bananas. Both of them just grow over there almost while. And he had permission to eat the fruit off of that row of trees that bordered where the house was that he had rented. Amen. All they had right then there was no coconuts ready. But there was one stalk of green bananas. And he said, "I prefer eating bananas ripe." He said, "But sometimes we eat them green and fried. I don't like them as well but we eat them. So he asked his wife said sweetheart said do we eat fried green bananas or do we fast for a few days and eat ripe bananas? She said you're the head of the house. You tell me what to do and that's what we'll do. He said well then let's pray. He got down and he prayed. Amen. When they got up, she said, "Do we eat or do we fast?" He said, "We eat." He went and got his machete, climbed up the tree, cut a stalk of green bananas out, and his wife caught ripe bananas. Praise the Lord. I said, "Brother, I believe it. I've seen the Lord do too much that I couldn't dis it'd be impossible for me to disbelieve it." Amen. Praise Holy. The next morning we left riding in a little a little 125 Kawasaki with a side car on it because I was the fat American. I was in the front seat of the little side car deal. When we went to church, there was seven of us on that thing. A brother was driving. Another brother was sitting on the seat. A third brother was sitting on the license on the uh tail light and license plate bracket holding on. I was in the front seat of the little side car. My interpreter, little old bitty brother and another brother was sitting behind me in the side car and the seventh man was hanging on the back of the side car until we started to climb a hill. Then he'd try to pop a wheelie. So he'd get around on the front of it. we'd climb the hill, then he'd get back around the back of it. If there's a desire to go to church, we'll do no matter what that it takes. Amen. Well, I showed him my knife. The next morning we left out and uh we got up to Beak City where we was catching a ferry that you ride the ferry boat about 30 mile over to Eloh of the major islands uh Negros and and Pani and I'm sorry I was just waiting on the fairy. And again, I inherit it from dad. Trimming fingernails with a pocketk knife. You know, I stuck my hand in my pocket. My knife wasn't there. I thought, well, I put it in my bag. I I had a a cloth bag with a a shoulder strap on it. And you can hang off the back of a jeep with that thing slung across your shoulder. I thought, well, I put it in my bag. But that evening when I went through my bag, my knife wasn't there. I uh I come home, I give a missionary report to the church, and I said, "I don't have that knife." I said, "But the Lord restored that knife to me once and he can do it again." Amen. About three weeks later, my interpreter got a letter from Brother Nollie. He said, "When Brother Farmer was here, he was preaching, one day we may have a sign that I've been here, but don't look for me. I'll be gone." I was talking about the rapture. He said, "I have a sign that he has been here." a mile and a half up the road from his house. It had fell out of my pocket. But if I had not showed him the broke blade, can I take you back to teaching on Moses that brother Brandham preached on Mother's Day one Sunday morning? You remember he was talking about little baby Moses that they had to put him in a reed basket and send him on down the river. He said, "If you keep it, you're gonna lose it. But if you lose it, you can keep it." I find in Revelation the 12th chapter that there's a recipe for us. It says they overcame. Praise the Lord. By the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. Amen. Now, I don't cook very much, but I've watched my mama and my wife make gravy. And you know what they'll do? They'll take them sausage trimmings and a little bit of grease and and she'll pour milk in there and go to stirring it. You know what I'm saying? And then they'll sift in some flour. And you know what it makes? Makes pretty good gravy. But what happens if you leave out just one ingredient like the flour? You're going to wind up with hot, greasy milk. It ain't going to make what is intended to. Right, church, if we want to overcome. Tell somebody about the overcoming power that's in you and be a witness of it. Can I share another scripture? I I'm not going to hold you real long tonight. That's how we overcome. If you keep it, if I have kept that testimony that night to myself, I would not have this with me. Wow. 20 years later. If we will tell what God has done for us. If we will tell, it'll cause others. Ye are the salt of the earth. Amen. On that gravy, you're going to have to have some salt in there, too. Y'all know that. What will this earth be if the salt loses it savior? See, God has a plan. God has a plan for Christian birth. I don't know how much longer we got to carry it out. I don't know of anything else that needs to happen. I don't know of anything that's missing that needs to happen before I I take a physical rapture out of here. And hey, if y'all see this a little bit different than me, uh just uh forgive me, but I believe that if we're not caught up if in the word of God and the spirit of Almighty God, Amen. If we are not raptured into that, you won't take a physical rapture. If we're not caught up in the revelation of God's word for our day, don't expect to get raptured out of the earth. Yes, sir. Because we've he said there was three things that he did as he descended. That was the shout, which was the message. Amen. The voice of the resurrection. Amen. When we heard this message and we left the other things because it and recognize that it was eagle food and we left the other things. Amen. The voice of the resurrection is what has resurrected you and I out of that darkness that translated us. It transferred us from that into a higher plane. Why? But be- because we're we're just more capable to get up to a higher step. No, no, no. You could hire a crane and get that high. But there's a desire in our heart to be operating on a higher level with the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I was telling brother Kevin. Sure, it was a testimony, but we was in a meeting here several years ago out in uh Espanolia, New Mexico, out with brother Emanuel Salazar, uh uh brother uh up in Ohio. Boy, it's tough getting old. Brother Wayne Lawson was uh had one of the nights preaching out there. And here right about the end of the service, he went to skipping across the platform hollering, "I'm going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture." And you maybe you've been in the ocean where you get out about chest deep in the water and a wave comes and it'll just lift you up off the sand. just bounce you. You know what I'm talking about. That is what it felt like. And there was a sister there that she thought she is going in the rapture right then turned around to grab a little seven or eight year old boy because she thought she is leaving and she didn't want to leave her baby behind. I was here with the Lord, but I'm looking for here. Amen. Church, if it's being greedy because I just want a a higher realm when the Lord called me greedy then. But I want more of him and more of him because I know that the more of him that I get, the less of me That's right. that there'll be. Amen. Amen. God bless y'all. I I I didn't even get into the quotes that I had. But church, God had a plan. Amenise for you and I. The prophet of God said that he that the enemy could not take him until he had completed what God ordained him to do. Amen. And it's the same way for all of us. What God has ordained for us to do, there's no political party that's going to stop it. There's no Roman Catholic Church that's going to prevent it. People says, "Oh my, brother Farmer, you know what? I got scared when when I heard that there's a a pope from America got voted in. My goodness, that's about a 65 year old prophecy. It wasn't nothing to get scared of. It's I It's just another piece that's that's fell into its place that it was already in God's mind and a prophet just told us that it was fixing to take place. Amen. Did he know what year it was going to be? I don't know. John the Baptist, let him come up to the music or I ain't going to quit. John the Baptist probably did not know what it was all about because when the Lord Jesus come to him and said, "John, uh uh uh I I'm here to be baptized." And he said, "Oh, no." He said, "I have needs to be baptized of thee." And the Lord Jesus just told him, "It's becoming. It's fitting." Brother John. It is proper. Right? He may not have had a revelation that the lamb had to be washed before the the time of its sacrifice, but at the Lord's word, he just obediently did it. Lord, let me be that same way. What where I'm lacking in revelation, Lord, help me. But whether I understand it or not, I believe it. It It just rings right. You know what I'm saying? I appreciate these brothers letting me play with them here a little bit tonight. But you know, have you ever played with somebody that was out of tune? Boy, we know what uncertain sound is when you get into that. But you know, there's something about when it's in tune. I can't even tune my [Music] guitar while brother Kevin's playing. You know why? because my guitar will pick up when he's playing an E note. It'll make an E string on my guitar start to ring. It'll make it start vibrating and I can't even read the tuner. What would it be though if we got in perfect pitch with the King of Kings? Oh, that just when the power of God goes to vibrating around us that it sets us at that same [Music] pitch that we rejoice with him in spirit. What y'all sing? [Music] Oh, spread your [Music] wings, little eagle, and fly. You weren't born for the valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings. Little [Music] eagle fly. You all remember the prophet of [Music] God talking about when he was out there at Kremlin, Colorado hunting and about how oh was that bird really an eagle? Oh yeah, it was an eagle but the storm we we get into some storms, don't we? Had driven it down. It was still an eagle, but that's not really where he belonged. And you know, he he said that little old squirrel was just raising cane down there, just chatter, chatter, chatter, and said pretty soon he had enough of it. He just stretched them wings a little bit. Didn't take a whole lot of flopping, sister week. [Music] and just said it and he was gone. That's what we're fixing to do here in a few days. Amen. You weren't born for the valley. You was born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the [Music] ground. Little eagle and fly. Can we stand and sing it now? Oh, so spread your wings. Little le and fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley, but you were born to soar the sky. Don't let your trials bring you down or drive your spirit into the ground. Just mount up with wings. Little league, go and fly one more time. Go spread your wings little and fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley, but you were born for the sky. Don't let your trials bring you down or drive your spirit into the ground. Just mount up with wings. Little [Music] le. Amen. Do you believe you'll mount up with wings as eagles? Oh, grace, grace, God's grace, grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Oh, grace, grace. Oh, God's amazing grace, grace that is greater than all. Are you thankful for grace upon your life? Oh grace, grace. Oh God's grace, grace that still pardons and plays within. Oh, grace, grace. God's grace, grace that is greater than all. If anyone needs prayer tonight, I know brother Farmer would love to pray for you. Oh, grace, grace. God's grace, grace that still pardens and cleans within. Oh yes. Grace, grace. God's amazing grace, grace that is greater than all our [Music] sins. Amen. Did you enjoy that service tonight? Amen. And I'm so thankful for grace. Amen. Really thankful for the the the testimonies brother uh for shared with us tonight. Amen. Just really encouraged my faith. Amen. Amen. We want to keep Brother Forest in our prayers. Amen. That the Lord would just be with him. Can we sing that again? Oh grace, grace. God's grace, grace that still parted. It cleanses within. Oh, grace, [Music] grace. God's amazing grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. Oh, grace. [Music] grace. God's grace. Grace that still pardons and cleans with him. Grace grace for grace. [Music] grace is greater than all our sins. Oh, grace, grace, God's grace, grace that still pardons and cleanse within. Oh grace, grace. God's amazing grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. Sing it again. Grace. I'm thankful for grace. God's grace. Grace that still pardons and cleanses within. [Music] Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sins. Oh, grace. Grace. God's grace. grace that still pardons and cleans within. Oh, grace [Music] grace. Grace that is greater than all our sins. grace. Grace, God's amazing grace, grace that still pardons and cleanses within. Oh, grace, grace. God's amazing [Music] grace is greater than all our sins. [Music] The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. [Music] You spoke your hand, the more I find you. The more I love you, oh, the more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, the more I love you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, your love is so more than [Music] I. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, your love is so good. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] Oh, the more I seek you. Oh, the more I find you, Lord. The more I find you, the more I love you. Sing it again. Oh, the more I seek [Music] you, Lord, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Lord, fill your heartbeat. Oh, your love be so real more than I can understand. Lord, I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Lord, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. Oh, the more I seek you. Yes, Lord. Oh, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. [Music] Oh Lord, the more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you, the more I love you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet and the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Just feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. Lord, I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. I've heard your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Lord, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. overwhelm me. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise [Music] tonight? Amen. He's an ontime God tonight. Amen. Just really appreciate Brother Forest just delivering his heart tonight. Amen. Let's just keep him in our prayers. He's uh been traveling. He's uh just got in yesterday from Connecticut, I believe. So, he's on his way home early in the morning. So, let's just pray that the Lord just gives him safe traveling mercies and blesses him and his family. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Our pastor uh texted me before the service and asked me to greet the church for him. Amen. He'll be home uh Lord willing in the morning. So, let's just keep him and faith in our prayers. Amen. Amen. Before we go, can we just maybe sing that song? How great is our God? Oh, how great is our God the church there? Okay. Is our God. Oh, and all will see. How great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all names. Oh, he is worthy of all praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How [Laughter] great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all names. Lord, you are worthy of all praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see. How great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God as they would just play softly now. Amen. God bless you. Uh, Brother Forest said, uh, Brother David Morris said to greet the church. Amen. It's been a long time since I got to see brother David Morris. I was telling brother Forest, I think I was 14, 15 last time I got to see him. Amen. Let's just keep them in our prayers tonight. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Maybe we could ask for the tear if you would dismiss us in a word of prayer. Amen. The testimonies of God with you, your neighbor,
