################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-05 - Pastor Shawn Martin He Sent His Word and Healed Them - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-01-05
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "He Sent His Word and Healed Them"
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeYi7WP9nwE
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Well, [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Wow. Woo. [Music] [Music] Welcome. [Music] [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] I got Let's just [Music] restart. It's way too [Music] high. See, all my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my [Applause] gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must end. But you never knew. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelu hallelu. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelu. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched [Music] wide, I will worship you. So throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelu. Hallelu. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelu hallelu. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. May we ask brother Terry to dedicate Jesus. [Music] All Thanks for the help. [Music] Lord, I come to [Music] you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. [Music] And Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I [Music] see in me will be stripped [Music] away by the power of your love. [Music] Oh, hold me close. Let your love surround [Music] me. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. [Music] Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face. The knowledge of your love as you [Music] live in me. Lord, renew my mind as your will unfolds in my life in living every day by the power of your love. Oh, [Music] hold me close. Let your love surround me. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. [Music] And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. [Music] I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from this creature that I once was and redeemed. It's now my hand. I've been changed. I've been for now. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his sway. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. Though my sins were scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. I've been changed. I've been reborn, now all my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. When at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a wretch like me a new home beyond the skies. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. [Music] [Music] There is power in the name name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every [Music] chain. Oh, all sufficient sacrifice so freely given such a price brought our redemption. Heaven's gates swing [Applause] [Music] wide. Oh, there is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain. There is healing in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is healing in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Maybe they could just play soft as we go to these prayer requests. We have one that says, "Our son Brad is now sick with flu. His wife has been sick all week." That was put in by brother Terry. Um let's see. Your sister Crystal will be having eye surgery Friday. Please pray that all goes well with no complications. And then um this is for brother and sister farmer's son-in-law Charles Bradley. Cancer of the lungs, pneumonia and fluid and lungs. Doctors aren't um giving any treatment for cancer. And the daughter uh Rebecca is devastated. That was put in by brother Amos. We also want to remember brother Virgil still. I don't know exactly um the update on him. Um and also brother Shawn's father, brother Durant just continue. He's uh still battling things there. Um if you have a request on your heart, you can make it known before the Lord maybe by uplifted hand. And um brother Mark, do you mind coming and just praying over these requests? Also be with brother Shawn as he comes to [Music] minister. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just count a privilege to be in your house this morning, Lord, to worship you, Lord. We thank you for health and strength you've given us, Lord. Our sound mind, Lord. Lord, we just so many blessings, Lord. We a lot of times we fail. We take them for granted, Lord. But we just want to remember them today and give you thanks for everything, Father. Lord, and all the spoken requests, Lord, for my wife's having surgery, Lord, and Lord, for brother Virgil, Lord, and Brother Farmers. I think son-in-law maybe, Lord, that's got so many things going on in his body, Father. Lord, we know that you can heal them all, Lord. If our faith can just reach out and touch you, Father, Lord, help our faith, Lord. Increase it, Father. Lord, where we can believe for our brothers and sisters, Lord, ones other ones, Lord, that slip of mine, Lord, you know each one, Lord. I just commit him into your hands, Father. Believe, Lord, that you will touch him even today, Father. Bless our pastors. He brings forth the word, Lord. Just help us to pull on the gift in his life, God. Help our hearts and minds be open, Lord, to receive your word. Father, we love you. We thank you. We praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, Father. Y'all can have your seats if you'd like. In the name of Jesus, as brother Doug gets ready to come, power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, there's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. [Music] I remember brother Brown talking about, you know, woman having a baby and the baby didn't know what was out there, but it could, you know, he never want to go back. And if once it got out, you know, in the world, it could see and feel and hear and all the senses. Talking about us going to heaven, how we wouldn't want to come back at all. You know, no way we want to come back this whole world. I surveyed all the goodness come to me from above. If I could count all the blessings [Music] histo and I'm sure daddy grant it again. I want to stroll over heaven with you some glad day when all our troubles and heartache have vanished away. We'll enjoy all the beauty where all things are new. I want to stroll over heaven with you. [Music] So many places of beauty we long to see here below. The time and treasures kept us making plans to go. Come the morning the rapture. Together we will surely be. You can stroll over heaven with me. I want to stroll over heaven with you. I'm glad you and all our troubles and heartache have vanished away. We'll enjoy all the beauty where all things are new. I want to stroll over heaven with you. I want to stroll over heaven with you. [Applause] [Music] Oh, spread your wings, little eagle, and fly. Oh, you were born for the valley. [Music] You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Bound up with wings. [Music] little [Music] evil and [Music] fly. So spread your wings, little eagle, and fly. [Music] You weren't born for the valley. Oh, you were born for the sky. Mom, would you have a song? Get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Down up with wings, little [Music] eagle and fly. As brother Shawn gets ready to come, we'll do this. Word of God [Music] speak. Oh word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty, to be still and know that you're in this place. Please let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God, speak. Oh word of God, speak. Would you pour down my like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Please let me stand and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Oh word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain? Washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Please let me stay rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Would you pour down like [Music] rain this place stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Can we sing it again? Oh word of God speak what you pour down like rain my eyes to see your majesty be still and Lord you're in this [Music] place. Oh yes stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. I believe the Lord has spoken in this day and you know the ministers are just here to echo what has been spoken and that we may rest. Amen. We certainly want to rest. Can you say amen? Amen. and and the musicians can be dismissed. It's good to see everyone in the house of the Lord and um um I didn't know who all would come uh being that the weather is supposed to be getting bad, but uh we will um not keep you too long today. Uh if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Psalms 107. and uh just kind of um changed my thought on the way to church here. And so um trusting the Lord to help us today. Amen. Uh Psalms 107 and 19. I think that's it. And um we want to uh remember uh Sister Shirley Jonce in our prayer and um uh the Lord will just help her. Also, Sister Kim Weeks um text said she's really suffering today in her knees and um with the the weather coming on uh it's caused the intens intensified the pain and so we certainly want to keep her in our prayer. And then uh brother Shmaya uh was just asking for prayer about Shubiel. And uh he's um not gaining weight. He's holding his own. Uh well, when I say he's holding his own, he's taking um uh they're giving him uh formula um to help him gain weight, but he's not gaining weight. But uh so uh little concerned about that. And so I told him we would just pray that the Lord will just um whatever that would be the situation that the Lord will just uh help help and come on the scene God has brought Shouel uh far um you know and helped him and I know he'll help him with this. I just believe that. Do you believe that? Amen. And so let's just pray for these needs and uh we'll just pray for the the word the ministering as well of the word. Father Lord you see the needs that have been presented here today Lord your people suffering uh whether it be cancer, arthritis or not gaining the weight whatever it would be. Father, we don't have to go to many physicians for these different needs. You're the one great chief physician that can meet any need. Father, we're asking that you would do that, Lord. We've seen you touch cancer, drive that uh spirit of cancer out of bodies many times. We've seen you touch and heal arthritis and raise the the crippled out of a wheelchair. We've seen the blind eyes open, Father. We've seen you do so many things, Lord. And Father, this request, Lord, that we're asking of you is is nothing to you. And we're your children. We're believers, Father. We're praying that you would just cause that baby to start gaining weight, Lord. And Lord, just drive back that enemy, Lord, of of affliction. We pray that you would touch Sister Kim where at home, Lord, as she's suffering with intense pain, Father, drive that spirit of arthritis away from her, Lord, as she is proclaiming her healing. A a woman of faith, Father, oh God, we just believe you to do it, Lord. And sister Shirley, Father, you see the situation there. May faith arise in her heart, Lord. And that she could claim your promise of of healing, Father. I don't care what the doctor says and how impossible it looks, Lord. You you you're never too late, Lord. You you can move on uh in the impossibility, Father. I pray that you would just move in the ministering of your word today. Give us the words of life to speak to your people. Father, I pray that you would meet every need here this morning. Anoint me, Lord, and anoint your people. And may we be just elevated into heavenly places. We ask it, Father. and just pray for just a a just a spoken unspoken request Lord uh that has been lifted up today this before church. I just pray that you would meet that need today. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says amen and amen. Uh the book of Psalms 107 and it's it's good to have Sister Alice with us this morning. Amen. And we certainly been missing her and and love love her and and brother Terry immensely. Amen. And um they have been just a real uh uh trooper example to us and I appreciate their dedication. God bless you all. Amen. And um Psalms 107 and and 19 it says, "Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men." Amen. You can have your seats this morning and just to take a simple thought. Uh and he sent his word and healed them. And you know we can't never stress the the power that the word of God has. Uh it is it is powerful and uh this is why God uh gives it to us. Um, you know, he he in the beginning he gave his word uh uh to man uh that man could live by and also that he could uh defeat the devil with. And we know that that even in the garden there was an enemy lurking and and but but God had already given them the means to overcome that enemy and and that was the word of God. And of course, when the they they didn't use the word and then Satan was able to come in through reasoning and get them to doubt their weapon, the word of God. And uh so they began to reason. Uh Eve began to reason with the word of God. And you we will never see the power that the word has. We will never have that full awareness that the of power that the word has when we start to reason. We must never ever reason with God's word. Never. Never. Never. And and it doesn't matter what situation. It does not matter what situation. Uh the word of God is given to us to live by and to overcome. And so it is still our defense against any any demon that comes against us. Uh whether it's in in the spiritual, whether it's in the physical, uh attacking us in the physical, spiritual, mental, whatever it would be. Um uh the word of God is still the answer. And I'm so glad for that. It is so simple to be honest, the word of God that that we don't need to be trained in military. We don't need to be educated in the world's training in psychology to overcome things to deal with things. The word of God is simply our defense and it's def a defense um you know uh to the oldest person here as well as to the youngest person. It it's it still remains the same. So I whatever you're dealing with today whether it uh you know in in temptations you might be having uh you you young people might be having certain temptations and and uh there are temptations I think that we all go through uh on different levels or or whatever and and maybe you sisters have different temptations than us us men and and and things like that but the word of God remains the answer for all things. So the young people, young people, you can base your your life upon the word of God and defeat the devil in your life by the simple word of God as much as the preacher can defeat the devil in his life by the word of God or parents and and things like that. See, so uh uh it it is our defense against any demon that comes against us. And and God would give us his word. He gave us his word because that's the best thing he could give. If if he could give us anything else, he would have done it. But he gave us his own word and we know that the word of God is God. God is the word. So he gives us himself as a defense against the enemy. And so when when God gets ready to do anything, as we know, then God always sends his word uh uh ahead of time. And that's that's that's Bible uh uh scriptural um uh he he sends his word and and the way he sends his word is by what? A prophet. Amen. He sends his word by a prophet. and and so simple but yet so true. And and so when God was getting ready to destroy the earth uh uh in in the time of the antidolivian uh world u um well then he he sent uh uh the prophet Noah. Now uh Amos 3 and7 I just uh got it recorded here. U it says surely the Lord God will do nothing. I didn't have time to give them the scriptures, but uh if they can get it up, that'd be fine. But surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret or we'll say he revealth his word to his servants, the prophets. So God won't do nothing but what? He first reveals his word, which is mystery. It's a secret unto his prophets. See, the world didn't know that God was going to destroy the earth. They didn't know that. But God would reveal it to Noah. And then Noah came with thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. That God was going to destroy the earth. And they didn't know what way of escape if there was an escape. But God would reveal it to Noah that there was a way of escape. And that was the ark. Ain't that right? So God sent the prophet Noah with the word of God. He sent his word to the people. Amen. and those that would believe that word would would live. Amen. And so, uh, he sent his prophet Moses with the word. He sent John the Baptist, a prophet, with with the word of God. And then he sent Jesus. And and we know that Jesus uh was not just a prophet, even though he was a prophet, but he was the word made flesh. He was all the word that the prophets had spoke. He became the word. God was made flesh in Jesus Christ. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and so uh uh the the problem is is the word of God is usually not accepted uh uh because of the way God sends his word. God sends his word to deliver to heal, but it's usually not accepted because he sends it uh uh he sends it and and and uh uh uh by a prophet, if we could call it that. Uh it's hard to get people to believe in in God called men. It's hard for man to get man to believe one another. Ain't that right? and and so uh but but it's so important that we just believe uh what God said. We accept what God sends. I think that's the way we ought to say it. We accept what God sends. He sends his word to heal. And and and and yet we've got to accept what he sends. And and now the the um you know God uh Israel did not get their deliverance until uh uh a little bit after uh um u 400 years. God said that he would deliver them at 400 years uh their um after 400 years in bondage. But but when God sent Moses, they rejected him. When God sent his word in the form of a prophet, they rejected him. And the prophet said they stayed in bondage because they refused to respect the deliverer that had come to deliver them. Ain't that right? You say, "Well, the word was supposed to deliver them." But a prophet had that word. So, he became their deliverer. Amen. He became the mouthpiece of God. Therefore, he became God to them and became a deliverer to them. Ain't that right? See, others others could have come, but they didn't. They weren't the deliverer. But Moses come because he had thus said the Lord. And God always sends his word to his people. See, and so they they they refused to respect the deliverer that come to deliver them. That put them back in bondage again. uh not because God wanted them to stay for the time was exactly right, but they stayed 40 years over because they refuse to accept God's provided way of escape. Ain't that right? Amen. You see, even Noah was God's provided way of escape in his day. For he had thus sayeth the Lord. People didn't get into the ark because they didn't believe the prophet Noah. They didn't believe his message. They ridiculed him. Uh uh but yet the word of God was there to deliver them and and to set them free. When God sends his word, that's an act of grace. It's a show of grace. It's a display of God's mercy to you and I. Can you say amen? Amen. See, and so so he sends a prophet with thus said the Lord. God sending his word by that prophet to heal the people. Amen. And yet it's hard to accept God's provided way of the way he sends his word. See? And so now man is just the veil. The man is just the veil that the word is hid behind. And so we've got to look beyond the veil of flesh and see what is in that veil. What is coming out of that veil? Is it just a man's words or is it God's words? Is it is it something that's going to help us and deliver us or is it something that's going to lead us astray? Can you say amen? But God would never send a prophet to lead his people astray. Amen. It's an act of mercy on God's part to save and to heal and to provide a way of escape. Now see, so so the man is just the veil and and you have to accept that. You have to accept what God sends. Ain't that right? And I believe we're all here accepting what God has sent. But but Matthew 23:39, Jesus said, "I say unto you, you shall not see me henceforth till you shall say, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." Can you say amen? You ain't going to see me anymore until you shall say, "Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." So the people all through the ages had had to say had to acknowledge blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. When God sent Noah, Amen, there was a people that would say blessed is he that have come in the name of the Lord. When God sent Moses, when God sent Isaiah, when God sent Jeremiah, where wherever God sent a prophet, there was an elect that would just simply say, "Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." Not trying to find fault in the prophet, not trying to find fault in his word and his prophecy, but blessed is he. Why? Because that was the way God sent his word. Amen. To heal the people. Can you say amen? See, so when a prophet comes with thus sayith the Lord, well then the people are expected to believe him. Amen. The elect. See, now now Brother Brandham would say all that believe, all that believe the message of that age come in and were saved. Ain't that right? All that believe his message, the prophet's message throughout the ages. Amen. They came in and were saved. And so will it be in any age. And all who did not believe the message and the messenger perished. Ain't that right? Amen. So, so then then God said the the the the he he just before Amen. he sends a destruction. Amen. Just before all devils come in, Amen. Just like in this age before all hell could break loose. Amen. God would send a prophet. Amen. For our defense in this age. Ain't that right? Look at look at what what the demons are doing in this age. Homes are being broken up and marriages are being broken and and people are losing their minds and and people are losing convictions and and things are just going haywire to where people don't know what to do. Just before the devil could have his way, God would send a prophet with thus sayith the Lord to keep you sane and to keep you healthy and and to keep your home intact, to keep your children intact, to keep your marriage intact, to keep the church intact. Can you say amen? Because God would have an elect. Amen. and they would not be part of of the demon uh age of of de uh of demonized uh uh society. They wouldn't be a part of that because God would send his word to deliver them to heal them. Can you say amen? And all that don't believe the message and the messenger uh perished. So now the Bible tells us what the word is. He sends his word. Well, what is that word? Well, you know, uh, and I'm just going to read verses here, but, uh, uh, and I didn't write the verses and scriptures down, but it says, "Thy word is settled in the heavens." Thy word, not man's word. Man will say one thing and then change it to something else. Now, sometimes it looks like God contradicts his own word, but God doesn't con contradict his own word. You got to remember that word is spoken by an all- wise God. That word is spoken by a God that whose understanding is beyond our understanding. His ways are beyond our ways. Amen. So, he doesn't send his word for us to figure it out. God doesn't send his word for us to dissect it and argue with it and debate over it and and try to find answers all around to what God meant. Amen. The prophet said, "God's his own interpreter. He interprets his own word. See, so God sends his word for us just to believe his word. That's all we've got to do. We just got to rest in that word. Can you say amen? Don't argue with it. Don't debate it. Don't try to figure it out. Don't worry over it. Don't stress out over it. Just believe it. See, thy word is settled in the heavens. Another scripture, thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Ain't that right? So he would send his word in the time of darkness. This world is nothing but darkness. And now we see it. It's gross darkness that is upon the people and darkness has covered the earth. It's a time of of great darkness. But thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Thy word. Another place. Thy word is very pure. Amen. There's it's not contaminated. It's pure. It's fresh. Ain't that right? There's nothing that's going to kill you. It'll kill sin, but it won't kill you. Thy word is pure. You can eat this word. It's got every vitamin that you need to be healthy. To be a healthy Christian in this age, just take the word. It's pure. There ain't no deception in it. You You know how it is in in even in medication. You can take uh one thing a certain medication for for a certain problem and it'll break down other things in your life in in your body and and and so you have to take another medicine to to to contradict that medicine and and before you know it, you just become a medicine bomb or a medicine machine or whatever you want to call it. You're so medicated. But the word of God is true. It's pure. It ain't going to break down something else. And you know, I I used to think even in my own self, but I hear other other ministers, other people say, "Well, I just I don't want to even study the word of God. Don't want to get into this message too deep because I'm afraid I'll go off the deep end." This word is pure. You ain't going to go off the deep end. If you're just simply believing the word of God and you're hungering for the word of God, they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they shall be filled. God's got everything you need in his word to fortify you, to make you strong, make your faith strong, make your peace real, make your joy real. Amen. Don't have to have anything fake. It's the word of God. Another place it says, "Thy word is true." All right? Thy word is true. There ain't no false in it. Amen. Amen. It's it's just true. Jesus said, "Thy word is truth." Can you say, "Amen." So, what does the word do? It heals. It saves. It delivers. How many believes that? How many's ever been healed? Have you ever been healed? Well, what done that? The word of God. It wasn't a magician's trick. It wasn't even medication that done it. It was the word of God that done it. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. The word of God saves. How many saved? Well, what saved you? Was it a preacher that saved you? No, it was the simple word of God. The word of God saved me. You just believed the word of God. You didn't argue with the word of God. You didn't doubt the word of God. You just believed it. If if he said, "By my stripes, you're healed." You just believed it. Amen. It delivers. You know, the prophet said, "It takes the word." Everybody say it with me. It takes the word to defeat the enemy. You and I know this is simple. That's okay. But but you you can't worry. You can't worry. Worry doesn't defeat the enemy. Regrets doesn't defeat the enemy. Stress doesn't defeat the enemy. Can you say amen? It's more easy to worry than than anything else. It's more easy to get stressed out than anything else. It's more easy whatever because that's just the carnal nature. But it takes the word of God to defeat the enemy. You believe it? takes the word of God to defeat the enemy. But also the word quickens for for that's what the psalmist said, "Thy word hath quickened me." Man, see, God sends his word for everything. When when when you're struggling, Amen. Let the word of God come and quicken you. when when when you know I there there's just things, you know, that I I may not understand about the message and I'm hearing a prophet and I'm just not getting it maybe the way I I feel like I need to get it and and and and I'm listening to him and I just pray, God, just quicken that to me. I I want that word to be quickened. I I believe it and I want to understand it. I I really want it to to so affect me because the word of God will quicken. It's it's the thing that quickens. Why? Because the word and is spirit and life. Can you say amen? That's right. See, and so the word quickens, it heals, it saves, it delivers. But it also is what's going to bring on a rapture. This word, so simple as it is, is what's going to bring on a rapture. Remember in in in 1 Thessalonians 4, I think in 16, the Lord himself shall descend with a shout, a voice, and a trump. And we know what the prophet said. The shout is the message. So if we can say it this way, the shout is the word of God and the word of God is in the bride and she has become the voice, the final voice to the final age. Can you say amen? What? By her preaching, by this by her living a life. Remember thousands of live voices is what we need to thunder out the voice. Can you say amen? Amen. See? Amen. And the dead. Now notice, the Lord himself shall descend with a shout, a voice, and a trump. And the dead in Christ shall rise first. But before the dead could rise, and before we could be caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air, God had to send his word. Ain't that right? And if you notice, he didn't send a prophet that just agreed with all all the uh theology down through the ages. He didn't just agree with with all of the the things that had been taught through the ages. Even when he did agree with it, the word of God would come and change his thoughts about it. Everybody thought that that that white horse rider was Christ. And even he said it was. But then when the opening of the word came, he said, "I was wrong about that." Not only I but everybody else is wrong about that. Can you say amen? Why? Because the word come but in this day that word had to be revealed. That word had to be revealed before it could affect you. Praise the Lord. You can say, "Well, I've got a Bible. I got a Bible. That's the word of God." But if the word of God is not revealed, so God promised to send a seventh angel. He promised that there would be a seventh angel on the earth at the time of the coming of the Lord. Can you say amen? That's right. To reveal the mysteries. Yes, sir. And if you remember, it was after the church ages were over in Revelations 4 and1 that John heard a voice saying, "Come up hither." What was he? He was summoned to come up. Brother Bram said, "That's the rapture." And and church, look where we're at. The church ages are over. Don denominational angels are finished. Can you say amen? A mighty angel has come with an open book and has his his foot was on the has set his foot upon the sea and upon the land and swear by himself that time shall be no more. The world is falling apart. Everything is is going haywire. But the word of the Lord endureth forever. And that's what he has given us in this age is not just a word but a revealed word. Can you say amen? It's a revealed word that he has sent to heal. Amen. A revealed word. Yes, sir. What is the word? It's his voice. The Lord has spoken. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. The Lord has spoken. And and Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice. They know my voice. They hear my voice." Can you say amen? Amen. Oh, healing is to them. Yes, sir. Because they know his voice. They know they they they accept it in the way it comes. They can ridicule people, ridicule the prophet all they want to, but there's an elect that says, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Amen. Because they'd realize it's more than just a man standing there speaking. It was God in that man sending his word. Amen. Amen. It was the voice of God, the word of God that brought forth the resurrection of Lazarus. And brother Bratton said, "That same voice, that same voice that summoned Lazarus out of that grave is the same voice that summoned you." Can you say amen? You wouldn't be in this message if it hadn't been a voice that summons you. You wouldn't be saved if it hadn't been a voice that summons you. And that same voice that summons you to an altar that summons you, amen, to salvation is also is the voice that summons John, amen, to come up higher, come up hither. It's the voice of God that is summoning us. It's calling us into this rapturing grace. Hallelujah. Well, what kind of a word is it that he sends? He sends his word. Well, what kind of word is it? Is it the word of a man? It's the word of promise. Think of that. It's the word of promise. It's a bloody bleeding word. Ain't that right? I think I wished I had it here so I could get it right. But wasn't it sometime in one of the wars, world wars that they had uh the enemy was or yeah had the enemy had our guys hunkered down. They couldn't get out. They needed help. They needed to send they had no way to send word out, but they had someone had a homing pigeon or had a pigeon and they put a message up on that, tied it to its leg and sent it off. And the Germans saw that and they shot that bird. They kept shooting that bird. Clipped its wing, clipped its whatever and that thing, but it made it home. It made it into the the the the camp. Amen. And there it was all bloody and mangled and all that, but it made it safe. Amen. And and there was and and I love just the prophet can say it so much better. But he talked about how they got that and they began to read the the words, but he said there was blood all over the message, you know, and and he's talking about how this is with the message that has come in our day. It's got blood written all over it. Blood is all over this message. Why? Because it's not a law to you. It's a grace to you. That this word is not to condemn you. This word is to heal you. This word is to set you free. This word, amen, is your help in the time of trouble. Can you say amen? God sent a message with blood on it. Yes, sir. Amen. Oh my. It's a word of promise, a bloody bleeding word. You know, the Bible says it's impossible for God to lie. Can you say that with me? It is impossible for God to lie. It's impossible for God to lie. So when the doctor tells you, well, you got this and you got that, there's no hope. It is impossible for God to lie. That's what you got to say. When when symptoms are there and the pain is wretched, wretching your body, just say it is impossible for God to lie. It's impossible. When when everything is speaking against God's word and everything is contrary to the very word that you're believing, it is impossible for God to lie. God wouldn't send his word. Amen. And only to leave you defeated. God sent his word to heal you. God sent his word. So then when that word is spoken, then it's got to come to pass. That's where that's where you cannot reason with it. No matter how long it lingers, it will come to pass. Do you believe that? It will come to pass. Now we have seen this over and over and over. This is the the beauty of the opening of the word is we have seen promises from Genesis all the way to Revelations that have been laying there dormant waiting for this day and now they're happening. True. Amen. This why this the prophet said the Bible has become a new book. And I I tell you the Bible has become a new book to us. We we're seeing this Bible in a way that the world does not see it because we're not just reading it as historic history or even as a prophecy waiting to happen. We see scriptures happening right now. It was lingering. But God was faithful. And so is he faithful in your life. When God sends his word, it must happen. It must be fulfilled. You just believe it. Ain't that right? See, at the right time, his word will come to pass because God is obligated, not to you. He's obligated to his word that he spoke about you. Now, that's makes it more sure. If God was obligated to us and then we fail him, we come up short, then the answer is what is he going to do now? Cuz sometime many time we feel unworthy. Have you ever just felt unworthy of his promises? You felt unworthy of his love. You felt unworthy of a rapture. You felt unworthy of healing or of deliverance. Amen. You know what I'm saying? And a lot of times it's well then that thought comes, well, you knew better. You should have known better. But now look at you. You know, now what is you know God's mad at you and God's this. But see, God's not obligated to us. Right? Because if he was obligated to us, he he he would probably condemn us. But he's obligated to his word concerning us. And before the foundation of the world, what did he do? He justified us. He called us. He predestinated us. He glorified us. God's obligated to that more than he is to your sins. He's obligated to that more than anything. And then he sends his word that you may believe it and be healed. You believe it? See, so now, Brother Bram said he's obligated to his word. Therefore, he is obligated to heal you. You believe that God is obligated to heal you. As he is to save you. Now, we don't approach God in that way. God, you're obligated. God, I demand. Brother Bram said, you don't demand God do anything. Just believe it. Did you demand God to save you? Did you come to the altar boohoo and crying, "I'm a miserable rich now. God, I demand you save me." You would have never been saved. But you come just upon the basis of God's word believing it that God, you promised it in your word. I just believe it. Now, I'm throwing myself at your mercy. I know I'm unworthy. I know I'm I'm a sinner. I'm wretched. I'm miserable. I you have no you really you have no right to save me in in in that sense cuz I have nothing to bring to you but God you promised and I'm going to take you at your word. All right. Ain't that right? So he's obligated to save you to heal you because it's his word that promised it. And we are only, everybody say, "I am only responsible for believing it." Believe it. That's right. Abraham said, "You don't need to add to it. You don't need to take away from it. Just believe it." Do you have to understand it to believe it? Nope. Just believe it. Do you have to explain it to believe it? Nope. Just believe it. Aren't you glad for that? Yes, sir. See, Noah didn't understand the word that God gave to him. He couldn't even explain how it was going to happen. He didn't understand that what rain was. He He didn't He didn't understand how it was all going to work out. He couldn't explain it to them scientists, them smart men, when they had their instruments and they could they could have they had the proof that there was no rain in them clouds. But he just believed it. So he preached based upon his faith. So do we. We preach, we sing, we confess, we testify based upon our faith. God said it. I believe it. Amen. That's right. Abraham didn't understand it. He didn't understand how everything was going to happen, but he just believed it. And the Bible says he got weaker in in his body grew weaker. His condition grew more impossible, but his faith grew stronger. You believe it? Because he fed off the word of God. He nursed off the word of God. So, you got to nurse off the word. You got to believe it. He sent his word to heal you. He sent his word to deliver. He sent his word to save. He sent his word to bring on a body change. He sent his word. Now, we have to nurse off that word. Hallelujah. Nurse, nurse off the word. Can you say amen? Brother Brham said God is a breasted God. Ain't that right? Not just a breast God, a breasted God. Showing that he's got two breast that you can feed off, the Old and New Testament. Some people just take the old the the New Testament and they leave part the Old Testament as though the Old Testament means nothing. And and then there's some that will actually take the Old Testament and not the New Testament. Amen. But he's a breasted God that you could take every bit of this word and feed off of it, nurse off it and get your strength back. That's right. Amen. You love him. See, the prophets just simply believed it. God had men that would just simply believe it and yield themselves to where the word would be spoken out of their mouth. Now, that's the same thing it is with us, church. Amen. We may not be prophets in that way, but the word of God has come to us by way of a prophet. And the Bible or the prophet said the word is now in the bride. Can you say amen? Amen. And we stand as a prophet now in the sense that the word now has is in us that if we would just simply believe it, yield ourselves to it and begin to confess, speak that word, speak that word, it's not a new word that comes to us outside of what a prophet had. It's the same word. And now we become the final voice. That word is now in our mouth. I am healed. I am saved. My children will be saved. You understand what I'm saying? You're confessing something. The word. Amen. Now, Brother Brham said it's God's word and we have no right to take away from it, but just say it's the truth. Just say it's the truth. Believe it. Not what he says now. No matter what happens, believe it. This is a word that come to us now. This is a word. He's going to take away your doubts. He's going to tell you how to stand toe-to-toe with the devil. You do not stand toe-to-toe by considering your feelings and your s symptoms. You you cannot He'll whip you on symptoms. That's right. He'll destroy you based upon what how you feel and your emotions and and all the many times I don't feel saved. Many times I don't feel healed. Many times I don't feel like I got victory. Many times you you you understand I guarantee you all of us preachers all you preachers you don't feel like coming behind the pullpit many times sometimes you go through discouragement sometime sometimes the word ain't really just tracking you right sometimes you just have to you read the Bible and nothing just stands out to you and you just have to pray oh God give me inspiration give me something to say true but it doesn't matter that doesn't mean I'm not called to preach that doesn't mean that they're not called to preach. Amen. Amen. Right. Well, if we do that based upon the call that God placed upon our life, we don't always feel that call. Even brother Brand went through it. He says, "I'm I I I don't I don't feel like I'm even a preacher." Something like that. I'm not even a preacher. He told his wife, complained to his wife. His wife set him straight. Well, sometimes that's the way we feel. We don't feel a lot of these things. That's right. But we do it by faith. So, so if you do that, if you claim Christianity by faith, then you're going to claim your healing by faith. That's the same way you claim everything is by faith because he sent his word. So notice, no matter what happens, believe it. Anyhow, that's the way the rest of them had to believe it. Amen. Ain't that right? That's the way the rest of them had to believe it. That's the way Paul had to believe the word. He wasn't always in revival. But the word that came to him, he believed it. That's right. Ain't that right? The rest of them had to believe it. No matter what happened, no matter what they felt and how they felt, whether it was in prison, out of prison, whether it was sickness or in health or whatever it was, they just simply believe the word. And that's the way you're going to have to believe it. And we're, see, we're not excluded from that. God gave Palestine to Israel, but they had to fight for every inch of ground they got. The promise is yours, but you have to fight for every inch you claim. The devil will see to that. Certainly, he will. Can you say amen? So don't be afraid to claim promises. Be willing to fack for them. Claim them. Can you say amen? Well, you say, "Well, that would make me act ridiculous." It does not matter. That's the only way you'll be healed. That's the only way. He sent his word. Now you claim that word. You confess that word. Fight the devil. stand toe-to-toe with that stupid devil. Don't be afraid to claim it. God, you will fight every inch of word you claim. For every inch of ground they got, you'll have to fight it. Every inch you claim, you you the devil will see to that certainly he will. Can you say amen? So now I'm of the opinion that a prophet doesn't say nothing or doesn't say something that might happen. I believe what he says will happen because it's thus sayith the Lord. Do I know how it's going to happen? Absolutely not. Do I have the explanations for it? No. I I don't. And I'm not even there. I'm not smart enough to even try to reason it out. I just simply believe it. If God said it, I believe it. Well, why would a prophet say that? I don't know. I I have no idea. I just believe it. Somewhere somehow. I just believe it. You understand what I'm saying? See, well, you say, "Well, that just makes you gullible." No, it doesn't. Because we've got vindication. We got vindication that God has backed this thing up. So, so the word that God sends, we'll put it this way, is a vindicated word. The word that God sends is a creative word. Ain't that right? So he sent a word or we'll say he sent his vindicated word to heal us of all our diseases. So a prophet now and and I'll get very close, but a prophet there's a lot of confusion when it comes to prophecy. I find that people consider prophecy to be the same as though it were a prophet speaking. That's not true. Brother Brham said there's quite a difference between a gift of prophecy and prophet. A gift of prophecy is in the church, but a prophet is born a prophet. That's the difference. This man might prophesy tonight. He might never prophesy no more. It might be on that that woman over there the next night and this man back here the next night and that one over there. But when the gift of prophecy is operating, it cannot everybody say it cannot. This is the words of a prophet speaking. It cannot be received unless two or three judge judge it to see whether it's right or not. But a prophet singular prophet is born a prophet comes up a prophet. Everything he says in the name of the Lord is absolutely truth if he's prophesying. See, so another place Paul said, "You all may prophesy one by one." That's the gift of prophecy, not a prophet. See, there's quite a difference between gift of prophecy and a prophet. The gift of prophecy has to be judged by three good spiritual judges before the church can receive it. Right? According to Paul's writings in Corinthians, the judges has to judge this, has to judge the interpretations of tongues before the church receives it because they wouldn't know. But now you take a person that would a prophet like Isaiah, Jeremiah, Moses, no one, everybody say no one. No one stood before them to judge whether it was right or not. They were born in this world prophets and the word of God was with them. Ain't that right? See, now God would let us know how we would know that the word of God was with them. It would be divinely vindicated. Amen. Now another place now he calls some of us to preach, some of us to teach, some of us with different spirit uh spirits of operation. There's nine spiritual gifts in the local body. There's a gift of prophecy that could be on any person in here tonight or maybe never on them again. That just comes and goes. So, so if you notice every time a gift of prophecy is not always working through one person, right? It can be on anyone. It could fall upon any of us today right here. And it may fall on you today and never do it again. But a prophet is always a prophet, right? Even when he's when he goes in, he he passes on, he's a prophet, right? Never changes. Even his death does not change him as a prophet. For we know that Saul when he called the witch of Endor and he the Samuel appeared to him in the robes of a prophet and and and and told him exactly what would happen. Right. and he had already been gone, but he was still a prophet. See, so he says, see, uh uh there's a gift of prophecy that could be on any person in here tonight and maybe never on them again. That just comes and goes. There's quite a difference between a spirit of prophecy and a prophet. A spirit of prophecy is to be judged by two or three that has discernment before it could ever be given to the church. Ain't that right? See, he said, "But when the old prophets stood, Isaiah and Jeremiah, they had thus said the Lord, they were born from cradle up." See, they were prophets, born prophets. Ain't that right? So then, if a prophecy does not come to pass, what does the prophet say that person is to do? He's supposed to repent. Get get he said he's got a line spirit on him is what he's got. See, and so he's got to pray that thing off of him, right? So then a prophecy can be true and it can be wrong. So you never accept a prophecy as the word of God until it's proven thus. But a prophet is never wrong when he speaks thus sayith the Lord. Therefore we just accept it as the word of God. Can you say amen? So, so we don't want to be confused as to who has the word of the Lord today and who doesn't. Amen. And that's that's one beauty I think uh that uh uh privilege that us ministers have is we don't have to come up with our own revelations. We don't have to come up with something fan fang dangle thing to keep the congregation. You just preach the message. I have I'm not embarrassed to quote quotes. I'm not embarrassed to to say what brother Brandham said. Why? Amen. Because it's the word of God. And I know that word has the power to do whatever you have need of. God would have sent a prophesier if that's what need we need it. But God sent a prophet cuz the word comes to a prophet. Can you say amen? So we don't want to be children and be confused on who has the word of the Lord. Stay with what the prophet taught. Stay with thus sayith the Lord and you will have thus sayith the Lord. Can you say amen? Well, I'm sick. I just need someone to prophesy over me. No, you don't. Come on, church. You've already got thus, sayith the Lord. If you can receive thus, sayith the Lord, it's already there. He sent his word to heal. Amen. Can you say amen? I believe we don't need a prophet to let us know that we're in the last days or a prophesier. We don't need someone to prophesy that we're in the last days. We don't need someone to prophesy that the Lord is coming. It's already been opened up to us by thus sayith the Lord. You understand? So healing is a restoration of health. It's it's healing of the body, restoration of the body. It's a restoration. Healing of the soul, the prophet talked healing of the mind. It's it's a restoration. And so God sent his word to bring healing or to bring restoration. So to think of it, you know, God would send his word. Why would God send his word today? A prophet in this age. We we hit on it and but I want to read to you Malachi 4:2. But unto you that fear my name, shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and you shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. So God would send his word to bring healing. Ain't that right? Healing. But notice, brother Brandon says the healing part there will not be a physical healing as you think as somebody's got saying somebody's got a sickness and it'll be taken away from them. Now, we believe God's already proven that he does heal the sick. He does save the lost. He heals the soul. But now there is another healing. And the son of righteousness rises with healing in his wings. See? And so he says, see that's what he's doing now in type healing sickness, physical sickness, you know, and these things. But he says, but the whole creature will be changed. Rise with healing in his way. He's bringing a change. Oh my. This mortal will take on immortality. This old age will jump into youth. Well, how will it be? I don't know, but it'll be there. And I say it's happening. I I believe we're on the verge of this, church. I just believe that. I I I just believe that this will be our last last year of living as mortals on this earth. I just believe it. Which and the prophet said we should always live every day like the Lord's coming any moment. And I just believe that we're so close to the coming of the Lord. It it it just there can't be much time left. The cup of iniquity is overflowing in my opinion. You you understand what I'm saying? It it's so bad. Even the prophet years ago said we're what is it 3 minutes till midnight or something like that. And I I just believe we're just a second or whatever away from midnight these this day. But but but what so so here we are. He sent his word to bring healing. Amen. Oh, church, we ought to be excited. Your believing is not in vain. Your living is not in vain. Your confession is not in vain. Now, if we can confess that I'm saved, how many believes you're saved? Now, you know you're doing that by faith, right? You know you're doing that by faith. I believe I'm saved. Why do you believe that? Because you accepted God on the basis of his word. Amen. So now we do that with the same as as faith. We the same as salvation. We do that with healing. I believe I'm healed. How many believes you're healed? You just believe you're healed. Well, what are you doing? You're confessing it on the same basis of the word of God. I believe I'm healed. I just believe that. Well, yeah, but you got this and you got that. That does not matter. I'm taking God at his word. Ain't that right? Just like you do with salvation. Amen. You say, "Well, you got mistakes. You got this. You got that." But that does not matter. I'm taking it upon the basis of God's word. That's my defense. Hello. That's right. Amen. Well, we we do that with with with healing of our body, deliverance or whatever. But now we've taken it a step further. I will be in a rapture. I'm going in a rapture. I'm going in a rapture. Why? It's the same faith that says I that I use to to base my salvation upon. The same faith that I'm using to base my healing, my deliverance on anything. I'm basing my faith upon God's word. Well, I'm taking it that he is my healer. Not only for my soul, not only for this old physical body, but he's the changing of this body. Healing for the change of this body. He sent his word that I might be changed in this age. He sent his word that I don't have to grow old. Amen. But I can be changed. The gray hair will be turned back. This old body will be turned back to its youth again. And no more pain, no more aches, no more sorrow. He sent his word in this age to bring a healing. That's right. Hallelujah. Lay hold to this gospel. Lay hold to this word for it's the changing. It's come to change you. If you musicians will come. You love him. Hallelujah. I didn't have a button. All right. Amen. I love the Lord. Amen. The uh changing of our body, church. What how what more blessed could we be? Amen. that God would send a prophet in this age. I hope I don't wear that out of the blessedness of what God has done in this age for us. That God sent a prophet for you. God sent a prophet for me. And the devil fights us on these things. He He tries to get us discouraged. He's tried to get us whatever. But see, if we could just take that word, simple. take that word and just hold it to our hearts and say, "God, I'm not looking to the left. I'm not looking to the right. I'm not looking at all the things that are going on. I'm not looking at the adversary as though he's got triumph over me, but I'm looking to your word." And God gave the word to heal us of all of our diseases. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. That way you can just simply rest to take every day one day at a time. God I thank you. I thank you. You remember the prophet even the prophet himself brother Brandham had to go through it and confessing remember he had something wrong in his stomach. I don't know what it was. Can't remember you might know but he had something in his stomach that he could not eat beans. He could not eat onion. Right. Right. He couldn't eat them stuff. The doctor said, "You eat it, it'll kill you." Said, "Stay away from all that stuff. It'll kill you." That's right. Brother Brham just being a new Christian. And then it wasn't because he was a new Christian. He just simply believed. He sat down. He was craving beans and corn or yeah, beans, cornbread, and onion. Whatever he was craving, told his mom to fix it. And she said, "Oh, Billy, you know, you know, if you eat that, it going to kill you. You know what that doctor said?" He said, "Fix it." Yeah. And he couldn't keep nothing up. And so he took a bite and started to come up and he swallowed it down. Come up. He swallowed it down. Come up and swallowed it down. And I think a lot of times sometimes he lost it. That he'd go around, "Thank God I'm healed. Thank God I'm healed." Go down the street and people say, "Oh, you're looking bad, Billy. Oh, but the Lord's healed me. The Lord's healed me." And there he was, sick as a dog. But one day, and I don't know when it was, but he had his mom to fix it, and he ate it. And instead of it coming back up, it stayed down. And God had honored his word. God honored it. So don't be afraid to take God at his word. That's the seed of Abraham. We just simply take God at his word. I just believe it. I just believe it. Can you say amen? Oh my, I love him. Amen. Oh, you are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Sing it again. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Oh, you are the God that delivers, that delivers me. You are the Lord, my deliverer. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord my deliverer. Oh, you are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord my healer. Aren't you glad for that? You sent your word. That word comes as a revelation, a personal revelation to us. Hallelujah. That's what the Bible says. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. That's what's so important to preach the word. Preach this message. There is no other word that has been given in this age other than what a prophet gave to us. Hallelujah. Preach the message. Believe the message. Live the message. Let that message be received in your heart by faith. Hallelujah. You don't have to question. You don't have to wonder. You don't have to worry. You don't have to dissect it. Just just simply believe it. I think that's the challenge that we all have is just simply believing the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you is our prayer. Can we just stand to our feet? Maybe just lift your hands unto the Lord and Hallelujah. Thank him. You can't thank him enough for what he's done for us in this age. Hallelujah. Oh, you are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Oh, you are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. [Music] You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Aren't you glad for that? Hallelujah. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Sing the last lines. You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be his name. Amen. Hallelujah. I just love the Lord. I thank the Lord for his goodness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. We thank you, Father, for your [Music] goodness. Thank you, Jesus. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. Goders prayer. Blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name. To He answers prayer. God answers prayer. God answers. God bless you. [Music] And I love him [Music] so I love him so I love him He's so good to me. Oh God, he's so good. as we had uh announced um and you can just continue to play but um the Lord willing it all depends I guess if my visa comes through but uh I'm to be headed to Africa uh Wednesday uh flying out Wednesday morning and um I'll be flying uh here to Detroit meeting brother Andrew Glover and then from there would be flying to Africa. And um so brother Amos asked maybe to pray and I would really appreciate that if the church could pray for me and maybe brother Terry and brother Josiah and the ministers, brother Amos could come. And um you know I I really covet your prayers. I am um I'm nervous really nervous. uh getting in a plane, going to another country, and uh then preaching on top of that. So, uh but I do covet your prayers cuz I certainly want to be a help. And I've just, you know, it was kind of a fast decision. Um I I had gotten a call Wednesday or Tuesday night asking if I would be willing to go. They needed to know like right then so we could start processing everything. And so I've just left it in the Lord's hands. Uh if my visa comes through, the ticket's already been bought. It's it's a couple thousand dollars just for the ticket. And the uh brother has paid for that and uh so a lot of things, you know, just pressure right now. Now we got the snow coming in and uh you know just a lot of pressure that I just like uh and uh but I do want to help the people if God wills this for me to come. But anyway, I appreciate the prayers. I'll be coming back Lord willing Monday night. So it's a fast trip. Yeah. Everyone [Music] [Music] [Music] Everything I want to minister [Music] It's nobody [Music] else in Jesus 1 2 3 [Music] 4 appreciate your help and your or your prayers. And um now we've got snow coming and uh you know this weather coming so we're not going to keep you uh uh you know but u brother Amos had asked to maybe say a couple words. You can be seated.
