################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Pastor Shawn martin Holiness - A People Separated Unto God - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    Pastor Shawn martin "Holiness - A People Separated Unto God"
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9W0O_plYr0
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Woohoo. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] in you. Oh, I believe you're [Music] I believe that you are all I need. Lord, I believe [Music] and I believe that you're my portion. And I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Can you stand to your feet? Lord, you hold my yet free moment. Lord, you calm my rageing seas. [Music] Oh, you walk with me through fire. Lord, you heal all my disease. And I trust in you. Oh, I trust in you. Oh, I believe that you're my healer. Oh, I believe that you are all I need. Yes, I believe. Oh, I believe that you're my portion. Lord, I believe you're more than enough for me. [Music] Oh Jesus, you're all I need. Can we sing that verse again? You hold my every moment. Do you believe that this morning? Lord, you calm my raging seas. Oh, you walk with me through fire. You heal all my disease and I trust in you. Lord, I trust in you. Oh, I believe that you're my healer, Lord. I believe that you are all I need. Oh, I believe [Music] and I believe that you're my portion. Oh, I believe you're more than enough for me. Oh Jesus, you're all I need. Sing it again now. Oh yes. Oh, I believe that you're my Do you believe it this morning? Oh, I believe Lord that you are all you are all I need, Lord. Oh, I believe. Oh, I believe that you're my portion. Oh, I believe that you're more than enough for me. [Music] Oh Jesus, you're all I need. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? He's all we need this morning. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor to come and worship you again this morning, Father. Lord, I pray, Lord, that you would just come this morning, Lord. Lord, feel welcome with our praises this morning. And Lord, Lord, you are more than enough for us, Lord. You've healed our diseases. You've turned our situations around, Father. And Lord, we're trusting, Lord, that you would come and and do a work once more, Father, this morning, Lord. I pray that you would walk down these aisles, Lord, that you would touch every need, Lord. Bless the man of God as he comes and brings forth your word, Lord. That you would give him strength in his body, Father. Lord, Lord, bless the congregation, Lord, as they would have ears to hear, Lord, but a heart to receive this morning, Lord, is our prayer. We just love you. We thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? I'm in this church. Well, I'm in this church, this glorious church. I did not born when I was born. I had a new birth some glorious day. Going to sell away. It's by his grace, not by my works. I'm in this church. Oh, I'm in this church. This glorious church. I did not join. No, I was born. I had a new birth. strong glorious day going to sell away. It's by his grace, not by my works. I'm in this church. I'm in this church. This glorious church. I did not join. No, I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by my works. I'm Can we sing it again now? I'm in this church. This glorious church. I did not join. No, I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by my works. Oh, I'm in this church, this glorious church. I did not join. No, I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sail away. It's by his grace. It's by his grace. It's by his grace. Not by my works. I'm in this church. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. When the redeemed [Music] I am I am hit it again. I' been thinking of rapture in our blessed home. I'm off key. [Music] We're all off. Oh, when the go up, go down. Go up a key. Let's try going up a key. Oh. Oh, I am thinking of a rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, how we'll raise the heavenly anthem in that SC city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, were washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. When the redeemed, oh, are gathering in. Oh, what music all was singing and that city will be roll when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed, oh, are gathering in. Oh, then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, were washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet or when the redeemed. Oh, are gathering in. Oh, we have heard his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll see when the redeemed are gathering in. Amen. Are you looking forward to that day? Amen, brother Tim. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Now there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all the flame with a fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn to be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. You one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Now, they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and power for service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. am. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them this morning. Amen. As the deer as the deer panteth for the waters so my soul longeth after thee [Music] and you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, for you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. [Music] For and you alone are my hearts desire and I long to worship thee. For you are my friend and you are my brother even though you are my king. And I love you more than any other so much more than any. Oh, for you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone, Lord, does my spirit deal. Oh, and you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Lord, I want you more than gold or silver. Only you you could satisfy. Oh, and you alone are the real joy giver in the air. Oh love my eye with all your hearts now. Oh for you alone are my strength my shield. To you alone Lord does my spirit yield. Oh, and you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Yes, I long to worship thee as they would just play softly. Now, we've got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known. Amen. But first of all, we want to just thank the Lord for being with Brother John. Amen. During his time. Amen. Maybe we can give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. We want to keep Sister uh Kim Weeks in our prayers that the Lord would just continue doing a work in her there in her knees. Amen. Um Sister uh Janice let me know this morning that Brother Bob isn't feeling well. So, let's just keep uh Brother Bob and Sister Janice in our prayers that the Lord would just be with them. Amen. Brother Amos, sister Lisa is out of town. He's ministering there in Maryland, I believe. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. Also, um Brother Amos texted me this. Uh he says, "Please pray for Brother Keith Buchanan." Amen. I I believe everybody knows Brother Keith. Goes to Brother Barry Coffey's church. Amen. But he is in need of a liver transplant. I believe he's in need of one for a while now, but I think it's just getting worse and he's just not doing too good. But, Amen. If uh the Lord can touch him and give him that uh liver transplant and or uh you know, just choose to to do a miracle in them. Amen. We want to believe for a healing there. Amen. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands, man. The Lord sees every need. Amen. This morning, maybe we could ask brother Terry if he would come and lead us this morning. We want to remember our pastor that the Lord would just use him uh in a special way this morning. Amen. [Music] Uh shall we all bow our heads as we just look the Lord in prayer? You pray in your own way with us as we pray. Lord Jesus, we are privileged to be back in the house of God. We thank you for the some of the even the fundamental elements that sometimes we take for granted just the building we have the air condition the nies of this carnal life we thank you for that but most of all we thank you for the word of God how you open up our heart to the message of the hour Lord I was even thinking about the book of redemption the little book as it were that it wasn't really your desire Lord to hold that book because you gave it to Adam in the beginning before he fell And then of course when he fell he forfeited the rights to the title deed had to went back couldn't go to Satan's filthy hands went back to you original owner and it was held for 6,000 years but Lord in this last end time when the time was fulfilled that Lord that that worthy lamb rose and took that little book and open the seals thereof and sent it down to the seventh angel messenger. We know that we are those names in that little book. And Lord, now that little book, which we are, those names, we hold that little book of redemption because we are that bride, that family that's redeemed in that book. And how we thank you, Lord, in this last day when the world is looking for answers. God put within mankind a desire, a thirst after him. And they try everything in the world to satisfy that thirst. But nothing will satisfy that thirst outside of Jesus Christ the word and he is the word. Thankful Lord you open up our understanding that we might have revelation Lord that you are the only supplier and the allsufficient one. We pray Lord for Sister Kim Brill and we Kimberly Weekes I'm sorry and we thank you Lord for the the know that you're an everpresent help in a time of need. I know that Lord when she has that surgery if should come to that Lord that you'll be with her and we just thank you that you will in advance. We thank you for being with brother John Lord bring him through that a couple of saints that he had and God we thank you because you are an everpresent help in a time of need. Brother Bob I pray you'll touch his body strength him Lord I know he's he's up in age but age is not a factor to you Lord that you said ask believe don't doubt and you can have whatsoever things you desire. just bless them. Help Brother Amos this morning. He preaches at brother uh I think brother Steve probably where he's at up in Baltimore. Bless them. Bless the services and give them travel of mercies back home. And as brother Shawn comes to bring the morning message, Lord, let it be spiritual food in due season, everpresent water from the rock. We we're so thankful, Lord, that to have a church, have a pastor, Lord, have brothers and sisters in Christ to fellowship around the word. We're so blessed in this generation. We thank you, Lord. Receive our thanksgiving. and we humbly send it up to you in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Lord, for you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield, Lord. And you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You can be seated. Sister Jane, if you'd come sing for us. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. Oh, and you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Lord, I long to worship thee. there on the cross where he died for my sin. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] giving his life's blood. This poor wonder to win. [Music] Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] Unto the uttermost. He's wonderful, glorious. Oh, what a savior is mine. He is guiding my footsteps so I cannot stray. Oh, what a savior is mine. He sent us a prophet to show us the way. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] Unto the uttermost. He's wonderful, glorious. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] Unto the uttermost. He's wonderful, glorious. Oh, what a savior is mine. [Music] know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Sing it again. Well, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. I know he's coming back. Well, I know he's coming back. Oh, I know he's coming back. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. You see, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. Can we stand to our feet now? Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. Well, I know it was the blood for me. You see, one day when I was lost, oh Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Amen. Are you thankful for the blood this morning? Amen. As we invite our pastor to come, he is here. He is here. [Music] Hallelu [Music] He is here. here. Amen. And he is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. Oh, he is here. Just listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. For he is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Sing it again. is here. Hallelujah. [Music] Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Well, aren't you glad he's here? Do you believe he's here? Amen. We've invited him and I believe that he is faithful to his word. And he said where two or three are gathered in his name, he'd be here. And and so we're really under expectation because when God is here, the supernatural takes place and there's no need to uh be despondent. Amen. And we can just cast all our cares upon the Lord knowing that he will take care of it. Amen. Well, it's good to be here in the house of the Lord and um just uh a beautiful day today that the Lord has blessed us with. Amen. And um the musicians can be dismissed and appreciate an for being willing to fill in today and done a good job. Amen. [Applause] And um I heard it's their first anniversary. Is is that right? So, um they've made it one year [Applause] and um so we're uh we're happy for them and um um we're uh just thankful for the Lord and and also just as it was said, thankful that God spared brother John and um doctor said he had a light heart attack the other day and and Um, I know we were a little bit, you know, even with praying and trusting the Lord and all that good stuff and but they kept him downstairs, you know, in the where he was supposed to be going to get checked out for six, seven hours and they said it would only be two hours and uh wouldn't call, didn't call. So, uh, poor sister Kim, she was, uh, trying to hold it together and, um, so when they brought him back, she just, uh, unleashed a river of tears. Amen. But, uh, so she was glad to have her hubby back in the room and safe and sound. And we're glad to have brother John back with us. And, Amen. We we certainly don't take things for granted. Um, life is so fragile, but I tell you, it's just the grace of God. Amen. That we're all here today. Amen. And good to have brother Enoch with us. Praise the Lord. I didn't know if you went back to Africa or uh got lost somewhere, but anyway, good to have you back. And um we love the Lord. Uh Brother Andrew Schuler, uh Andy, I was corrected. Andy Schuler um will be with us next Sunday and the Lord willing. So uh looking forward to uh hearing him and uh what the Lord would have upon his heart. Uh communion tonight uh this evening and brother Tim I told you five. It's actually 4:30 and uh 4:30. So, communion this evening at 4:30 and um I think that's when we uh were having our evening services was at 4:30. And so, we're just going to keep it that. Um and then prayer service tomorrow night at 7. Amen. So, those that can come tomorrow evening, we'd love to have you. If you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Jeremiah, the 31st chapter. Amen. And um had a wonderful time yesterday uh fellowship and um um I just felt like the Lord blessed us with a wonderful evening and beautiful um well nice weather. It wasn't too hot and uh so uh nice and just a good time of fellowship. Amen. Uh before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and talk to our Lord. Amen. We certainly need him. Amen. Father, we your children humbly bow our heads, Lord. And asking for your help, Lord. We're just mere mortals. And we we can read the book. We can talk about it, but Lord, it would take you to reveal it and give us understanding. And Father, as we see the time that we're living in, we realize we need you more than ever. We need a greater revelation, not not a new message, Lord, just a more revelation of what the message is speaking to us. And I pray that you would give it today, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just anoint both speaker and hearer. Help me to get myself out of the way, Father. And may you be able to speak through me. I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. So, we'll start in uh Jeremiah 31 and we'll read the first three verses. But it says, "At the same time, sayeth the Lord, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people." Thus said the Lord, the people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness, even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest. The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying, "Yay, I have loved thee with an everlasting love. Therefore, with loving kindness have I drawn thee." Amen. Then if you'll turn to the book of Isaiah, um Isaiah uh chapter 43. Amen. And we'll start at the first verse. Isaiah 43 and 1. But now, thus saith the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name. Thou art mine. When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee, and through the rivers, they shall not um overflow thee. When thou walst through the fire, thou shalt not be burned, neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. For I am the Lord thy God, the Holy One of Israel, thy Savior. I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Sa for thee. Since thou was precious in my sight, thou hast been honorable, and I love thee. Therefore will I give men for thee, and people for thy life. Fear not, for I am with thee. I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west. I will say to the north, give up, and to the south, keep not back. Bring my sons from far, and my daughters from the ends of the earth. Even everyone that is called by my name. For I have created him for my glory. I have formed him. Yay, I have made him. Then the 21st verse, this people have I formed for myself. They shall show forth my praise. Amen. You can have your seats this evening or morning. And um my title would be um holiness, a people separated unto God. Amen. And um you know um holiness is a um it's a word that um maybe is not often mentioned and and maybe when it is mentioned it's been used in reference to moral standards and uh a code of ethics And I guess some have maybe have limited um holiness to uh uh certain dress code, you know. Um a woman that um wears long skirts and um long hair and no makeup and no earrings. these things. We would call her a holiness lady. She's she's a she's a holiness lady. And a man that has long sleeves and short hair and uh clean shaven and uh no rings and things like that. Uh we would call him a holiness man. He's their holiness. And so we would identify them uh with a certain group, a holiness group or or whatever. And morals and ethics and and dress code and and these things, you know, they're they are associated with holiness. And when I say dress code, biblical dress code uh is is associated with with holiness. But holiness means more than than those things. Um, and that's what I want to talk about uh this morning. And and and I won't get to my whole thought this morning, but we'll just start out. But uh uh the word the word holy and I want you young people to uh listen to what I say because this will be applicable to you as well because I I believe that the Christianity the message salvation it's it don't only pertain to parents adults preachers it it it it pertains to you young people and I pray that God will help you to understand and it really burns something within you to want to get closer to the Lord. Um but the word holy first of all it means having a divine quality and so then then we would know that God is holy outside of God there is no divine quality there is no divine nature there there's there is no holiness so so brother Bram said God only has one nature and that's holy ess. And so this is why holiness is considered godliness. Holiness and godliness uh is the same thing. It's it's cleanliness. It's purity. Uh because it's God. God. Yeah. There there's nothing there's no impurity outside of God. Um um or or in God has no impurities. God is all pure. God is all holy. God is clean. He's just. He's that's that's God, right? And so, uh, the word holy or holiness, we know, would not exist without God. Uh, we we wouldn't even know the word. We wouldn't know the meaning of that word. We wouldn't know the experience of that without God. And so holiness cannot exist anywhere apart from God. Without God there is no holiness. And as you see that when God departs from something, watch what takes place. Uh because God is holiness. He's holy. Ain't that right? And so he is so holy that we find in in Isaiah the the first uh or the first part of the book uh that Isaiah uh he was in the temple and God showed himself. He said he saw him sitting upon the throne and and the the earth or the temple shook at the presence of God and and uh he saw the angels having to cover their their head, their eyes. They covering their feet and and um uh and and and they they were doing this in the presence of God. These were seraraphims that that never left the presence of God. They they they they were created for the presence of God. Not one time did they have they ever left the presence of God. They have no sin. They know no sin. They have no sinful nature. Nothing like that. And yet God is so holy that they have to keep themselves covered at all times. And so uh uh we find you know that um brother Brandham said these these uh serapims they just burned the sacrifice making a way for the worshipper the saint. See and yet they cover their faces in the his presence with reverence and humility. Ain't that right? God is so holy that he cannot stand sin. Right? He there is no sin in God. He cannot stand sin. And sin as as the prophet has taught us is unbelief. The he can't stand uh this this sin. And he cannot stand the works of sin. See, and so um when you think of it, unholy things, the unholy works of man is just an abomination to God. Uh it's and and this is why he destroyed the the the world in Noah's day. This is why he destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah in in the days of Lot. It was so filthy to God. It was so much sin and and corruption. It just become a putrid to God and and he couldn't stand it any longer to where he destroyed uh the people of that day. Amen. Now another definition for the word uh holy or holiness it means set apart for the service of God. Amen. Set apart for the service of God. So in other words there there's a holiness that that brings a separation. Amen. And it means devoted entirely to the deity or the work of the deity. So set apart for the service of God. Devoted entirely to deity. And and we'll say it this way, devoted entirely to God or for the work of God. Can you say amen? See, and so then then holiness having a divine quality and and set apart for the service of God, devoted entirely to God or the works of God. See? And so then then we we find this is where the separation when we talk about separation uh this word set apart means separated. Dedicated everybody say dedicated. Dedicated. Now when we think of dedicated I um you know being uh work having worked in uh some in the electrical field um you know there's some parts of the house that or appliances or whatever that that well you you you can you can run a circuit and have one circuit and you can have lights um uh not just in one room but you you can put lights in in the kitchen and and and and and then put lights in the living room and you can put them all on one circuit. You can put um uh three bedrooms of recepts um and you can you can put three or four bedrooms and tie them all together to one circuit where one breaker of uh uh turns on or turns off uh uh all the recepts in in three or four rooms at the same time. One circuit. But when it comes to like a refrigerator or uh uh a washer or whatever you you it's a we call it a dedicated circuit. There's nothing else that that will feed off that line uh that circuit except that one thing. It's it's dedicated for that purpose that that object right. And so when we think of dedicated, set apart, dedicated to keep for an intended purpose, then then when God established his church, and this is what he was telling the people, you are you are you are mine. You are mine. I have set you apart and I've dedicated you for one purpose and that's my purpose. A ain't that right? See, so then set apart. It's not to be mixed with, it's not to intermingle with other things. It's not to be used for other things than what God intended for it to be. So, so holy. So when we think of the word holiness, it it God would set apart a a people for for himself and they are dedicated. God would dedicate them for that particular purpose. They're not to be used for the devil. They're not to be used for worldly things. They're not to be used for any other thing than what God intended for them to be used for. Ain't that right? See, the Bible in the Old Testament talks about a man and a a woman uh who would have uh they they would make a vow which would be a Nazerite vow. And and and the prophet or the Bible says that what what they do when they make this Nazerite vow is they separate themselves unto the Lord. So that's what a Nazerite vow is. They are separated unto the Lord. They're they're and and so uh uh brother Brandham says that we all every Christian makes that Nazerite vow. Every every believer you make that Nazerite vow that we are separated. It's this is holiness. See uh uh because and again we we'll get into to to a lot of the other things about holiness but but but see I've seen holiness people when I say holiness people long skirts long hair and all that and yet they they're watching all kinds of things. They're talking filth. They're they're they're smoking. They're drinking. They you know and and but yet they call them they're called holiness because of their dress codes and and these things. Well, but but but there's got to be a a greater holiness, a greater meaning to holiness than than just dress code. You you've got to be separated un unto the Lord. And so because of their separation, when they make this Nazerite vow, because of their separation uh unto the Lord, God requires them to separate from things of the world. He required them to separate from wine and and and and o other things because this vow uh God God showing that you just don't make a vow and and and just continue on. There has to be things that you separate from. Uh can you say amen? So then uh uh we find now um in this God speaking of this Nazerite vow number six and three um it says God says he shall separate himself from wine and strong drink and shall drink no vinegar of wine or vinegar of strong drink neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes nor eat moist grapes or dried all the days of his separation he shall eat Nothing that is made of the vine tree from the kernels even to the husks. All the days of the vow of his separation. There shall no razor come upon his head until the days be fulfilled in which he separateth himself unto the Lord. He shall be holy. Can you say amen? See, his separation made him holy. See, he shall be holy and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow all the days that he separateth himself unto the Lord. He shall come at no dead body. He shall not make himself unclean for his father or for his mother or his for his brother or for his sister when they die because the consecration of his God is upon his head all the days of his separation. He is holy unto the Lord. Can you say amen? In other words, he's dedicated unto the Lord. He cannot for nothing else. He can't do it for his mother's sake, his his mama or his daddy, brother, sister, whatever. He he in the days of his separation, he is holy unto the Lord. Ain't that right? So to be holy is to be separated un unto the Lord. Amen. And and and so it it's like Aaron uh uh his his um had garments. He was the high priest in the Old Testament and he had garments that God himself called holy. They were holy garments. See, and in Exodus 28:2, I didn't give them the scriptures, uh, but hopefully they can type that in. Exodus 28:2, it says, "And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, for glory and for beauty." See, and thou shalt speak unto all that are wise-hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. See, so, so Aaron could not even uh officiate as a priest without these garments. So, these garments were not to be worn just any average day. Uh uh they were holy garments. They were dedicated for a specific thing. Amen. And Aaron could only put them on when he was officiating uh uh as a high priest. And and and and he could not officiate without these garments. See? And so the fourth uh verse breaking in, they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brethren or thy brother and his sons that he may minister unto me in the priest's office. See, so then these garments were made different from all other garments to show that the separation. Ain't that right? Amen. So you you this this wasn't assembly line garment. Amen. This was a specialm made uh uh uh uh by divine order of God. God gave the instructions on how this garment was made. Amen. And and and it was it was a a particular garment to show the separation. So he couldn't just wear common everyday uh uh things of the world. He had to have something that was separated for this purpose. A ain't that right? So then we find the tabernacle that Moses made by the commandment of God had a holy place. Amen. It was a room that was separated from the outer courts and only the priests could enter in. Then there was the holiest of holies. A room that was separated uh uh um uh from not only the outer court but the holy place. It it was a separated room. A they they weren't combined together but but God would separate that room from all other rooms uh the outer court and the inner court and separate them. It was the holiest of holies. See and and and this room was separated for God alone. God would come into this room. He wouldn't go in the outer court. Wouldn't come into the the holy place. It would be in the in the holiest of holy that a a room dedicated for him to come and dwell. Ain't that right? And in this room was the mercy seat and God would come between the cherubams. See, and the high priest would come and make an atonement and there would be blood upon that mercy seat. Ain't that right? See, in this room, a separate room was the mercy seat. In in that room was the ark of the covenant, the word. Amen. And here is where the blood was. Now, now to think of this, we are a three-fold being. Amen. We're body, spirit, and soul. Ain't that right? And and and and we actually type out that the outer, inner, and the outer court, inner court, and the holiest of holy. Our flesh uh uh uh is is our is the outer court. Amen. And brother Bram talks about these things uh in in in the earlier part of his message uh uh ministry. But the outer court is your flesh. The inner court is your spirit. Amen. But the the your soul your soul is the most holy place. That that soul is where God dwells. That that soul is where the word must dwell. Thus the soul is where the mercy seat is. See, it's it uh Brother Brham said in one place, the mercy seats in your heart. Amen. The blood would be applied and and that's where God would dwell himself, but it has to be something dedicated for his dwelling place. Can you say amen? It there's a holiness there that God is is after. It's it's a people that are dedicated. And when he when he calls you for himself, it's not just a um h a dress cold or things like that, he wants your soul, amen, to where he could dwell in. See, your your your outer flesh is going to have your ups and downs. Your your spirit is is is going to be affected by things and as as as was with with the the outer court and the inner court in the in the New Old Testament. But that that soul is is where God would dwell in in in the in the uh between the cherubams. Can you say amen? Amen. It's in that holiest of holy is where God would make his vindication known. A ain't that right? See, and and so the soul then must be separated unto the Lord for God alone. See, anything that was used for God's service was considered holy. There was the vessels that they were holy vessels. There was the oil that God uh called holy oil. There was the holy altar. There was holy perfume. See, and and none of these things were to be used outside of what God intended for them to be used. Ain't that right, God? God is is uh he's particular if if he's going to make something and and and if you notice all all of these things uh uh God required them to make and he gave them the instructions on how to make them because he didn't want just old blowjo down the road making something and then and then be brought in. He designs it. God designed it. God had it made. Amen. And when God made it, Amen. It was to be used only for his purpose. Now, so so they were set apart. The lit levitical priesthood was set apart for the service of God. Therefore, they were called holy. The the the prophets, the Bible called the prophets, even holy men of God because they they they spoke God's word. God would uh uh uh raise them up. Amen. They were dedicated for his purpose and his purpose alone. And I'm talking about true prophets, not false prophets, not not Balum, you know, that that could be hierlings and and all of these things, but these were prophets that that were dedicated to speak the word of God to the people. And they were called holy, holy men of God. Now, notice what God said to Israel in Deuteronomy 7 and6. Thou art an holy people. That's right. Unto the Lord thy God. For the Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself. How many believes you're special? You're a special people. Young people, you're special. I don't care what the world thinks about you. You're special. I I wish you could really I wish you young people could really understand how special you are to God. The Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself above all people that are upon the face of the earth. The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you because you were more in number than any people. For you were the fewest of all people, but because the Lord loved you. That's right. And because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the ha house of bondman, and from the hand of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. Ain't that right? So then he had chosen them to be a special people above all people. Think of that. It wasn't that they were trying to be better. God made it. God chose them to be a special people. They were the people that God made the covenant to. They were the people that God redeemed. They were the people that God made an atonement for. They were the people that had the promise. They were the people that had an inheritance that God himself gave them. God made them special. Yes, sir. He separated them. Notice he separated them by redeeming them. Just like he separates all of us. Not not by our standard of clothes, but by redeeming us. There were people whose names was in that book. That's right. Right. Amen. And God redeemed those names and separated them. Amen. So separated were they that God told Israel not to make any covenant with the nations. Amen. That he cast out before them. Remember he said, "I'll drive the nations away from y'all. The Hittites, the Hivites, the Jebusites, and all the itites. And God told them, "Don't make a covenant with them. Don't do it. That's that's the enemy. That's my enemy. Your enemy is my enemy, right? And my enemy is your enemy. Don't make a covenant with them." But he told Israel to smite those nations and utterly destroy them and show no mercy to them. Are you with me? That still stands today. That was that was to a natural nation, a natural people. Today is spiritual. Ain't that right? He told Israel to smite those nations and utterly destroy them. Show no mercy. And they were not to make marriages with them. No intermingling in marriage with them. I don't care how beautiful that girl is. Don't touch her. Hello. I don't care how well handsome that that young man is. Don't you touch it. Don't you mix yourself with him. Ain't that right? Notice why would God say these things? Because he says this, "For they will turn away thy son from following me that they may serve other gods." Hello. I've called you to be dedicated for me. And the moment you start mixing with them guys and you start mixing with the enemy and and all these things, they have no covenant. They have no promise. They have no inheritance. I am not their God. Yes. And the moment you start mingling with them, Amen. they will turn your sons and daughters away from me to serve other gods. So will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you and destroy thee suddenly. That's what he says. See, so what would God command them to do? They were to they were to destroy their altars, the enemy, the heathens, altars that were designed and built for other gods. God told Israel, you destroy them, right? See, so God does I mean, we're we're God requires his people to do something. If you're separated unto me, you believe you're separated unto me, I'm going to ask you to do something. I'll drive them from be from before you. I'll I'll drive them out of the land. But what is remaining, you destroy. You take every altar that they have built up, destroy. Don't you try to offer unto me a sacrifice by that altar that they have made. I've got an altar that is holy. Can you say amen? I'll raise up an altar that is dedicated unto me. Them have been dedicated unto their idols. Destroy it. Amen. Break down their images, cut down their groves, and burn their images with fire. Why? Because they were a holy people, separated unto God. That's right. That's right. Don't tolerate with all that. Can you say amen? Amen. When you know we we you you read about it the handwriting on the wall. When did that happen? Why did it happen? The Bible tells us that the wicked king remember Israel uh by Nebuchadnezzar and it was by the hand of the Lord because of their sin disobedience that they went into captivity into Babylon. Then it was the next king. I think maybe the son of Nebuchadnezzar. I don't I I I don't know that right away. But it was King Belshazzar. Later on uh was having a feast. He was an ungodly king uh wicked and and so he uh wanted to have a feast. And so instead of using his his cups and his things that were dedicated for their gods, he he commanded that they bring Jehovah's things. See, because when Nebuchadnezzar uh took Israel captive, he took all the holy things back to their land. And so the things that were used to drink uh unto God and and to make sacrifice unto God and and all these things, he brought the holy things and stored them away. Now, here's this wicked king. And he commanded the vessels of the Lord to be brought up so that he and his princes and his wives and his concubines might drink from them. Hello. Now Daniel 5 and4 it says they drank wine and praised the gods of gold of silver of brass of iron of wood and of stone took things that were dedicated to God. took holy things that God had dedicated for himself and that wicked people began to use them things for their gods and God was displeased. In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaster of the wall of the king's palace. And the king saw the part of the hand that wrote. Now they he was troubled and and and uh it it was so it was so bad that every well the Bible says that actually the king wet himself. He when he saw this it it was a handwriting on the wall and he was troubled. So, so the the the uh they they brought in Daniel the prophet to interpret the handwriting. And this is what he said. God hath numbered thy days. He's interpreting the the the handwriting on the wall. God hath numbered thy kingdom and finished it. Yeah. Thou art weighed in the balances and are found wanting. Thy kingdom is divided and given to the Mes and the Persians. No long no sooner had he stopped there that the enemy had come in. Amen. And and and captured uh uh uh the king and and the the the kingdom. See, but it's it's see you people got to be careful because now notice what's happening. The prophet in this age told us there is a handwriting on the wall. And I believe that handwriting on the wall has come by the very same actions that this king did. They're using dedicated things, things that are dedicated to the Lord. Amen. This is why brother Brandon would talk and he was so against these guys that would sing country music out there and then come into the church and sing holy songs. Songs that are dedicated for Christians. dedicated, amen, for Christians to sing unto God. And you got these filthy unc unconverted men, women that will sing out there in the bars, play for the devil, and then come into the house of God singing holy songs. There's a handwriting on the wall. preachers that forsake the word of God, taking this word that is holy and consecrated and they're they're mixing it with their own ideas of their own opinions, their own ways, their traditions. The handwriting is on the wall. Amen. See, there's things you cannot mix God. You cannot mix things of God, holy things with the world. Right. See, so God didn't like the fact that something that was to be used for his own glory was used to praise on other other gods. Ain't that right? Now, one thing that our opening scriptures have in common is that God claims a people for himself. This is a people that he has chosen to work through. This is the people that he has called to show forth his glorious works. This is a people that he has called to manifest his presence and power. Ain't that right? So God, this is a people that has separated unto the Lord. See, now notice uh in Leviticus 20 and 24, God said to the children of Israel, I am the Lord your God. Well, aren't you glad for that? What a comfort that would be. other gods. Heathens had other gods. Gods of wood, gods of gold, gods of silver, gods of stone, gods of whatever. But God looks at that group of people and says, "But I am the Lord your God." Can you say, "Amen." Now, think of it. There's a lot of people out there worshiping idols and they have no protection. They have no they they they have no uh uh uh uh relationship with. But yet here's the living God, the only God that that says, "I am the Lord your God." Ain't that right? Which have separated you from other people. Oh my. God separated them that he could be their God. Ain't that right? Now the 25th verse uh Leviticus 20:25 says, "And you shall ye shall therefore put difference between clean beasts and unclean between unclean fowls and clean. And you shall not make your souls abominable by beast, or by foul, or by any manner of living thing that creepeth upon the earth, which I have separated from you as unclean. Amen. And you shall be holy unto me, for I am the Lord. I the Lord am holy, and have severed you from other people that you should be mine. Amen. Can you say amen? Think of that now. God himself severed this people that they should be his. So he wanted their way of living to be different from all the others. He wanted their way of worship to be different from the others. He wanted their sacrifice to be different from the others. He wanted their teaching to be different from the others. Can you say amen? They were to know the difference between clean and unclean. They were to know. God separated them. He severed them from all the other people for himself. Now he commanded them, "You shall know, know the difference between what I call clean and what I call unclean." Ain't that right? See? And so if he separated something from them as unclean, he did not want them bringing it back into their sacrifices, into their worship, into their camp. Amen. Can you say amen? Yeah, it saddens me today that most a lot of people talk about the Lord, but they don't know the difference between what God has called clean and unclean and what God has taken out from the camp by a way of a prophet in this age. The churches are bringing it in. Yeah. So, God didn't, now notice, if if you'll understand this, God didn't just separate the parents of Israel and only consider them to be holy, but the children were to be separated. The children were to be holy. Can you say amen? Amen. And God put that responsibility on the parents. Amen. To keep their children and teach them the way of the Lord. Amen. Can you say amen? That's right. You see, this is where we're coming to now. This is where the the the world is today is we've got a generation that ain't been taught God. Because parents ain't doing their job. Brother Bram said, "It's not juvenile delinquency, it's parent delinquency." We want to talk about God. We want to talk about the things of God, but what about our children coming up? Can you say amen? We don't teach them to be faithful in the house of God. Work is too important. You're just like a layout of sin. you you're not coming in as a holy unto God, holiness unto the Lord. And you're teaching your children to do the same thing that whatever God says, don't you worry about it. Money is more than what God says. Work is more than what God says. Can you say amen? Have you not understood that God has promised to a people that he has separated that I will be the Lord your God. I will be your provider. I will be your protector. I will be the one when you have the need. Don't you look to your boss. Don't you look to other things. Look unto me, saith the Lord, and I will bring forth. I'm the God of miracles. See, God has separated a people that he could be a God of miracles to. Yes. Do we Are we lazy? Absolutely not. God tells us to work. But when you put work, Brother Bram says it's okay. Amen. He says it's okay to miss work now and again. He said, "But don't you miss Sunday school? Don't you miss church? Can you say amen? Why? You're holy unto the Lord. Holy unto the Lord. Leoa has put God aside. But there is a people living in Leosa that has been called and separated and severed from the other people that they would be holy unto God. Can you say amen? That's exactly right. Now listen church. It's impossible to be a Christian without there being holiness. If if there's no holiness, there is no Christianity. We We've mixed Christianity so much with the world that everybody's a Christian. Anybody that talks about God is a Christian. Oh, they must love the Lord. If bobbed w if they're still cutting their hair, it's not holiness unto the Lord. If they're wearing their makeup, it's not holiness unto the Lord. If they're wearing earrings, the Bible says or the prophet said that's devil stirrups. See, there's got to be a holiness unto the Lord. Amen. That's true. Can you say amen? Now, the Bible says that without holiness, no man shall see God. That's the word of God. Ain't that right? See, so therefore, God would have to separate us if we're going to see God. Amen. Ain't that right? See, now now if you look also there in Isaiah 35:6, it says, "And in highway there there there shall there be and a way, and it shall be called the way of holiness, the way of holiness." Right. So say that again. and and in highway shall there be and a way and it shall be called the way of holiness. Notice the unclean shall not pass over it. But it shall be for those the wayfairing men, though fools shall not heir therein. Amen. Can you say amen? Now the prophet says it's not called the highway of holiness. Yeah. Yet a highway goes back and forth. But a way of holiness, one way, one way, right? It's a way of holiness. And the way of holiness, notice, is in the middle of the road. It's what brother Bram said. It's in the middle of the road. Amen. See, he says on one side of the road, you have knowledge and wisdom. cold, starchy formalism. On the other side of the road, you have wildfire and and fanaticism. Ain't that right? But the middle of the road, we all know a middle of the road is built in such a way to as to wash trash, keep the road clean. All the trash ends up on this side or that side. Brother Brown says that the road is built the middle of the road to where there's no mud puddles. There ain't no water puddles in the middle of the road. In other words, God's going to make sure you don't hydroplane and wreck up somewherees. It's a way of holiness. That's right. Can you say amen? Now, the middle of the road, Brother Bram said, "The most important thing of the day is a God sent preacher who knows how to rightly divide the word of God. He's not going to put you on this side and he ain't going to put you on that side. He going to keep you right in the middle of the road." Ain't that right? who knows how to rightly divide the word of God. Their gift is far beyond anything that could be done in anything else. Now, I want to say this, this message is a balanced message. Yes, it is. I know people people you know when I first come into the message you know I uh uh uh I I saw so much so much stuff and nonsense uh uh that I I was personally scared to to get into the message to dig into the message and and and others were too that I had talked with oh you don't need to know get all that because you'll go w you'll go wacko you'll lose your mind you'll do all that but then I found out it's the message that keeps me balanced Amen. It ain't putting my ideas to it. It ain't me interpreting it. It's just following the message. Say what a prophet said. It will keep you balanced. Ain't that right? See, and no person can walk this way of holiness without it. Amen. Are you with me? Now, remember, Brother Brham's mother had a had a dream. That's right. Of brother Brandham standing by three steps. He was preaching, telling everyone that they had to walk these three steps before they hit that highway. That way of holiness. And on the highway, he says, was was pearly was a pearly white line that led to the doors of heaven. That way of holiness. It led to the is the only way that led to the doors of heaven. And those three steps that brother Bram was standing by, brother Bram said was justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You had to climb those three steps to get on the way of holiness. Ain't that right? He says, "And then there come here here come a lady with high heeled shoes on." And brother Brandham tells her, the messenger, the prophet of this day told her in this dream, "Wait a minute, sister. You can't walk that way with that. You You can't do it." And she looked around at the rest of those women and said, he said, "Don't you believe him? He's a mad man." We could sit this that's just his opinion, right? And she says, "I'll show you that I can be justified, sanctified, and filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and walk the highway." And brother Brown said, "I just let her go. I couldn't do no more about it. Couldn't stop her." Ain't that right? See? And so the woman got on this amen highway and she looked back at the others and said, "See, I told you I can do it." Now notice, Brother Be said she fulfilled exactly what God said in Isaiah 3:16. The daughters of Zion are hottaughty and walk with stretched forth necks and wanting eyes, walking and mincing as they go, making a tinkling with their feet. That's right. And as she went down this way, it got narrower and narrower and narrower. And then she starts she starts uh uh teetering. Ain't that right? Yeah. And in this dream uh that Brother Bram's mother had, she she said, "The horriblest dreams that I've ever heard in my life was that woman falling in those flames and smoke going down and down like that." See? And then in the dream, Brother Brandham turned around to the others and said, "She just obeyed everything but one word." She obeyed the message but one word. everything but one word. Sure. Pentecostal women can be saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost, and then fall. Cuz we know it comes upon the the the flesh, the spirit realm and not into that soul. Amen. Ain't that right? See, everything but one word. See, but notice now God promised. Amen. as he promised Eve that the word would be restored unto her and it was through Mary. So he promised this spiritual Eve, amen, the same thing that the word would be restored to her and in the last days he would restored to the church to the original word again. Amen. Can you say amen? Dedicated, holy unto the Lord. Amen. Why do we believe the message and everybody else thinks it's crazy? We're separated. We're dedicated. Can you say amen? This word's going to have an effect. This message is going to work. It works. But it's working in people that God has separated unto him. Amen. That's right. You see, when people don't listen to a vindicated prophet, they're going to perish. That's right. Can you say amen? This message is the only thing that'll keep a person from destruction. This message is the only thing that's going to bring a people in a rapture to escape the tribulation that's at hand. Ain't that right? So the Bible tells us through stories of what happens when people don't listen to the message. Noah, for example, God sent a prophet with the message and those who didn't listen to it were destroyed. They perished. Those who didn't listen to Moses message perished. And brother Brown, speaking of the people that didn't listen to Moses' message, says every one of them rotted in the wilderness and perished. Their souls are dead and gone. And they were right in the path of duty going to church and the very things that God ordained them to do, but accepted a false teacher who wasn't vindicated by the word to be proven to be right. Yet he was the doctor of divinity and whatever more you want to call about a real prophet, but wasn't proved spiritually by the word uh uh and by the signs of God and they perished in the wilderness. Righteous, honorable, religious people died and will never be in heaven. That's right. Can you say amen? See, and and and so this is what real holiness means to us. I hope this all right this morning. So again when when holiness is mentioned we we always consider it maybe to be a physical physical things of dos and don'ts and and yes we should be careful as to where we go. We we should be careful as to what we listen to and what we watch and we we we we should be careful as to who we hang around. We should be careful as to who our children hang around. That's right. It's just the truth. We should be careful about the things we do. But our physical actions or our physical appearance doesn't mean that a complete separation has taken place. For the Bible says that he that loves the world or the things of the world, that's right, hath not the love of God. So then it goes more than just the outward. It goes down into that soul. What things do you love? Amen. Birds of a feather flock together, right? So, so it's like James 3:11 says, "Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter? Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries, either of vine figs? So can no fountain yield both yield salt water and fresh." Matthew 12:33. Either make the tree good and his fruit good, fruit good, or else make the tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt. For the tree is known by his fruit. Oh generation of vipers, how can ye being evil speak good things? For out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things, and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things. Can you say amen? Amen. So true holiness begins when a man, a woman, boy, girl is truly truly separated. Amen. In his heart. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, God requires, and I I wanted to say maybe to you young people, you know, you might be around people that are good good denominational people. They believe in God. And maybe they tell you, "Well, see, I love God. I don't have to wear dresses, and we don't have to do this." And God knows our heart and and so, you know, we we we do this. We can listen to country music and it doesn't bother us. Oh, we have great services. We're thriving. Oh, we're good Christians. And they may be in what they know in their good Baptists, good Pentecostals, good apostolic, good Jehovah's Witness or whatever. And that's fine. But see, there has to be a total separation. Amen. It's not what I think is good. It's what God considers to be good. And therefore, see, I I can't consider all things good. Actually, when we look and and uh uh or we we have nothing in us to be able to discern between good and evil just on our own because we're in an age where the Bible says, "Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil." There's no discernment be because it's a sinful nature. It's it's such a deception that we wouldn't even know. So, you've got people that are singing in the choir, honest, good people, and yet the women are cutting their hair, smoking cigarettes. But God looks at our heart, see, but there's no separation. So, there has to be a separation first down in the soul, in that heart. All right. Amen. Amen. In the Old Testament, God told Abraham to separate himself from where he was living and go to another land. He was to separate from all he knew. He was to separate from all that he he he loved. He was to separate from everything, all of his worship, from the things he worshiped, from the He was to separate, Amen. from his kindred. Separate from that land. Come out of that. Ain't that right? But we know that Abraham brought his dad along and he brought his nephew Lot along. And the Bible says that God never did visit with Abraham until he completely separated from them. He never come and revealed himself. He never come and made himself more known to Abraham until there was a complete separation. And I say this, this message will mean nothing to you until there is a complete separation. Amen. That is true. You can believe that God sent a prophet. Okay. You can believe that that that oh yes, the the seals have been open. Oh yes. And all of these things. But that the true revelation of this message will not strike that heart until there is a complete separation. Can you say amen? You see, God's people are always a separated people. God separated Abraham. God separated Noah. God separated Moses. God separated the nation of Israel and today he has separated a people out of the Gentiles for his name. It's a separation. Brother Bram even preached the message God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. Now church this leotan there is never been more unbelief than what there is in this age. Can't trust God for anything anymore. can't believe God for anything anymore. So weak in faith. So so to where brother Bram said in this age faith would be slow. But God has got a people that is separated unto himself. Yes sir. And this is what makes the us the church of the living God. For the word church means the called out separated. John 15:16 Jesus said you have not chosen me. I've chosen you and ordained you that you should go forth and go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain. Whose fruit's going to remain? Those that God has chosen. Amen. First Corinthians 6:19. What? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you? How many's got the Holy Ghost? Well, your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which you have of God. You are not your own. Can you say amen? Therefore, he calls us a holy people. Amen. For you are bought with the price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's. Amen. Don't just glorify him in your spirit. Rejoice. Oh, I love the Lord. I love the Lord. But and your body. Amen. Reflect in the things of the world. You've got to glorify God in your body as much as you are in your spirit. Amen. Can you say amen? 2 Corinthians 6:14, "Be ye not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? Hello. We allow our children to hang out with everybody and under the sun and all that. Then we wonder why they go astray. Then we wonder what's going on, what's happening. They catch the spirit of things. There's a spirit behind sports. There is there's a spirit behind things there. There's nothing wrong with good just good fellowship of of of playing and and playing games and all that. But then there's becomes a spirit behind it and that's what's behind the world out there. Whether you like it or not, it's just true. I've told you before about, you know, a minister here from the States went over to another church overseas and and and the man, the pastor had two daughters and brother Wayne was talking to him, the pastor and all that. Here come the two daughters. And when he saw them, he detected lesbian spirit in both of them. And and you know, they went on and as they were he got to know the pastor and things and he brought it up. He said, "You know, brother, something wrong with your daughters. What's going on with them?" And the pastor just broke down and cried, started crying. He says, "I let them into sports playing soccer." Yeah. He said, "The thing is, I didn't know is that their coach is lesbian and she got with my girls. That spirit's got on my girls. There's a spirit behind things." Can you say amen? We must not go through this world, this life, naive. What God calls unclean, we ought to call unclean. Brother Bram said we should never go into bowling alleyies. I believe that still stands. Hello. There's some reason why you say, "Well, I don't see nothing wrong." Hey, you're not a prophet either. But there's some reason God showed that prophet about bowling alleys to stay out of. That's right. Amen. True. Amen. I even go as far as to say golf. Prophet said they go guys that play golf or sissies. And he said talked about women being all out there on that golf range too. Have we not seen more women today doing them doing that thing and they're dressing up as sex queens? Sexy. Putting themselves up on the internet. It's true. Brother A Bram knew exactly what he was talking about. And we ought to abide by that. We ought to live that. If God sent us a prophet, he called God sent a prophet to separate us from the things of the world that God would call unclean that we could live holy unto God. So be be ye not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. You say, "Well, I'm just giving my kids something to do." so they can have something because I don't, you know, I don't want to be too strict. You're messing around with spirits is what you're doing. That's right. There's demons out there that has got a lot of these young people. They know more know more about God than anything. It's because of of of their parents. It's it's a spirit that has taken over. Hello. Amen. Just true. Amen. Be ye not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. For what fellowship hath righteous with unrighteousness? What communion hath light with darkness? What concord hath Christ with balile? What part hath he that believeth with an infidel? What agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple, everybody say, I am the temple of the living God. As God hath said, I will dwell in them and walk in them and they I will be their God and they shall be my people. You are a dedicated people unto God. And God has dedicated himself to you. He will be no God to any other people but the people that he has called out to be his people. Can you say amen? Amen. Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayeth the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you. And brother Bram says, see, sports have become a god. Hello. That's right. He said their god is a bag of air. And that's the truth. Why? because they put more energy, more emphasis on that than they do the house of God. They can shout out there, scream out there, act like act like well, just act like a believer out there. Amen. In their God. And then when they come into the house of God, it's just all quiet. And then when someone says, "Hey, man." The whole church looks at them like, "Who are you?" Go ahead. And they'll spend hundreds of dollars to go because their their god requires it. It's true. Education has been a god. Women have become gods. There's so many gods out there. But God says, "But I will be their God." You're separated. Don't you have any other gods before me? Praise the Lord. Ain't that right? So wherefore come out from among them and be ye separate, sayith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you and will be a father unto you. You talking about a father, he'll be a father to us. He'll protect us. He'll He'll provide for us. He'll watch over us. He a father. Amen. You know, a natural father. Amen. Isn't Isn't the Bible says, you know, that if a father a natural father would love to give good things unto his children, how much more do your heavenly father want to give heavenly things and good things unto you? He'll he'll dispatch the angels of heaven just for you. Amen. When it looks like there's a trouble, amen, he'll keep you from a wreck. He'll keep you from tr Amen. When it seem like you're going down for the last time, he'll send the angels of God, amen, to protect you. And the devil has no power over you. He has no power over me. You may go through trials. You may go be through troubles, but it's only your heavenly father trying to work something good to trying to separate you from the things of the world that maybe you're holding on to to get your eyes upon him. It ain't to destroy you. He'll never let the devil and some sleeves demon destroy you. Amen. He says, "I'll be a father to you." That's right. And you shall be my sons and daughters, sayith the Lord Almighty. Can you say amen? Oh, do you love him? Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I've got I've got a lot more, but we we'll get ready to close. But I will say this. When did he separate us? When did God separated us to be a a a people to himself? He did it by predestination. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. Ephesians 1:4, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. We were chosen to be the his bride in this age. We were predestinated to be to the adoption of sons. As Paul would say, we were predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son. He separated us then. Amen. Romans 8:30. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called, and whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he justified them, he also glorified. I want to say this, this isn't a rat race. Christianity isn't a competitive thing. God already separated you from the foundation of the world for your place. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Romans 9:13 says, "As it is written, Jacob I have I loved, but Esau have I hated. What shall we say then? Is there any unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy. I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion." Listen. So then it is not of him that welleleth, nor him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. John 6:44 Jesus says, "No man can come to the to me except the father which hath sent him. Draw him." You may prophesy, but that may that has nothing to do with it. You may speak in tongues, that has nothing to do with it, right? You may dance, shout, play music, preach, whatever. That has nothing to do with it. Brother Brandham says, "Unless that was God's seed, his gene from the beginning predestinated, you're finished." Another place he said, "God in his mercy before the foundation of the world saw me and placed a little seed in there that my faith would fly above these things of the world." God put that little seed in you, in each of us that our faith might fly above these things of the world. Church, we are not victims in this leodysseyan age. God put us in this leotanian age. But before he put us in this leotanian age, he chose us. He called us to be a special people unto himself. Amen. And he already determined there ain't no devil in hell going to separate us from the love of God. There ain't no trial. There ain't no no hell. There ain't no flame. There ain't no tribulation. There ain't no nothing. Famine can't separate us from the love of God. We are a people that has been separated. That God may be our God and we may be his people. That he may be a God of miracles to us. That he may be a God of protection. He may be a God that will provide for you and I. That's the people that he has called out for his name. Can you say amen? That's right. That's good. That's what I believe. The Bible says we are the work of his hands. So no denomination made us, no preacher made us, no creed. We're not a product of a creed. We're not a product of traditions. We are the work of his hands. Ain't that right? Another place the Bible says, "It is he that made us and not we ourselves." Paul would tell us in in there he says, "We are his workmanship." Yes, sir. If the musicians will come, brother Bram says this, remember if he has called you for this, there is nothing that can keep it from happening. There's not enough devils in torment, but what God's word will be made manifest. You're born for a purpose, and nobody can take your place. You might have impersonators and everything else, but they'll never take your place. Right? God's word will triumph. It cannot fail. There is where every Christian ought to stand knowing that. And trials will come and seem every way to you. But remember, God has a purpose and it will all work right. Can you say amen? God has a purpose and it'll all work out right. You love him. Yes, sir. Oh, God. Think of it. If he called us to be holy, separating us, then how can we be damned with the world, right? He promised to be our God. H how how how can how how can we be in the muck and the and you know live unto him true and then he destroys us in the end with the world. He's called us to be separated. Oh, aren't you glad? That's why he could say, "I've got an expected end for you. I've separated you to myself and I've got an expected end." And that ain't tribulation. That's a rapture. That ain't losing your mind like the world is. That ain't going insane like the world is. That ain't That ain't being demonpossessed like the world is today. No, no, no. He's our God. You love him? Can you lift your hands unto the Lord and just worship him? Father, we're so thankful that you've called us to be a holy people. We're so thankful, Father, that you've separated us. It wasn't us that separated ourselves. That Lord, you separated us from the foundation of the world. That you could be our God. That we could be your people, your sons and your daughters. Father, I pray that that revelation just strikes us so so deep in our hearts, Lord, that we can truly see and believe that we're part of that separated group to be holy unto the Lord. Oh, Father, make us more pliable to you. [Music] Make us more willing to do your will in your will alone. When fear is striking the world, you've called us to be separate to where Satan cannot bring fear and allow that fear to stay. He may try, but we're separated. Oh, Father, we're so thankful for it, Lord. We give you honor. We give you glory. Amen. Amen. What song? I will praise the Lord. I was made to praise you. I was made to glorify your name in every circumstance to find a chance to thank you. I was made to love you. I was made to worship at your feet and to obey you, Lord. I was made for you. Sing it unto him now. Oh, I was made to praise you. I was made to glorify your name in every circumstance to find a chance to thank you. I was made to love you. Oh, I was made to worship at your feet into obey you, Lord. I was made for you. as they just place softly. Now, I hope the word has helped you today. And I want to say this, you know that not every every time our children go astray or whatever is because we've allowed the world or we've allowed this. There sometimes parents can do everything that they know, live true to that word and live live faithful to God and their children will go out just brother Brandham even his boys Billy Paul and Joseph even and so it's not every every situation is the name. And I know sometimes Satan will beat our mind up and to thinking, "Oh, we failed here. We failed here. We failed here." Every parent fails. Uh, and whatever. And I I know there's parents that are doing their best to be faithful to God, be faithful to that word, be faithful. You know, some parents just don't care and they just allow it everything. But and if you know if you're one of those parents that have just lived true to God and and Satan over working your mind and saying see you just you blew it. You this, you that. Don't you listen to that devil. That's just a lie from the devil. And you always remember I don't care what it is. I even even if you did make mistakes and man I've lived a little loose over here. I shouldn't have all that. I believe you make them things right and you you stand on that token that God's given you, you can lay claim to your children. So I you know I I really want that clarified to you today that there is you you as as a child of God, a daughter of God, son of God, you have that right to lay claim to your children. Can you say amen? Amen. And every situation's different, but on all in all, we we have the word of God that we can lay claim to. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it again. Oh, I was made to praise you. I was made to glorify your name in every circumstance to find a chance to thank you. I was made to love you. Oh, I was made to worship at your feet and to obey you, Lord. I was made. Can we just stand to our feet and sang, "Oh, I I was made to praise you." Oh, I was made to glorify your name in every circumstance to find a chance to praise you. I was made to love you. I was made to worship at your feet and to obey you, Lord. I was made for you. Sing one more song. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice, oh, to worship you, oh my soul, do you love him? In an age where men are becoming lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, lovers of their own selves, we've been called to love him. Oh, I love the Lord. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. One more time, shall we? before we close. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice oh to worship [Music] you oh my soul. Oh take joy. I know he does in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound. Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. God bless you is our prayer. Remember communion this evening at 4:30. Amen. And we want to remember those that are out of town be coming back today or tomorrow. And so God will keep them. Keep Brother Bob in prayer as he's not feeling good today. And um Amen. I don't think there's any more announcements or anything. So, God bless you. Love you. Amen. Remember, uh, prayer meeting tomorrow, 2 at 7. Amen. Brother Will, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? Amen. [Music]
