################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Brother Josh Martin Subject To The Heavenlies - Josh Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    Brother Josh Martin "Subject To The Heavenlies"
Speaker:  Josh Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7GuC-LnmJY
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] We have had enough of getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. [Music] Oh, forgive us all seeking your hand and not your [Music] face. Come and empty us. Father, we're desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Just hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation, for nothing else will do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. We have had enough getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. Oh, forgive us all for seeking your hand and not your face. Oh, come and empty us. We're desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Just hold us close to you. And Holy Spirit, oh give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else will do. For we want more and more and more and more of you. Oh, Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire, give us your desires. Just hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation. Oh, nothing else will do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. Can we stand to our feet? You have given us so much more than we deserve. You deliver us by the power of your word. So God, we lift you up, giving you the honor that is yours. Thank you for your love. Father, this is what we're looking for. Holy Spirit, fill us with. Is that your desire this morning? Give us your desire. Oh, hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, just give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else we'll do. For we want more and more, more and more. For we want more and more, more and more of [Music] you. Amen. And is that your desire this morning to have more and more of him? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Um just an announcement that uh the church financial report is u is put back on the board uh for those who would like to take a look at it. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will to invite the Lord's presence. [Music] Amen. We're going to try another song on y'all. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't enough for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, holding my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Sing it again. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that red sea. And old Pharaoh looked like he had a victory. Oh, but the waters rolled on back with the breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may weary, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, Joshua took a walk around Jericho. And you told him, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, and it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, Elijah. All them prophets said that he was wrong. Oh, send the fire down to their gods. They prayed all day long. Then Elijah prayed and down came the fire and ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I was lonely, sin, and broken my heart in two. Oh, all the pieces I couldn't man with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, this body is slowly dying without with him. But I ain't worried though. The skin worms eat my skin. Cuz you'll open heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. Oh, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now this body is slowly dying without within. But I ain't worried though. The skin worms eat my skin. Cuz you will open heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. Oh yes, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Brother Josiah, gracious heaven father, Lord, how we love you and how thankful we are to be in your presence once again. We ask you, Father, just bless the tit. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart in two. Oh, all the pieces I couldn't men with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Sing it now. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. He's got it all. [Applause] [Music] He's got it all in [Music] control. He's got it all in [Music] control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Sing it again. Oh yes. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in. I put my life in his hands. Oh, I've put my life in his hands. [Music] Yes, I've put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know it's in his plan. Oh, I've put my life in his hand. My father knows. Oh, my father knows what I need. Oh, my father knows what I [Music] need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I He's got it all in control. Oh yes, he's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassurance way down in my [Music] soul. He's got it all in control. As they would just play softly, we've got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known this morning. Amen. We want to pray for uh Marty Mccomomas. Um he's on hospice. Amen. So, let's just keep him in our prayers. Um, also, um, I'm sure, uh, most of everyone has heard, but, uh, Brother Amos, um, had a bad hand injury, uh, that we want to keep him in prayer this morning. He's been in a lot of pain. Amen. So, let's just remember him that the Lord would just, uh, go down and heal him. Amen. How many has a unspoken request to lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. Amen. We want to keep Sister Kim um, weeks in our prayers. Amen. that the Lord would just uh continue doing a work for her. Amen. I want to keep uh Brother Christian. It's good to have you this morning, brother Christian. We want to keep him in our prayers as well. Amen. Maybe we could um ask Brother Terry if he would come and lead us this morning. Amen. It's good to have uh Brother Josh and Sister Loretta this morning. Amen. Let's just keep Brother Josh in our prayers as he comes and delivers the word this morning. Amen. While we're praying this morning, I want to just think about this very, very simple but yet profound statement. Just going to make a statement. We are so blessed to be given light and lay out that's totally blacked out. Totally blacked out. The prophet of God, you know, drew a little light for the bride, but Leodysa totally blacked out. We are blessed heavenly father as we approach you this morning in behalf of these requests but first we want to thank you as there was light in goan lord we're living in the land of goian spirit so we've been given light and we're so exceedingly exceedingly thankful Lord what do we do deserve but god you know all things that was put in your heart to choose a bride and we're so thankful for that Lord we ask that you would help each one of these requests that were given in even talked to brother Bob this morning took a little fall and thankful Lord he didn't get severe damage to his eyeball but he's with us and we're thankful Lord that you watched protected him sister Kim you know the need there and each one of the requests that was given in Lord you're never present help in a time of need we commit these into your hands we know that by your stripes each one is healed we pray for brother Josh as he brings a morning message Lord let it be spiritual food in due season I know that you're always the everpresent water from the rock and you are that rock and we're thankful Lord to be founded and established on that great rock Lord that great rock of revelation that's been given in this day and we're thankful Lord to understand many of these things that are in the Bible but been hid down through the ages but truly that your church is built on the true revelation of who the Lord Jesus really is God in flesh our great redeemer thank you for that sacrifice thank you for the Easter season we just passed through thankful Lord for the resurrection. But thankful, Lord, for what you did 2,000 years ago. But Lord, especially so thankful for the light you've given us in this so dark, dark generation is getting worse and worse, faster and faster. Acceleration, Lord, is going more and more. But truly, you promise to have a bride. You do have a bride. And she will be without spot. She is without spot and in such wrinkle. Even though we struggle, fall short in the flesh, God. Of course, you have ordained the soul that's going to make it through spotless. Thank you, Lord, for all these things, each request, each need, raised hands. You know all about it. We commit each one. Brother Amos, help him especially, Lord. I don't know exactly what his um uh symptoms are, his feelings, but he's not feeling well. Touch him and raise him up. Help him to feel better and heal. We ask this in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. Oh, he's got it all in control. You can be seated this morning. Oh, I've put my life in his hands. Oh, I've put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know is in his plan. Oh, I've put my life in his hands. His mom comes to sing. Oh, he's got it all in control. Do you believe that this morning? He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] There may be storms that won't move out of the way and trials will come to only test my faith. What I've learned about your favor, your mercy, and your grace is they go on forever. They're sufficient for [Music] today. When I'm worried about tomorrow, I won't be overwhelmed. and the burdens that I've carried, I will choose to lay them down. Cuz what I've learned about your favor, your mercy, and your grace is they go on forever. They're sufficient for today. And hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're sufficient for today. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] There's sufficient for [Music] today. In the joy and in the sorrow, I find you just the same. And behind my darkest mornings, there's a peace I can't explain. I'm so grateful for your favor, your mercy, and your grace. cuz they go on forever and they're sufficient for today. And hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. They're sufficient for today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're sufficient for today. And one day I'll finally see you. And my faith will be my sight. And all my present suffering will be gone and left behind. I'll be standing in your favor, your mercy and your grace. Cuz they go on forever. They'll still go on forever. Oh, they go on forever. All glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelu. All glory to your name. Oh, one day I'll finally see you. And my faith will be my sight. And all my present suffering will be gone and left behind will be standing in your favor. Your mercy and your grace cuz they'll go on forever. All glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. All glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're sufficient for [Music] [Music] today. [Music] Shake. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] won't be shen. No, I won't be [Music] moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. [Applause] [Music] Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger. He's better, stronger, is greater than you. Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh my God is so much bigger than troubles I [Music] face. Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. Oh, I won't be shaking. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than you. Oh my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Oh my God are stronger. The victories already won. You see, he died for my ransom. He rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. Oh, I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Oh my God is faithful. His promise is [Music] true. So I'll speak to the mountains cuz it's time to move. Oh my God is bigger, better, stronger. My God is bigger, better, stronger. My God is bigger, better. He's stronger. He's greater than you. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. Do you believe him to be faithful this morning? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? I pledge allegiance to the land. Oh, I pledge [Music] alle with all my strength. With all I am, I will seek to honor his command. Oh, I pledge alance to the lamb. Now I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before. Oh, a ty throne. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would renounce all the name of Christ. Oh, but one by one. Oh, they chose to die. for the son of God. They would not deny like a great angelic choir sings. Oh, I can almost hear. Oh, their voicees ring. Oh, I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Oh, with all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his commands. Oh, I pledge alance to the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone. Oh, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come. Oh, to count the cost, to reject this world, to embrace the cross. And one by one, let us live our lives for the one who died. Oh, to give us life. Till the trumpet shouts on the final day. Oh, let us proudly stand. Oh, and boldly say, oh, I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, oh with all I am, I will seek to honor his commands. Oh, I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Oh, I pledge alance to the [Music] land. All I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Well, isn't he worth living for? I'm so glad that I've committed my life to him. And uh sometimes it's just good to renew our love, renew our commitment to the Lord. Amen. and uh pledge allegiance to him. I ain't pledging it to no pope, no president, no government, no world. Amen. I want to pledge it all to God. Amen. And I tell you what, there's uh benefits in serving the Lord. Amen. And uh I love the Lord. Amen. And uh glad to be a Christian in this age. Glad to be a believer. believe in the the message that God has sent to us and to know to know uh we just been given insight you know uh a lot of things that brother Brandham talked about you know was just starting in seed form just in a little bit here and there but we are seeing it full-blown and u every time you listen to the the message you can say ahuh I I understand that I I can see exactly what's going on now. And uh I just thank the Lord that we have light to walk in. Amen. And I love him. And uh well, we um uh just another opportunity to come to the house of the Lord and to worship him. We don't know how much longer, you know, many more days we've got. Amen. Uh, but I I do know the Lord is coming very soon, and I want to give him everything that I've got. I I uh I've said it before, but I don't want to get to heaven and and you talking to Paul and you're talking to all the martyrs and you're talking to those that gave their lives for this gospel and and I ain't got a testimony to give them. I ain't got nothing. just well I lived it pretty easy in life you know but uh uh I want to be counted with them that gave their all to God and if you have to suffer in doing it do it anyhow it's worth it all and we can all share the story of just how amazing God has been to us it's been his faithfulness it's been his grace it's just been God all along and and I'm so glad for that. Amen. And uh, Brother Christian, it's really good to see you this morning and been praying for you and certainly love and appreciate you and your family uh, very much. And u uh, we're glad to have brother Josh, sister Loretta with us today and and uh, looking forward to what the Lord has given him and uh, to share with us. And so we want him just to take his time and to preach and we're going to pull on the gift. Amen. Our our meeting's coming up uh starting Wednesday night. And uh so I I uh I pray that you've been praying for the meeting and uh just looking forward to what God is going to do. Amen. For the lives of the people. Amen. But today's day and uh we just want God just to move in a special way. I just driving to the service this morning and you know a little tired and and of course just a lot of things going on and so my mind was just kind of wandering. I thought no I just started praying said God I just need you today. I I don't want it just to be just a normal day today and normal service. I I want you to speak to my heart and I just need renewing. And I think all of us could say that and just speak to us. Do something great today. And I know God is willing to do it. And if we are willing just to let him, let him do it. Can you say amen? And so if you have a need this morning, I know God can meet your need. And I promise you, he will do it. If you just get all the doubts, get all the unbeliefs and don't let your mind wander and just focus upon the word of God and amen it, believe it, and watch God just anoint his servant. Amen. And speak to us today. Amen. And uh maybe we could just kind of switch that song uh and and sing, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Amen. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee every hour, every second of the day. We need him. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. Sing it as a prayer. Oh, I need thee. Oh, God. Touch your people this morning. [Music] Every hour I need thee. Oh yes. Bless me now. God bless [Music] you. I come to thee. Can we sing that one more time? [Music] I need thee. Oh, I need [Music] thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless my savior, my savior. I come to thee. I'm crying. Save your oh. Save [Music] a. Yes, Lord. My humble cry. Oh wow. On others thou art calling. Oh, do not pass me by. Amen. And I trust that your desire this morning was, "Lord, I have a need. I have a desire. Lord, don't pass me by." It was the woman with the issue of blood. As Jesus was going to uh uh to another destination, going to go speak to somebody else and bring forth a miracle for somebody else. But that lady seized her time, seized her opportunity, and said, "Lord, don't pass me by. No matter how impossible the situation may look, Lord, I'm seizing my opportunity. And I know every one of us has a desire and a need. We need the Lord to speak to. And I believe he can speak to that need this morning. Amen. You happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. If you would have your Bibles, let's open our scriptures. I have a few different places I would like to read. Ephesians 2 and 4 and through the sixth verse. Then Ephesians 1:3, then 2 Corinthians 10:4. I'd like to say it is an honor to be here this morning to be ministering. Appreciate the opportunity by your pastor to minister. I pray something can be said to be a blessing and to edify in some way. Good to have my family with me, uh, Loretta and the kiddos, Ethan and Belle. They're troopers. They travel almost everywhere I go. So, it's it's good to have them with with me this morning. But Ephesians 2:4, the Bible would say, "But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved, and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." In Ephesians 1 and3, blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And one more place in 2 Corinthians 10:4. Amen. You love the reading of the word. 2 Corinthians 10 and4. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations, and every high fang that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. Can we bow our heads this morning? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, what an honor it is to come into your house one more time, Lord. God, no doubt there's needs and and and desires here that only you can touch and meet, Lord. God, we ask that you would just speak this morning, Lord. Move myself aside, Lord, and just speak to the hearts. God, as the word would come forth, may there be a heart to receive it, Lord. God, we commit this part of the service into your hands. We just ask that you would have your way this morning in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated this morning. I just have a simple thought, some things I've been studying on. So I I hope it can all just make sense this morning. But my title would be subject to the heavenlies. And brother Brandham would read Ephesians 1 and would say, "Who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings?" He says, "Whereabouts?" In heavenly places in Christ. He says, "Heavenly places." Oh, how I wish I had time. Here I've got them marked right here in my Bible about heavenly places. What is heavenly places? Heavenly places, just for a moment, is the believer's position in Christ. See, where the believer stands in Christ is heavenly places. And I believe that this place is something that has been given to the bride. And brother Brandham would tell us that this is not addressed to the outsider, to the to the world, not to the not just to anybody, but it's addressed to the church that is in Christ Jesus. And I like how brother Brandham is is making the separation not just the church or a church but the church that is in Christ Jesus. And I believe that in this position is that spiritual blessings of God. Not necessarily blessings. We're thankful for the blessings of God, you know, but sometimes we we mistake blessings for spiritual blessings. And if we don't see the blessings of God like like a nice car or a nice house, money in the bank, we don't think that the spiritual blessings are still there. You know, uh, Brother Daniel's been to Nicaragua, but I I was in Nicaragua back there back in January. And a lot of the places we was at didn't have electricity, you know. Uh, they're very poor, live in huts. I've seen one family of three come to church upon a motorcycle, you know, and if they don't got a car, does that not mean does that mean they don't have spiritual blessings? You know, and so it's not the corporal thing and natural things that we look at that that that that we can say we got the spiritual blessings. But brother Brandon would tell us that spiritual blessings is many things, but he points out revelation. And I'm so thankful that even when we don't have much money in the bank, don't have maybe a nice car or a nice house, we still have revelation. And that is one thing the devil can never take away from us. And brother Brandham would preach a message called God's provided place of worship and would say the provided place that God has is going to have his name. Not just any name because Jesus would tell the discip the Pharisees in vain do you worship me. And brother Brandham would would say that it was because they were teaching doctrine uh to the people, the tradition of men for doctrine. And now they were taking the word of God and making it of none effect. So even though they was worshiping it, brother Brandham says they were sincere from the heart, but because they was under a name of a tradition, the the the the power of the word was not fair. But where the provider place of worship is going to be is in the name of Jesus Christ. And I'm so thankful that we would have a message in this generation that would bring us back to Christ that we can see the spiritual blessings of God. That even when I'm sick in my body, I can believe that God is still a healer. And the word of God is in effect today. It can still heal. It can still deliver. He can still baptize with the Holy Ghost. But Jesus would say, "I come in my father's name, and they that worship must worship in spirit and in truth." And that would do away with the denominational name tag and would put the provided place in Christ. And brother Brandham would say, "And the name is the word is in the word because he is the word." Amen. What is he then? The word interpreted is the manifestation of the name of God. No wonder flesh and blood has not revealed this to you. But my father which is in heaven has revealed it to you who I am. And upon this rock I will build my place of worship and the gates of hell cannot shake it down. Amen. Oh the church of the living God. Stand in firm on the foundation of Jesus Christ alone. And I'm so thankful that even when we're living in a time of shaking, we're living in a day of gross darkness, there's a position that the bride can stand upon in its fur, even when the the world's falling apart, nation against nation, the bride is in a safe place in Christ Jesus. And the Bible would tell us that there's going to be gross darkness in Isaiah 60 and2. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people. But the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. A and I believe that it's talking about two different classes of people. Gross darkness ain't just coming all upon the earth, but it's coming against the earth. It's coming against individuals that is upon the earth. But at the same time, the glory of the Lord ain't just rising upon the earth, but it's coming inside earth and vessels. though in gross darkness and brother Brandham would tell us the gross darkness is spirits. He says it's perversions that that man wants to look like women and women wants to look like man. He says what is it? It's gross darkness over the people. In another place he would say that the people has become such subject to evil that the darkness is overshadowing them and the darkness is pressing against them. And I believe the darkness is also pressing against us. But the reason we're not falling subject to it is we're subject to another. The word of God has become our life that whenever darkness does come against homes comes against marriages. We we we can look at America today that marriages are falling in divorce. That we got teenagers that that can't help but go in drugs and in alcohol. They're falling subject to evil because gross darkness spirits are pressing against him. But I don't believe we have to fall subject to Oh, hallelujah. We're among darkness, but we don't got to be a part of the darkness. We've been called out by your word. And and I believe that it's demons that that you can't see, but it's spirits in another dimension. And that's why our our weaponry is not of this dimension, but another dimension. It's mighty pulling down the strongholds. And and this darkness wants to put you in an atmosphere of gloom. put you in an atmosphere of of unbelief and discouragement. But the spirit of the Lord will raise up a standard when the enemy comes in like a flood. And I believe that there's been a separation between the bride and between the church. Brother Brandham would tell us that that the devil is calling a church, but God is calling a bride. And I'm so thankful that whenever the church is falling into the world council of churches, there's a bride that is coming under the glory of the Lord. And we can look there in Exodus 8:22. The Bible would say, "And I will sever in that day the land of Gan in which my people dwell that no swarms of flies shall be there till the end thou mayest know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth. and I will put a division between my people and thy people. And I love it because it's a prophet that is standing in the gap between judgment and between God's people and would stand up to Pharaoh and would say there's going to be a division. And the word sever means to be separated, to set apart. And so hear it here. Here here's Moses standing against Pharaoh. And we see I'm going to set apart in the land of Goan that when the flies does come, when the plagues come, there's going to be a division between my people and thy people. And you know that Goan was still in Egypt, but it was a separated place. Oh man, here we are. We're we're living in Leodosa, but there's been a bride age that God has separated us and set us apart. that when gross darkness comes against Lego to see we've been called out into a bright age, a bright anointing, that when gross darkness comes against our home, it cannot come. Oh, hallelujah. When it comes against your minds, you don't got to fall subject to it. Brother Brandham would talk about the u the death angel whenever it was coming through the land of Egypt. Brother Brandham says that death angel could strike any place. He could strike the priests. It could strike the the castles and it could even strike the Israelites, but there was a place that it could not strike. Then brother Brown would clarify himself. He would say it's not a home, but it's a place. Oh, hallelujah. And he says that place was where the blood of the lamb was. And he says that place that the death angel could not come into. And then he would say so it is today. There's a place that the gross darkness, the death angel cannot come into. not a church, but a place. And I'm so thankful that you might be here in Virginia. I'm in Oklahoma, but we're under the same place. We've been called out into the same position into heavenly places. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Brandham, he he would say this here. Notice it. It was the only place death could not strike. When death was about to strike the land, there had to be a certain place. All from under this died. Only one place. Now it didn't mean it was one house but there was one place and that was where the lamb was killed and where the blood was the death angel could not strike. And now the same thing is today. There was only one place the spiritual death cannot strike. That is the word. Death cannot strike the word because it's the living word of the living God. Oh man, I'm so thankful. Revelations would say, "And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, "Come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her sins, that you receive not of her plagues." So the plagues are falling in Leodysia. But we heard a voice. We heard a message saying, "Come out of her, my people, my people, and be not partakers or be subject to those things." Oh my brother Brandon M would tell us he would say I don't want to hurt your feelings but I'm responsible for a message and that message is to come out of that mess. And I love it because then he would say now you may ask me where am I going to take you to? He says I'm not just going to take you out of some place then I'll put you somewhere. He says where am I going to take you? Is it the Brandham tabernacle? He says no I'm not taking you to the Brandham tabernacle because they got faults too. But I'm taking you to a place Jesus Christ and that is the word. Oh, he did not bring us to a tradition or bring us to a a pastor or bring us to a church, but he brought us to the living word that we can become subject to. And the same works that Christ done, we can also do in every one of our lives. Not just for the preacher but for the leoty. Not just for mamas but for young people can can defy the spirits of leotardia and produce the greater works. Oh hallelujah. Brother Brandon would say pass from death and creed into a living word of the living God. God's only provided plan for his age. His sons in the word age quickened by the spirit like a spark that is lit off of something to make it alive. seated now in heavenly places. And so he links the word age to heavenly places. And he says in past tense already alive and subject to every promise in the word of God. So once we get in this position of heavenly places, then our lives will fall obedient to the word of God. So, it's no longer we're bucking the system or or arguing with this part of the scripture, arguing with the with this part of the message. But once we're in this position, we fall subject to the word of God. And I believe that the the reason there had to be a separation between the bride and the church because the Bible would tell us that in Genesis and God saw the light and that it was good and God divided the light from the darkness. So wherever the light is coming, darkness is not welcome. So whenever the word begin to come over the earth, it separated the darkness from the light. It separated the bride from the church, the weak and fall subject to the the the living word. And brother Brandon would preach a message called shalom and would say the reason I say shalom is because it means God's peace. He says we're not looking back. He says, "We're looking forward to the breaking of a brand new day." So, we're not looking at a revival of yesterday. We're looking at a revival of today. Cuz the revival of yesterday cannot bring a peace in the middle of the storm. The revival of yesterday cannot bring joy in the middle of sorrow. But a revival of today is a breaking of a brand new day. that if you were discouraged tomorrow, you can step into a brand new day and feel the encouragement of almighty God. Oh, hallelujah. And I believe this meeting that is coming up this next week is a bra a brand new day for every one of us that if you're discouraged this morning and and you're you're beat down by the things of of life and of the world, you can step into a brand new day and walk out of these meetings with your joy, with your peace, with your happiness, with the refilling of the Holy Ghost. If you need healing for your body, step into it. If you need deliverance for your loved ones, step into it. If you need a renewing of the Holy Ghost, I say step into it. It's a revival of today, not of yesterday. Oh, hallelujah. Jesus Christ is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh my. While the world is living in gross darkness where we've been called out, there's a calling out for the bride. and not just a calling out but a placing. And I believe this message has placed us into our inheritance and to our adoption where we are sitting in heavenly places and our souls is in heavenly places. So while our body is still fighting this earthly dimension, our soul is sitting in heavenly places. Brother Brandon would say, "Oh, let's just stop here just one more minute. In heavenly places now, not just out anywhere, but in heavenly places." We are assembled in the heavenly. It means that that is the position of the believer that if I'm prayed up, you're prayed up or the church is prayed up. We're ready for the message. And we have assembled ourselves together as saints. The called out, baptized with the Holy Ghost, filled with God's blessings, the called, the elected, set together in heavenly places. We are now heavenlies in our souls. Brother, there you are. A heavenly atmosphere. Oh, what could happen tonight? Oh my. We are heavenlies in our souls. And so, while we still have mind battles, while our body still has aches and pains, that soul has been sealed to the day of your redemption. The devil can plague your mind. He can plague your body, but he can never touch that soul. Oh my. And and I love how brother Brandham, he would put heavenly places is a heavenly atmosphere cuz many times we we don't we don't uh see the importance of atmosphere cuz brother Brandham would tell us that we're miniature creators, right? He would say you can create the atmosphere around you. He says there's some people that you don't like to be around. He says how come it's the atmosphere they're creating. He says then there's other people that you when you when you come in contact with them you pick up like like you never left each other. He says, "What is it?" It's the atmosphere they're creating. And I think sometimes it's the atmosphere that we create that sometimes pulls us out of the heavenlies. Oh, come on now. Cuz brother Brandon would tell us uh the the things you read on creates an atmosphere. He says the things you talk about creates an atmosphere. And that atmosphere can either lift you up or pull you down. You remember the two that walked on the road to Emmas. The Bible says they were talking about about the crucifixion and how they thought Jesus was the Messiah. And then the Bible tells us that Jesus himself drew near. And I love that, Uncle Sean. I never seen that before. That Jesus himself, it reminds me that that that the Lord himself showed his hand, you know. So here comes Jesus. He's walking among them. And he would ask him, "What are y'all talking about? And what manner of communications are these that makes you sad?" So the very things they were talking about was bringing on a heaviness over their spirits. Oh, come on. And sometimes we can do that. We can talk about the gloom. We can talk about the mistakes. We can talk about the troubles in the church. And that creates an atmosphere that we fail to recognize that Christ is in our midst. Oh, come on. I don't want to come to church. and the living word is coming across the pullpit, but my communication has created an atmosphere where I fail to recognize that Jesus is walking the aisles. Let me tell you this. Christ is still here in the power of his resurrection. He's here to meet your need. He's here to set you free. But change the atmosphere around you that you can recognize that he is in your midst. Oh, but Christ did not leave them there in that condition. The Bible says he rebuked them, right? He all fools and slow of heart to believe. And you brother Brown tell us that he took the scripture and went from the beginning all the way through the Bible speaking of himself. And yet they still could not see him. But then he broke the bread. And what would happen once he broke the bread? Then their eyes was open that they could see him. And what was the brick of the the the broken bread? It's the living bread. The brother Brandon must say, "What is that shout that that angel came down with?" He says, "That is the living word, the broken bread." So that broken bread that we've got in this generation has the authority to change the atmosphere. The negativity that you're dwelling in, the negativity that your family is dwelling in, your home is dwelling in. There's a living bread that has been broken in this generation that your eyes can be open to see. He is still Jehovah Gyra. He's still my provider. He's still my healer. He's still my savior. He's still my my sustainer. Oh my. We need to change the atmosphere so we can see there's a living God among us. Hallelujah. So that we can step up into heavenly places. I don't want the atmosphere that I'm creating to pull me out of those heights. Come on now. I want to live in those heights every day of my life. Not just on a on a Wednesday or a Sunday. I want to live on those heights. When it's midnight and the devil's bombarding my mind, I still want to be in those heights. When the devil comes against my children, I still want to be in those heights. When the devil comes against my marriage, against the church, I still want to live in those heights. Oh, I don't believe the devil has enough to pull you out of those heights unless you allow it. That's right. Oh, hallelujah. You see, brother Brandham would tell us that we've got the power to speak a world into existence and go and live upon it. He says, "But the problem of it is," he says it's controlled by the law of faith. And he says, "We don't got the faith to believe that." But I do believe we can speak a a spiritual world into existence and go and live in go live in that place. Brother Brown would tell us that the church or a man can live so close to God that the devil does not know what to do with him. What is it? You've created another atmosphere. Oh my. The things you read upon creates an atmosphere. What ought to happen? Once we start feeding upon the message of the hour, start listening to the tapes. It's changing that atmosphere that when the devil does come against you, he can never touch you. Oh, because there's many things in this other atmosphere. Spiritual blessings are in this atmosphere. And brother Brandon would tell us that that if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours, not your emotions. Cuz your emotions can go up and down. Not your sensations because sometimes you don't feel God, but that soul, which is the real you. Whatever God leads that soul to believe, that is yours. So what is in this other dimension? And brother Brandham would tell us that that he he would be in a prayer line and there was a lady that would come close in that prayer line and she would start to cry and brother Brandham says she she she she can feel this but in this heavenly atmosphere that the the angel of the Lord is standing right here. She could not see it could not declare she noticed something was different about him. You see I don't want to notice something that's different about this word. I want to see what it is. You see, she was she was she was limited to her five senses, but there was a prophet that could live in that other dimension and could declare to her what is in her very presence. In another place, brother Brandon would say in this heavenly atmosphere, the angels of the Lord are mingling near even though we could not see them, they were still there, but in a heavenly atmosphere. But that was not just for the prophet because brother Brandham lived in that dimension. for the brand of Matelis. He would have to pinch himself many times to see if he was in a vision or if he was here. He was built to live in that dimension. But you were not or dictated by your five senses. But there's another sense. There's a six sense. And brother Brandham would tell us that faith, it rescues you from your five senses. Oh, come on. We're trium being, right? We're body, we're spirit, and we're soul. Our body has the five senses. Our soul. Our spirit has the five senses. But then that soul has two senses. Faith and its doubt. And brother Brandham says that faith rescues you from those five senses. So when your affection is being pressed against by gross darkness, then there's the soul. Faith rises up and says, "Not today." Brother Brandham, he he would tell us that whenever by faith you catch the word of God, it sends you into another dimension that makes it so real to you. Oh my. So even whenever your eyes cannot see that there's angels mingling here, your faith from that soul which is in heavenlies brings to you that there are angels here. Oh, whenever you feel like you're walking through the valley of the shadow of death, you fear no evil because that soul says the mighty angel is walking with me. Oh, come on now. Whenever you're in the lion's den, when you're in discouragement, then that soul lets you know even when your five senses does not declare it that the mighty angel, the angel of the Lord is walking with you. Hallelujah. The angels of God are mingling near. And brother Brown and I got this from Uncle Sean. Brother Brown would would talk about Elisha and whenever Gahesa would come to him and would say, "We're surrounded by the army." and and Elisha would say there's more with us than with him. And brother Brandon would say that Elisha might not have even seen those angels there, but he believed it because the word said they was there. Oh, come on. Sometimes we make it so spiritual. Oh, he's seen the angels of the Lord there. That's the reason why he believed him. It was all by faith that there's more with us than with him. And what would that faith do? It would open up the spiritual eyesight of that other land that he could see with that same faith. Oh, come on. It was a prophet that wasn't willing to let that boy go through confusion, but he would allow that boy or God would allow that boy his spiritual eyes to be open that he could see the same things. And we had a prophet that could look in that other dimension. But God has opened our spiritual eyes that we can look into the heavenlies and see the promises of God or yay and amen. Even when I don't feel it, even when I don't look like I can make it through it, the promises of God are still yay and amen. And my faith is declaring it. Hallelujah. My soul is declaring that they are there even when I don't see them. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham would say, "Blessing us with what? Divine healing for knowledge, revelation, visions, powers, tongues, interpretations, wisdom, fornowledge, all the heavenly blessings, joy, unspeakable and full of glory. Every heart filled with the spirit walking together, sitting together in heavenly places. Not one evil thought among us. Not one cigarette smoke. Not one short dress. Not one this, that, or the other. Not one evil thought. Nobody got anything against one another. Everybody speaking in love and harmony. Everybody with one accord in one place. And he says, "There you are has blessed us with all spiritual blessings." He didn't mention anything about a nice car. He didn't mention anything about a nice bank account. But he did say divine healing. He did say fornowledge. Oh, he did say revelation. Why would Jesus tell the disciples, "Rejoice not that the spirits are subject to you, but rejoice that your name is written in heaven." In a little church, you might not got a lot of money, but you can still rejoice. Cuz there's nothing the devil can do to take your name off of the lamb's book of life. There's a spiritual blessing called a revelation that once you get into the spiritual heights, you can see it for yourself. It's not good enough just for the preacher to see it, but you've got to see it. It's not good enough just for mama to see it. You've got to see it that my name is written on the lamb's book of life. I think it's time we get into the spirit and get transported into the Lord's day. Brother Brandon would tell us that John would get into the spirit and was transported into the Lord's day. And then he heard a voice saying, "I am Alpha and the Omega, the beginning the end." What was it? Once he got into the spirit, got into a heavenly atmosphere, he be to see who God really was, that he is the alpha and the omega. And brother Brandham says, once you get into the spirit, you'll start to go see things. You'll begin to see things just like John saw it. What did John see? That he is the alpha and the omega. But what can you see? He you can still see that he's the prince of peace. He's still the friend that stickketh closer than a brother. He is still the alpha and the omega. Oh, hallelujah. It's spiritual blessings. Oh my. Brother Brandon would tell us that now the you that's here and that's needing healing for your body. How many believers are here? Raise your hand. I'm a believer. As far as I know in my heart, how many possesses? He says, "You know beyond a shadow of doubt that in your heart right now, you've been raised from the dead. You know, oh my, what could happen in a meeting like this?" Yeah. He says, "I know I'm late, but what could happen right now?" Just think of it. What could take place? The potentials are laying in you right now. Oh my. Many times we put it all on God. If God wants to heal me, he'll heal me. If God wants to wants to set me free, no, the potentials are laying in you right now. If you can get in the right atmosphere, oh my, what creates the atmosphere, the preaching of the word, the Holy Ghost accompanies that word and then it conditions the atmosphere. That's why I'm so thankful that that that a pastor has a burden for this message, these tent meetings. He's bringing preachers in that preaches this message that the atmosphere can be conditioned that once your faith starts to rise, you can receive the spiritual blessings that God has for you. Oh my, he says the potentials are laying in you right now. Brother Brandham would even tell us that the rapture is laying in you right now. The potentials are there. But I don't believe that God has potentially called us to be the bride. The potentials are laying there, but I believe those potentials have to come to fruit. Oh man, I believe those potentials is not going to stay in a seed form, but they have to come to life. Whatever whatever seed is planted must come to life. And and I heard a quote the other day, Brother Brandham would talk about the acorn tree. And I think it's so incredible. He says, "If you wanted an acorn tree and I give you a an an an acorn," he says, "If you plant it in the south like you do in the north, it'll produce the same results." I thought, "My goodness." So, the church does not dictate it. The place does. Come on. The atmosphere you create, the the the condition that your ground is in, that's what dictates the the life of the seed. But you can take this word. If we plant it in Oklahoma, you can plant it the same way here. And if you have the right atmosphere, it'll bring it'll bring forth the same results in Oklahoma like it will right here in Blackburg, Virginia. Oh my, the potentials are there. And brother Brandon would tell us that that the the the that the church ought to be a million miles up the road. He says the potentials are there, but something is wrong. He says we have our rituals, we have our traditions, but he says there's no sincerity. And he says God loves sincerity. And he says the church is coming to the altar, but he says they're chewing bubble gum. He says they're they're snickering and hitting one another. He says there was no sincerity. But then he would talk about Zakius. And we say God caused him to do the ridiculous to see how determined he was to get to Jesus. Cuz we know the story of Zakius. He wanted the Bible would tell us that he desired to see Jesus and who he was. He did not just want to see the body of Jesus. He wanted to see who was inside of that body. Oh, come on now. I don't want to just see a preacher. I want to see who's the preacher talking about. Come on. I don't want to hear just just hear sermons. I want to see a living God. But he had a desire and he was sincere enough to fight for that desire. Brother Brandham says he would push a trash can up against the tree. would climb on top of that trash can and would start to climb a tree and he would come to the fork of the tree. And he says that's where the Old Testament and the New Testament met. And he says that put him in a position to see Jesus. Oh my. But he was willing to do the ridiculous. So then what would happen? The Bible says then Jesus walked by. So it was no longer Zakius desiring to see Jesus. Now it was Jesus desiring to see Zakius. Oh, once he was willing to do the ridiculous, then Jesus would say, "Zakayas, come down from there. For today I must abide in your house." And oh my, if you're willing to do the ridiculous, if you're willing to fight for that desire, then your answer would come by your way. I'm coming to your home tonight. If you're willing to get in the sincerity and say, "Lord, I'm willing to do what it takes. I'm going to see the miraculous in my life. I'm going to see the supernatural in my home, in my church, whatever it is. I'm willing to do the ridiculous. Hallelujah. And then what would happen? I know this is simple, but what would happen? The Bible says he would go to Zakius's house, but Jesus already said he was going to abide. And the word abide means to take up residence. But then Jesus would leave. Did that mean Jesus lied? No. The flesh may have left. But the revelation, the one Zakius wanted to see would forever abide in that hole. And that revelation would begin to change Zakius. Oh my. Because Bible tells us that Zakayas would start to go to all the ones that he' done wrong. And would and he would ask for forgiveness. He'd repay all the ones that he done wrong. What happened? That the body may have left. The preachers are going to leave in a couple weeks. But the revelation that they're bringing to you can abide in your heart, abide in your home, that it can bring a change. It can bring your body subject to the will of God. Oh, hallelujah. Because if you really know the potentials are on the inside, you'll be perseverant to get in the right atmosphere. And brother Brandham would tell us that men through all of the ages that's ever tried to achieve something, he says they had to be persistent. And he says in order to be persistent, you have to know that what you are after you can achieve. Oh man, that hit me square between the eyes cuz many times we do that as church members. We thank God for the brass revival. We thank God for peace and joy and we know it's there, but the devil tells us we can't achieve it. Oh, the devil tells us we can't have a total deliverance. He tells us we can't have joy in the midst of the trial. But before you can be persistent, you have to know what you're after is achievable. Oh man. And I've used this example so many times, but how many's ever been on a diet before, man? And I have struggled with my weight all of my life. I've been on diets. I've been exercising. But what happens is you get sick and tired of the weight, right? Then what you do is you tell yourself, "I'm going to start eating right. I'm going to start working out." But the first 3 to four days is hard. And if you can ever get over that hump, then you start to do better. But those first three or four days, your mind starts to tell you you can't do it. You can't achieve it. You can't lose weight. And then once you start to believe that, then you're not persistent. Then you're not persevering because you think that what you're after you can never achieve. And don't let the devil tell you that. that you cannot have joy, you can't have revival, you can't have your children, you can't have a the the filling of the Holy Ghost, you can't have a renewing. If you are led from your soul to a believing, then be perseverant against all the odds, against the negativity, against the doubt and the unbelief, be perseverant and say, "Whatever it takes, if I need to fast and pray for this meeting, I'm going to do it. If I have to lay aside my phone, I'm going to do it. I'm willing to do the ridiculous for me to see the miraculous. Hallelujah. Because there's a reward for it. The Bible would tell us in Hebrews 11:6, "But without thou faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." So the reward is only going to come from diligence. It's only going to come from perseverance. It's only going to come from somebody saying, "I'm going to do this against every opposition, against all the odds, I'm going to do it." Because you see, once our soul is in heavenly places, then the word starts to bring our body into subjection. And brother Brown would tell us, he would say, "Now we can preach the word, explain the word, but you have to receive the word." Oh, hallelujah. He says, "That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive the word, the revelation, something slips out of the unseen world yonder and comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul that says, "Now I see." And then he says this, "Your eyes brighten up. Your lips that hung down straighten up and smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something's going to happen." What made this change? The heavenlies came into the soul. Come on now. What was it? The revelation. Once you get that revelation, he says something slips out into an unseen world yonder and it brings it into your soul. And then your soul says, "Now I see you." And then your body gets brought into subjection that the the the smile that was no that wasn't there begins to smile again. every every muscle in your body begins to rejoice because your your body was brought into subjection by your soul. You see, we're not to be controlled by our emotions. Come on now. We're not to be controlled by by your affection or imagination and our conscience. But our soul is to control our body. We're going to make mistakes. We're going to make failures. But the the the soul is going to pick you back up and say, "I'm sorry." and continue going on. Brother Brandham says, "The spirit that raised him from the dead dwelling in you will also bring your mortal bodies, the dust of the earth into subjection." You see what is it? Subjection to what? Christ. Who is Christ? The word. Not the theology, but the word. Oh my. Not some theology, not some tradition, but the word. And I believe that that we don't have to live in spiritual poverty because of our emotions. My brother Brandon would tell the story uh the lady that was living in poverty. I I know y'all know the story. And and she would sell all of her furniture for food and the neighbor would call uh but would call charity and they would send investigators over and would ask her, "How old are you?" She would say, "I'm 80 years old." And she would say, they would ask her, "Do you have no family, no children, nobody that can take care of you?" And she would say, "No, I've got a son and he's over in India. He's a businessman." And they would say, "Man, does he not take care of you?" Does he not give you any money and financial support? She would say, "Oh, well, you know, he sends me uh beautiful pictures once or twice a month, but but I don't want to bother him about money. You know, it's a nice thing that he he sends me these pictures, but I don't want to bother him. He's busy." And they said, "Let us see those pictures." And she would go grab her Bible, open up the Bible. And in the Bible was money orders. Brother Brandham says she had hundreds of thousands of dollars in those money orders, but she was living in spiritual poverty because she failed to realize what was deposited to her. Oh, come on, church. I don't believe we have to live in spiritual poverty. If we can only recognize that we're not serpent seed, but we're the bride of Jesus Christ. We're not some casting. We're not tribulation saints, but we're the bride of Jesus Christ that he has given his name to. Whatsoever you do in word or do I indeed do all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's what the bride is doing. We have taken on his name. You see, brother Brandon, he and God's provided place of worship. Brother Brandham would get into an argument with I guess a trinitarian I think is what it was. And they were talking about water baptism. You know, brother Brandon, the man would come to brother Brandham and would say, "So, does everything your wife do when she sweeps, is she saying, "I'm doing in the in William Brandham's name, William Brandham's name." She He says, "No, but first, she has to take on my name." He says, "You can't just go down the street and say, "Come here, Mrs. Brown. Miss Brown, come be my wife." He says, "You can't do that. That would be adultery." But he says, you got to take, she has to take on your name through a marriage. And then once she takes on your name, then everything she does is now in your name. He says, "Now when sister Ma took on my name, when she's sweeping, that's in my name. When she's cooking, that's in my name." Cuz there was a union that took place between her and me. And the bride has taken on the name of Jesus Christ. This message has brought us together, has brought the body to the head, and has united us together. So when you're at the workplace, you're doing it in the name of Jesus. Whenever you're sweeping your home, cleaning your house, you're doing it all in the name of the Lord Jesus. And in that name becomes the the benefits comes the realities of the supernatural. Oh, we don't got to live in spiritual poverty. The apostle Paul would say, "What I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest that by any means when I preach to others, I myself should be a cast away." Scullfield would say, "Lead your body captive." So, I I lead my body captive and bring it into subjection. So, it's no longer your flesh leading you, your emotions leading you, and your feelings, but now you brought that into subjection. And then that word cast away in the Greek means not standing the test. And I thought, my cuz brother Brandon would tell us that tempted is to be tested. So every time the devil tempts us and tests us, he's trying to get you to be a cast away. Oh, and if you're having mind battles, he's trying to get you to be a cast away. But I bring my my my mind into subjection. I lead it captive unless I am a cast away. And the the the James 1:12 would say, "Blessed is the man that endureth temptation or testing, for when he has tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him." And the Apostle Brother would tell us that that crown means eternal life. He says, "The crown of life means eternal life, and it's a domain upon the earth. And we're to be made kings and priests upon the earth." So that's why we cannot be a cast away when the devil comes. That's why the Apostle Paul knew if I can just keep my my my body into subjection. If I can just keep my mind into subjection, there's a crown of life that is waiting for me. Even when he was being beaten, he had the reward in mind. When he was being stoned, there was a reward in his mind. If I can just be perseverant, I can obtain the reward that God has given me. The Apostle Paul would say, "Satan buffets me." And we know what that means. Brother Brandon would tell us that it's blow after blow after blow. And the Apostle Paul, I think it's incredible that what he types it to. He says, "It's a thorn in my flesh." And he says, "Lord, take this affirmity from me." And the Lord would speak back to him and would say, "My grace is sufficient for thee that in your weakness my strength can be made perfect." And he was saying, "It's my flesh, not my soul. My flesh is weak. My flesh is being buffeted." But the Lord says, "I'm giving you grace to bring that flesh into subjection." Even when you're tired, even when you're beat down, his grace is still sufficient. It's still more than enough to meet the need. Even when you feel like you can't take another step, his grace is still there. Yeah. Oh man, it seems like it's that when we're at the lowest moment is when the devil comes or the Bible would tell us that Jesus was led into the wilderness to be tempted and he fasted 40 days and 40 nights and afterwards he was a hunger and then the Bible says then the tempter came to him and what did what did the tempter do in Matthew 4:3 and when the tempter came to him he said if thou be the son of God command these stones to be made bread that wasn't tempting the soul that was tempting the flesh. He was hungry. If thou be the son of God, turn these stones into bread. But then he would pick up scripture and would say, "It is written." And what I love about it is the Bible would tell us that then the devil would pick up his own scripture and would say, "Jump from this mountain and it is written that the angels are going to come and and will pick you up before you fall." And then Jesus would say, "It is written again." So even when the devil was coming with scripture to beat him down, there was a discernment. There was a discernment to say, "Hey, but it is also written." And many times the devil does that with condemnation. Says, "You made a mistake." And the Bible says here that you're not worthy. You're this and you're that. But that's when that soul rises up and says, "It is also written that there's nothing you can do." Oh, hallelujah. That there's no sin against me. There's no addiction against me. There's no past against me, there's no failures against me, it is also written, even when my flesh does not want to believe it, I still believe it. Oh my, that's when the enemy scatters is whenever his champion is beat down. Brother Brandon would tell us that the whenever the Philistines came against the Israelites and was boasting, he says, Goliath, he says, the devil only comes against you when he thinks he has the upper hand. And here comes Goliath. and he's boasting, "Send me out a man, you know, defy the armies of the living God." But something changed real quick when a man accepted the challenge and brought Goliath down. It was no longer the Philistines chasing the Israelites, but now it's the Israelites chasing the Philistines. How come their champion was brought down? The champion was brought into subjection. And brother Brandham says, "Who's your greatest enemy?" Yourself. So once your body gets brought into subjection, that's when every enemy scatters. Oh, come on now. That's when the devil gets on the run. Because if he can't get your mind or get your body, he can never get that soul. So I said, let's be bring our body into subjection and start chasing the devil. Bring our emotions into subjection. Bring our feelings into subjection. What I see, what I hear, what I feel, that does not matter. The only thing that matters is the word of God. casting down imagination. 2 Corinthians 10:4, my my opening scripture. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God through the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought, excuse me, to the obedience of Christ. Brother Brown would say, "Cast down reasonings." He says, "Your reasoning power will go away when you die." But he says, "Your soul is going to be with you forever." Ain't that incredible? Cast down those reasonings because they're going to die anyways. Don't throw away your soul for reasonings. But g up that soul and cast down the reasonings because that soul is going to live forever. And what I think is is powerful is brother Brandham would talk about how whenever Jesus was upon the upon the boat and the storms was coming against that little boat, brother Brandham says that that he created the winds, he created the waves, it was creation from him. He says if he created them, could he not bring them into subjection? And he says he he he would speak peace, be still and they would have to obey him because he created them. He then goes on to say, "Let us remember he also created our bodies." He says, "If he created our bodies," he says, "Can't you not surrender your thoughts to him and surrender your life to him? Then your body can be brought into subjection." The Apostle Paul would say, "The life I once lived, I live no more, but Christ that lives hid me." His body was a creation just like the winds and the waves. He created those winds and the waves. Then they had to be brought into subjection. And then he would say, "And then our bodies will make a will obey him so much that whenever we lose full control of it and we're laying there in the grave and he says we're just a spoonful of dust," he says our bodies is still subject to him. Though when the voice of resurrection begins to ring out, that body has to come out of the grave. That's what happens when we are subject to the word of God. You might go the way of the grave, but when your emotions are gone, when your sensations are gone, that soul is still living. And that body that was once subject to the word will be brought out of that grave. It was Jesus when he came to the the the the tomb of Lazarus and was say, Lazarus, come forth. There was a deep call into the deep. He had to respond. Oh my. Even if we go by the way of the grave, we have to respond. Brother Brandham must say when the tribulation when the tribulation comes, he says the Holy Spirit is going to go back to its maker. And he says if we're tied to it, we're going to go with it as well. What is it? Our body has been made subject to him. Though whenever tribulation does begin to come, we're out of here. I don't believe we're going through the tribulation. Come on now. We're not tribulation saints. We're the bride of Christ, the rapturing generation that has been made subject to him. Hallelujah. Brother Brand, I think this quote is so powerful. He would say this. He spoke of this age and what would be now. The believers of this age has to believe this. What he promised today just as just as they had to come into the ark to be saved, go out of Egypt to be saved. They have to come into Christ to be saved now into the word message that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. How do you get in it? By baptism. Baptism of what? Water by the Holy Ghost. One spirit we all baptized into one body. And he says and his promised word, he says you won't have to interpret it. He will interpret it through you. What are you doing? What he promised to do. The church that follows him will be so much like him. And so the people will know. I love it. He asked the question, what are you going to do? What he promised to do. So, it's no longer I that liveth, but it's Christ that liveth in me. It's not me trying to do the greater works. It's him doing the greater works inside of my life. Hallelujah. Oh my. And God just needs a body to work through to perform the will of the father. And the Bible would talk about a man that was possessed with the devil. And and this man, this father would come to Jesus and would say, "My son throws himself into the fire, throws himself into the water. And if you can just do anything, have compassion upon me. And what would Jesus say? Jesus would look at him and would say, "If thou cast believe, all things are possible." And what would that man say? I do believe, but help my unbelief. Oh, man. Don't we get that place sometimes? Lord, I believe. I've not lost my faith, but I'm just weary. I'm just tired. I believe, but help my unbelief. And what I I think is so incredible is this man came to Jesus and says just have compassion on me. And man, Jesus wasn't there to give compassion, right? Because what would brother Brandham tell us whenever Jesus went to the pool of Bethesda? Brother Brandham says that you would think a man full of compassion would have stopped by everybody else and healed them. Y'all remember him talking about that? He says many people mistake compassion for human sympathy. He says compassion is to do the will of the father. So here came this man to Jesus said, "My boy is is possessed by a spirit, throwing him into the water, throwing him into the fire. Just have sympathy on me." And I'm so thankful we got a five-fold ministry that don't just have sympathy on you, but is bringing you the will of the father. The will of the father wasn't for Jesus to look at that man and say, "I'm so sorry you had to go through that. I'm sorry your house is is bound by devils. I'm sorry your boy is being tormented, but maybe if you if you do this and be good, maybe God will deliver you. Jesus didn't say none of that. He threw away human sympathy. It says if you can believe the will of the father can be manifested into your life. And this message has not brought us human sympathy. It has brought us the will of the father. That if you can believe, believe for big things. Whatever the spirit leads your soul to believe, believe it. Even if you're weak in faith, cry out to God. Lord, I believe, but help my unbelief. I don't want sympathy. Give me the promises of God. Give me the spiritual blessings of God. That I can have joy unspeakable and full of glory. That I can have my peace. I can have my children filled with the Holy Ghost. I don't want sympathy. Give me the will of the father. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I don't want sympathy. I want the will of the father in my life. And what would happen? The boy would be made set free because of the will of the father. It was the will of the father claiming a body. And that body then would start to manifest what was in God's mind. And he's still claiming bodies today. Oh, you remember Elisha and Elijah? The Bible would tell us that that Elijah would go he he would go by Elisha. And I think it's incredible here Elisha was plowing with oxen. And the Bible says Elijah would go by him and just throw his mantle upon him. Didn't even say a word. Just threw his mantel upon Elisha. And Elisha stopped and he says, "Hang on, let me go kiss my mother and father goodbye and then I will follow you." And brother, the Bible would tell us that those oxen that he had, he slayed them. He would slay the oxen and would give it to the town's people to eat. Brother Brandham says, "What did that represent?" That was him killing everything behind him and choosing a new life. So he was he would go and brother Brandham would tell us there was three stages right to Elisha. He would he would go to uh he would go to Gilgal, I believe, right? He would go to Gilgal. And what I think is incredible is brother Brown would say that Elijah would test Elisha and would say, "The Lord is calling me to Gilgal, you stay here." And Elisha would say, "No, as the Lord liveth and my soul liveth, I'm going with you." They would go to Gilgal. The same thing he was going to the school of the prophets. And Elijah would say, "Stay here." He says, "No, as the Lord liveth and as my soul liveth, I'm going with you." We need some more believers like that. Even when my faith is tested, as long as there's a God in Israel, I'm going to follow you. They would go to the school of the prophets. And this is what I think is so powerful that there was there was 50 prophets that would pull Elisha to the side and would say, "Hey, Elijah's getting old. Won't you stay here with us? He's going to die." And you know what he says? No. As the Lord liveth and as my soul liveth, I'm going with Elisha. Or Elijah, you know what brother Brandham said? Brother Brandham says he had tasted of God and he knew there was more for him. Oh my, we need some more believers like that. I've tasted of God before, but there was more for me. There's more power to come inside of this flesh. There's more anointing to come inside of my life. Let me be the embodiment of the supernatural of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. Then the Bible would tell us that they would go to Jordan and before as they were on the the border of Jordan, which was the third stage, and was about to cross over, the Bible says that those 50 prophets were watching from afar. And I thought that was so sad that here was the prophet taking the next generation into their inheritance and they were standing from afar. I said, "Lord, don't let us do that. Come on now. Time to stand from afar and watch others cross over into the promised land. Watch the others cross over Jordan, which is death. Watch all the other ones walk over and I'm watching from afar. The Bible says they would cross over Jordan. And then Elijah would say, "Hey, you've been with me a long time. What do you want? What's your request?" And the Bible says Elisha looked at him and says, "I want a double portion." Cuz we know he grabbed the mantel, right? Struck the struck the Jordan. They get across it and he says, "I want a double portion." And what would Elijah say? You've asked a hard thing, but if you keep your eyes upon me, when I leave, you shall have what you ask for. And brother Brandham says he never took his eyes off of Elijah. And he says, what does that represent? The word. He says the bride is to keep their eyes upon the word. We're not deifying, brother Brandham. But we have got deity, the word. And that is what we're watching. That is where our inheritance is going to come from is the word of God. Oh my. The Bible says as Elisha Elijah was going off in the chariots of fire that the mantle would fall back on Elisha. And you know what would happen? What what that he would pick up that mantle. And what is so important about this mantle and and as I was studying on these things, I I thought it was so incredible that the first time that this mantle was mentioned was whenever Elijah was running from Jezebel and he was in that cave and he was he was trying to hear from the Lord. He heard the earthquake. The Lord wasn't in the earthquake, right? Heard the fire. The Lord wasn't there. He heard another. The Lord wasn't there. But then that still small voice. And the Bible says once he heard that still small voice, he picked up that mantle and covered his face with it. And I thought, my goodness, what made that mantle so special was that still small voice. And if you look in the Greek, the the the definition of Elijah's mantle is glory. Everybody else's mantle or cloak meant mantle meant cloak, but Elijah's mantle meant glory. And I thought, "Oh my, we've got the glory of the Lord in this generation that has claimed our life, it was the glory of the Lord that whenever he threw that cloak upon Elisha, he would say, "I will follow again." It was the glory of the Lord that would split the Jordan and they would walk across it. But it was that same authority that Elisha would pick up and would say, "Where is the God of Elijah?" And the same miracle that Elijah would produce. Elisha was then demonstrating and little church, we've got our double portion in this generation. The glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. Not just around you, but upon you and has claimed your life, you shall speak to this mountain. Whatever you desire in your heart, you speak the word and doubt not. And it'll happen as you say. The glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. Brother Brown must say, "We've been claimed by the glory of the Lord." He says, "We once was claimed by the devil's pawn shop, but then the glory of the Lord claimed us out of it." Oh my. That's why greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world. It's not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's nothing you can do, but it's the Almighty God bringing you subject to his word. Hallelujah. Where is the God of Elijah? Where is he? Brother Brandham says the reason Elijah or God called Elisha was because he was he he would plow straight roads. And he says he could not look behind him. He says if he would look behind him, he would veer off. But he says he was keeping his eyes straight ahead. And little church, we're not looking behind us at a God of yesterday, a revival of yesterday, a message of yesterday. We're looking straight ahead of us. Brother Brandon must say this is bright time. He says the message of yesterday cannot condition you, but he says this is bright time. We're not looking behind us, but we are the Elisha that was plowing and looking straight ahead, forgetting those things which are behind and pressing forward to the things ahead of us. You know, brother Brandon would talk about a pain of fire and I'm bringing this to a close. He would talk about a pain of fire and and would say this here. The pain of fire. He says, "It's crazy if you would bring somebody that was cold and would say, "Here's a paint of fire." He says, "What's that represent? A fire of yesterday." He says, "That fire could could heat you up yesterday, but not today. Now it's painted." Oh, come on. We're not looking at a god of yesterday. We're not looking at a a tent meeting of last year. We're thankful for that. But what about today? I'm not looking of something of 10 years ago, 20 years ago when brother Brandon was upon the earth in the 60s, but I'm looking at a God of today. This ain't a painted religion. This is a reality that can still change lives. Let our musicians come this morning. We're looking straight at the word of God. No matter what comes and what goes, we're looking at the word of God. Isaiah 52:1, "Awake, awake, put on thy strength. Oh Zion, put on thy beautiful garments. Oh Jerusalem, the holy city, for henceforth there shall be no more come into thee, the uncircumcised and the unclean, and shake thyself from the dust and arise." Oh my bride, I think it's time that we put on the strength of the word and shake thyself from the dust. Shake oursel from our humanity. shake oursel from every thought that is that is that that is contrary to the word of God and leading it captive bring into subjection my body and lest when I preach to others I myself may be a cast away the Apostle Paul would say let us therefore cast off the works of darkness and let us put on the armor of light let us cast off those things and put on the glory of the Lord we've been claimed by it oh little church we've and claimed by brother Brandham would say, "Oh, what a day. What an opportunity that even the weakest of Christians has today testify for the glory of the Lord." What an opportunity to do something that the prophets desire to do. It's laid in the hands of the feeblest Christians, the little housewives. It's in your hands today to testify to the glory of Jesus Christ and his resurrection. It's in your hands. The ones that the feeblest, the tired, the most weary, it seems like your mind is bringing you down. Your body is bringing you down. But it's in your hands to testify of the glory of the Lord. Oh my. I say, don't let the devil take away our praise. Don't let the devil take away our joy. For we've been claimed by the glory of the Lord. But the devil meant for evil, God turned for good. Everything the devil's thrown upon us, God has brought us back. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads tonight this morning, dear. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we love you. Thank you for this word that you've given us and calling us out, Lord, and placing us into heavenly places, Lord, claiming us by your glory. Lord, I ask that you would just be so real to us, Father, as we come into this meeting. Speak to the hearts, Lord. Speak to the needs, Lord. I know you can do it even now as we feel your presence here among us. Lord, if there's some that is weary and beat down, Father, maybe their flesh has got the best of them. Lord, may you lift up the feeble hands. May the weak say, "I am strong." Lord, I ask that you would encourage, strengthen. Father Lord, you're still Jehovah Gyra, our provider. Lord, we love you. Father, we commit the remainder of this service into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. The power. Can we sting and stand and sing this name of Jesus? [Music] and God bless you this morning as we turn to our [Music] pastor. Oh yes, God the [Music] [Music] We've got the power in the name. Do you believe that this morning? Oh, we've got the power to live in another atmosphere, a creative atmosphere. an atmosphere that Satan himself cannot live in. Oh yes, we will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. How for many years now, Satan's done his best to stop us. [Music] But the bride of Jesus is still strong and alive. And like a mighty army, she's marching upward. It's the way brother Brandham saw us. Going up, up, up. Hallelujah. walking with God. Hallelujah. The devil don't know what to do with us. He's done everything. He's thrown everything at us. And we're still moving. We're still getting stronger. Heaven bound. Hallelujah. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the [Laughter] Lord. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I won't be shaken. I won't be moved. So I We better go down again. So So I won't be shamed. ten and I won't be [Music] moved. My God is faithful. Isn't he faithful? His promise is true. So I'll say to this mountain, not going to get in an atmosphere of doubt. I'll stay in an atmosphere of faith and speak the word. Hallelujah. Oh, sing it again now. Oh, I won't be shaking. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to this mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, now why should I worry when giants come calling my name? Hallelujah. My God is so much bigger than any trouble I [Music] face for power or [Music] riches, inches or fame. [Music] of God is so much better than all of these things. My soul won't be [Music] shen. I won't be moved. For my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll say to this mountain, you got to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than. Sing that second verse. All my enemies scatter cuz they know. They know Satan was defeated at Calvary. He knows it's done. My my my. Yeah. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Cuz my God is greater than death, hell, and the grave. And I won't be [Music] shen. I'm not going to be moved. My God is greater. His promise is true. So I speak to that mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Do you believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Now, think of it. Satan's already met the word. And he knows what that word will do. He knows he was defeated at Calvary. He knows that Jesus come and took the keys of death, hell, and the grave. He knows all these things. The prophet said he's just nothing but a bluff. If he could get you to believe differently, now he already knows what's true. But if he can get us to believe differently, Amen. then he can have his way with us because we allow him to do that. But we are now understanding the word. We are understanding by revelation that we rose with Jesus Christ. We conquered with him. He represented us. And there is nothing the devil can do anymore. We ain't going to believe his lies. We ain't going to believe his scandals. We ain't going to listen to that old stupid devil. Amen. And I'm so glad for that. We've already won. Hallelujah. And I'm I've already Amen. So the prophet said, "You're not going to be sons of God. You are sons of God now." Amen. So now we're living like sons of God. Acting like sons of God, speaking like sons of God. Can you say amen? Sons with authority. I uh enjoyed the message today and appreciate Brother Josh um delivering his heart to us and we want to just take it take it uh to heart and don't let the devil take it from us. Amen. And uh I'm so thankful for the word of life. Amen. That we can feed off of and we can defeat the devil with. And praise the Lord. I love the Lord. And uh just a reminder, the desserts um sign up sheet is in the back. And um those that don't that don't have a pen or whatever it's in the back by the door. I guess that's what that was. Pin pans. So anyways, um there's something in the back of the door. If you need it, take it. And uh pans. Pans. So, oh, big pan. So, there's a big old pan and um so, uh if you need it. Oh, to help cook your dessert. So, no excuse is what is basically what it's saying, right? If you need a stove, that's not in the back, but we'll provide a stove. We'll do something. We'll pray. God's a provider. Amen. if you need bills paid. Amen. Don't talk to me. Amen. But uh uh we'll pray. Anyways, God bless you all. Love you. We want to keep Brother Josh in our prayer. And uh we're going to uh for those that would like to help uh move the chairs and uh things um uh we're going to meet around 3:30. Uh so they give us 2 and 1/2 hours to eat and uh and so if you'd like to to help us, we would sure appreciate that. And um Amen. I'm excited excited about what God's going to do. And um uh we're getting everything uh it's slowly coming. Uh we we would have normally had all the music and everything set up over there, but we weren't able to uh uh get the uh uh stage and and and all the u speakers and all that until tomorrow. And um we had a scare. We thought that uh Brother Kevin was going to have to drive all the way to South Carolina today to go pick everything up, but the Lord really worked that out. And um so we got to go pick everything up or Brother Kevin's going to pick it up at Ron Oak in the morning. And uh so we'll be busy tomorrow getting it all set up and ready to go have church. Amen. God bless you. Let's just bow our heads now. Lord Jesus, we're so appreciative of your word. And father, how easy it is for it to become
