################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Pastor Shawn Martin Nursing Off The Promises By Faith - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-12
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "Nursing Off The Promises By Faith"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vuTwZNJHpM
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] What are you doing? [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] So, unspeakable and full of glory or the half has never yet been told. I have found his grace is all complete. He supply every need. While I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free. Yes, free indeed. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. All the half has never yet been told. I have found the pleasure I once crave. It is joy and peace within. What a wondrous blessing I am. Say from the awful guilt of sin. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory all the half. Can we go up a he? Oh, I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been. Can we stand now? I have found the joy no tongue can tell. How it waves of glory roar. It is like a great overflowing well springing up within my soul. Oh. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Amos to invite the Lord's presence. This joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, yes. This joy that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Sing it again. Oh yes. Now this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Yes. this joy that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. This peace. Oh yes. Now this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This peace that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I had. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. And the world, this freedom, oh yes, now this freom I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Yes. This freom I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this freom I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. This joy. Oh yes. Now, this joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. This Do you have that joy I'm talking about? Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, yes. This joy that I had. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. and the world. Can we sing it one more time as they come for the offering? Oh, yes. Now, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Yeah, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Amen. I'm so thankful for that tonight. Amen, brother Tim. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Well, I walked I walked all over. Oh, I searched. I searched all over over well I turned around all over over and there's no one there's no one like him sing it now there's no one there's no one like Jesus oh there's no one there's no one like him there's no one there's No one like my Jesus. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like him. Sing it now. Well, I walked I walked all over. I searched I searched all over. Oh, I turned around. Oh, all over. And there's no one. There's no one like him. With all your heart, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. I'm a witness. There's no one there's no one like him. Well, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there. Sing it again. Oh, yes. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. I searched all over. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. I searched all over and there is none like him. Amen. Can we sing that song? Surround me, oh Lord. Amen. Me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. And let your presence fill this place. Oh, surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. [Music] Surround me, oh Lord. And let your presence fill this place. Oh, surround me. Oh Lord, let my desires surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. And let your presence fill this place. Sing it again. Surround me. Oh Lord, is that your prayer? Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. And let your presence fill this place one more time. Surround me. Oh, come by here. Lord, surround me. Oh Lord, surround me, oh Lord. Let your presence fill this place. For in your presence, [Music] that's where I am strong. In your praisees, oh Lord my God, in your presencees, Lord, that's where I belong. I'm seeking your face. I'm touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. [Music] It's in your presence, oh God. Oh, in your presence, Lord, that's where I am strong. In your presence, [Music] oh Lord my God, in your presence, Lord, that's where I belong. Lord, I'm seeking your face. I'm touching your grace. Oh, in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence. Oh God, as they would just play softly. Now, I've got a a written prayer request we want to make known tonight. Um, brother um both brother David Gabman and his wife, Sister Laura, have been in the hospital. Um, I believe sister Laura is out, but she has uh respiratory a respiratory virus infection and pneumonia. A virus infection and pneumonia. And uh with the David has been fighting a severe u colonitis co something like that in his it's in his colon. The doctors are saying it his colon inside of his colon looked like hamburger meat. just uh just just uh just totally just destroying his colon there. So, let's just keep him in our prayers that the Lord would just go down and touch uh brother David and sister Laura. Amen. We serve an ontime God. Amen. Maybe we could uh ask uh brother Judah if he would come and lead us tonight. We want to remember our pastor that the Lord would just move him uh move in a special way. Amen. And how many has an unspoken request but lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you this evening, Lord. Just thankful that we can gather in your house, Father, and worship you, Lord. And you see the needs that was brought before us, Father. We ask that you just come down and touch each need, Lord. Each hand that was raised, Father, you know their needs, Lord. and just bless our pastor as he brings forth your word this evening. May we pour on the gift. Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. That's where I belong. Lord, I'm seeking your face. Oh, I'm touching your grace. Oh, in the cliff of the rock, Lord, in your presence. Oh God, [Music] now I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are on the rock. [Music] And I want to hide where the blazing fire cannot burn me. It's in your presence, oh God. Oh, in your presence, Lord, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, my God, in your presence, Lord, that's where I belong. Oh, I'm seeking your face. I'm touching your grace [Music] in the cliff of the rock. [Music] It's in your presence. And do you have a song for us? Oh, in your presence as mom gets ready to come. That's where I am strong. In your presence, [Music] oh Lord, my God, in your presence, Lord, that's where I belong. I'm seeking your face. Lord, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence. Oh God, you can be seated. Amen. I come up here a lot of times and want to give a testimony and then I always get nervous and forget. So while I remember there's two things I just want to thank the Lord for. I had sent this message out to the sisters, but my brother is a policeman in Dallas area and the other day someone had ran a red light and he said he, you know, he just saw out of the corner of his eye enough time to slam on the brakes, but it was still close enough. It hit the front of his car and tore it up. And um I'm sure it could have been a lot worse, but all he had was a cut on his finger and just bumped his head and he went right back to work after they cleared him. So just thank the Lord for sparing his life. And I have had um an umbilical hernia for a while and sometimes it was given me a lot of pain um with just a lot of issues in um anyway back in um March I think whenever we went to Arizona the meeting there I went up for prayer and um it's still physically there in the sense of seeing it but I believe it's completely healed because had no more pain, no more issues out of it. So, that's gone and I know the rest is going to follow. And I just want to thank the Lord for that. There's no name Jesus. I have tasted. I have seen nothing better than his presence. a friend when I'm in need. [Music] There's no sweeter name than Jesus. [Music] He's the savior of my soul. And by his blood, I am forgiven. He calls me now his own. And I will declare his goodness. I will declare his love. My life will testify forever. [Music] All that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. [Music] There's no greater name than Jesus. [Music] At its mention, darkness hides. All creation stands in wonder and heaven glorifies [Music] and I will declare his goodness. I will declare his love. My life will testify forever. All that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. [Music] There's no greater name than Jesus. And that it's mentioned darkness hides. [Music] All creation stands in wonder and heaven glorifies. [Music] I will declare his goodness. I will declare his love. My life will testify forever all that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. Hallelu. He is worthy. worthy of our praise. Halleluah. He is worthy worthy of our praise. Halleluah. [Music] He is worthy. Worthy of our praise. is hallelujah. He is worthy, worthy of our praise. And I will declare his goodness. I will declare his love. My life will testify forever all that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. Oh, I will declare his goodness and I will declare his love. My life will testify forever. All that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. All that he is and what he's done. [Music] Amen. Are you thankful for that? Tonight we will give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love. We will tell of his love. We will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Oh, we will give all the glory to Jesus. and tell of his love. We will tell of his love. We will give all the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonderful love. Sing it one more time. Oh, we will give all the glory to Jesus. Oh, and tell of his love. We will tell of his love. We will give all the gloryy to Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonderful love. [Music] Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? Only believe. Oh. Only believe. Only [Music] believe. All things are possible if it only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. All things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. All things are possible for Jesus is here. Can you lift your hands and say, "Lord, I believe." Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord. I believe all possible. [Music] Yes, Lord. I believe, Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. [Music] Amen. Well, aren't you glad that you can believe? Amen. That Amen. It's not just an intellectual faith, but it's the God's own faith working through us. God believing his own word. Amen. And we're glad for that. Amen. And apologize for the um the AC being out, but uh uh it's just backslid. So, you pray for it and get it working. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, if you have your Bibles, we're going to just go right on into the word. Um, going to go to two places. First of all, Psalms 107. We read this last um, Sunday. And it's good to have Brother Amos and Sister Lisa back with us. and trust they had a good service and all. And um brother Andrew asked me to greet you all. He's there in Colorado ministering uh this evening. And so uh we want to keep him in our prayer. And um brother Josh uh Bennett uh will be having his meeting uh next week. So, actually be a week from tomorrow, next Thursday through Sunday. And so, um, I think Brother Wayne Lawson and Brother Matthew McGary will be ministering. And so, if you're able to make it, I know you'll be blessed and I'm sure you'll be a blessing to them as well. So, um, uh, again, June 19th through the 22nd. Amen. And um also uh brother Andy Schuler, I think that's how you'd say his last name, uh from Tucson. He's a a minister there with brother Doug Baker. Uh they're coming through. Uh he and his family um on July 13th on a Sunday. And so he'll be ministering for us at that time. And um so we want to keep that in mind and um I'm sure you'll be blessed uh by his ministry. And um then also uh a brother from Africa, Brother Jeffrey Johnson. I'd met him a few years back and and um he um just a real real humble brother. loves the message and um we have actually prayed for his wife uh a little while back um going through a lot of things. But this this brother is just constantly doing things u for the Lord and um going in places that are very dangerous and um uh going places where probably people don't go. but he's starting churches and uh just a a real good brother and loves the message. But he had text me today and said he's going to be coming through and uh wanted to stop by on July 2nd on a Wednesday. And so um uh we want to keep that in mind and and I'm sure we'll be blessed uh by his ministry and and um uh I'm sure you'll you'll enjoy the brother. And so uh anyways, we'll keep reminding you on these dates, but um uh it's it's good that God's got a bride around uh the world. Amen. Is believing the message. Amen. And so before we go into the word, let's just bow our heads and and talk to the Lord. Father, Lord, we're just so thankful that we can bask in your presence and knowing, Lord, that um you've got our lives in your hands. You've you've got our future secure. And Lord, uh we're just at rest in that. And we're just asking now that you would move tonight. And Lord, may what words we would have to say be edifying and be uh uh something that would help your people, Father, for we want to draw closer to you. And Lord, we want to be ready for that soon event that is uh imminent, Lord. and we just love you and we thank you for the promises in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Psalms 107:19, we'll start. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. And then uh Romans the 4th chapter uh we're going to read the few verses here starting at the first verse Romans 4 and 1. It says, "What shall we say then that Abraham our father as pertaining to the flesh hath found? For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory, but not before God. For what saith the scripture, Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness? Now to him that workketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. But to him that workketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man unto whom God imputth righteousness without works, saying, "Blessed are they uh whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also. For we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness. How was it then reckoned? When he was in circumcision or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision. And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith, which he had yet, being uncircumcised, that he might be the father of all them that believe. though they be not circumcised, that righteousness might be imputed unto them also. That and the father of circumcision to them who are not of the uh circumcision only uh but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham which he had being yet uncircumcised. Amen. You can have your seats. Amen. And um so um I want to uh maybe if I were to use a title would be nursing off the promises by faith. And um of course we don't know too much about Abraham uh uh before God uh came in to his life came into the picture. I I I'm sure that you could read history and it could kind of give you an idea historical uh point of view of of the land and the the uh uh u ancestry or whatever that Abraham came out of. But uh we we know that he was living in the land of we know that he was an idoltor. He was basically a heathen and uh pagan and and he was just an ordinary man. A man with no talents. A man that you know um um you know probably didn't have much fame. I don't know but u uh anyways uh but uh so so we don't know much about him you know other than that uh but you know uh what a man does in his past really doesn't matter uh too much uh before God gets a hold of him you know uh you know that's neither here or there and apparently God didn't see it just really important for us to know all about Abraham. Uh because when a God gets a hold of a man, he he erases his past anyways. And and so uh and his new life begins. And so um of course, God is the only one that can change a person and make him new and uh start him on a new path. And and so we we must never consider a man to be beyond hope or beyond help. Um because we know that God can save the vilest sinner. Um uh change their life um to where their past is just seems to be maybe uh what you'd call a nightmare that they had or or whatever. But it was God who came to Abraham. And it wasn't Abraham that came to God. Abraham wasn't seeking God. Abraham wasn't desiring God. Abraham wasn't, you know, uh um uh praying to God and asking for his help or anything like that. And and and you know, that's always the case. Amen. That we we didn't seek God. Amen. But God sought us. God God wasn't the one that was lost. We were the one that was lost. And so, uh, uh, John 15:16, Jesus said, "You've not chosen me, but I have chosen you." Before we even knew, before we were even aware, we had already been chosen. And he says, "I've chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain and that whatever you shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you." And of course, Paul would say in Ephesians 1 that uh uh for according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy without blame before him in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So, so the choosing was sovereignly done by God. uh nobody to force him to do these things and and all these things. So we are Christians simply because God took action first. Amen. We we did not uh bargain with God. We didn't deserve God. Abraham didn't deserve God. Uh and and all these things. It was God came to him, called him out, and then gave him a promise. Amen. God called Abraham. Amen. Called him out, elected him, and then gives him a promise. And And so there was nothing that Abraham could do. Uh it was just done. It was just that way. But God's word is a promise. You believe that? God's word is is is a promise simply because God cannot lie. Whatever God says, he's going to make come to pass. That's that's just the way it is. It's impossible for God to lie. So, he has to bring his word to pass. Therefore, we can rest in God's word. And I I think that's what God wants us to do is just rest in in his his word. Amen. And and not try to understand him per se, but just just rest in it. And and so, you know, people may think that God can do anything he wants to and and you know, uh uh think, man, if I was God, I would just do all kinds of things and but but God cannot do anything he wants to because he's obligated to his word. Amen. And his word, amen, is only an expression of his thoughts. So, so he just can't do anything that he wants to do. uh he cannot act contrary to his word. He cannot talk contrary to his word. He cannot uh speak anything contrary any language any word any action contrary to what he has already spoken. Uh he cannot do that. And and and now that's that makes us secure. If we could really understand that. Abraham began to understand just how secure he was when he began to realize how faithful God really is. See, God's faithful to his word. God cannot lie. God cannot make mistakes. God cannot uh uh retract his his word. He cannot he cannot go contrary. So if his word says he loves you, then he cannot hate you. Amen. and and and to think all of this was settled before you ever was born. Ain't a ain't that right? So So if he showed his love to you once, then he cannot retract that in in any way because God is is faithful to his promise. So if if his word says that he came to save you, then you can know beyond a shadow of a doubt that that he never can come, never will come to destroy you. Amen. He's He came to save you and and that's his intent. Can you say amen? He He cannot speak good of you uh uh today and then a month later in your failures and in your weaknesses or in your in your uh uh when you're just all down and and got the blues or whatever and and he cannot turn around and speak evil of you. See, so if he spoke good of you, Amen. then then that will always remain no matter what. And and so uh uh God cannot work against himself. And as we know, he is the word. Ain't that right? The word is God. The word was God. The word is God. See? And so, Brother Brandham says when you're really saved, God don't save you here and know he's going to lose you there. If he did, he's not the infinite God. He's defeating his own purpose. He can't do that. If you're saved, you're saved. If you're not, you're not. Can you say amen? So, so there is no such thing as straddling on the fence. And God, help us to to really get get confident in in in the work that God has done and and confident in his promises. Amen. You see, God's word is an expression of his attitude. It's it's an expression of his love. It's an expression of his his devotion. Uh uh uh expression of his will. And so when God gave the promise to Abraham, it wasn't just throwing it out there to entice him. God God was expressing his desire toward Abraham by giving him the promise. God was expressing his attitude and his will to Abraham uh uh in that uh he was going to bless him. If he didn't intend to bless him, he would have never gave him the promise that he would bless him. If he didn't really intend to give him the son, then he wouldn't have promised to give him the son. Amen. So, so when God promises something, you can you can see God's intent in his promises. You you can see God's attitude and motive and objective and his will in his promises. Ain't that right? See, so God God wouldn't have called Abraham and elected him if he wasn't interested in him. See, God doesn't do things grudgingly. We We may do things grudgingly, but God will never give a promise grudgingly. He He would never save you grudgingly. He never he never heals anyone grudgingly. You know, uh he didn't just grudgingly send his son to die for us. I I believe that when when he uh uh uh had had the lamb slain before the foundation of the world, there must have been an eagerness in his heart, amen, to know that when all this plan of redemption is done, he's actually going to have redeemed subjects, amen, and be able to walk with him and talk with him and they're going to trust him and and believe him and and they're going to accept what he says. And it must have been an eagerness uh to God. Amen. instead of, "Oh, I guess I'll do it," you know. No, no. It It was It was an eagerness. Amen. So, he didn't grudgingly promise to heal our body or to save our soul. Everything that God has done for you, he does it with eagerness. Ain't that right? And and not only that, the prophet said he wants to fuel you with the Holy Ghost more than you want it. He wants to heal you more than you want it. He wants to everything that you desire of God, he wants it a thousand times more than what you would want. Amen. See, and so if if he didn't want that, then he wouldn't have he wouldn't have given the promises. He he wouldn't have ordained these things. But see, God obligated himself to Abraham uh uh when he gave the promise to Abraham. Amen. God knowing that that uh uh uh Abraham couldn't do it uh uh and and and so he he he uh um uh obligated himself and and we know why God would do that. It was simply an act of grace. It was the desire of God. It was the longing of God. It it was all on God's part. Abraham was just the recipient of it. Amen. the recip. Aren't you glad that you're just the recipient of God's blessings? You don't deserve it. You there there's nothing that you deserve of this. You couldn't sit down at the bargaining table with God, but God so loved you that he secured your end. And and and that to me that he he obligated himself to us when he gave us the promise. Can you say amen? So the promise as we know it's an act of grace and it was given to Abraham unconditionally and and this word unconditional it means not conditional not determined by someone or something else and not restricted by reservation. So in other words Abraham if you'll do this then I'm going to do this and and it all depends how you handle this and all depends on what you do and then if you'll do this right then I will come and do this. No, no, it it wasn't at all that at all. And and so, Brother Brham says God didn't say to Abraham, "Well, if you'll do this and if you'll do that." He just said, "Abraham, I've already done it. It ain't nothing you've got to do. I've done it myself." See, so God's already taken care of it. Amen. That's why he could die. Amen. For us and and and and say, "It is finished way before we got here." Because the covenant isn't based upon what I do, what you do, what you don't do. It's just simply based on what he's promised and what he has accomplished in himself. Ain't that right? God knew that he had the ability, amen, to save you. He knew he had the ability to keep you. He knew that he had the ability to to to to make that promise live. Amen. For Abraham, he knew that. He knew all about Abraham. He knew he was a shyer. He knew that there was uh something within him that would maybe when he get in trouble, he would lie. Amen. These things wasn't a surprise to God. Satan, I mean, God already knew these things. And and we see that it come out when Abraham got in trouble. Amen. It looked like he was going to be uh killed. Amen. He lied. Amen. He backslid. And he he he he was something else. Ain't that right? See, and he gave up his own life. Amen. for his own life, you know, and and and uh all these things. And yet God knew that, but yet God gave the promise to him anyways. Now, you think of that. See, and so uh uh but God wanted Abraham to understand, Abraham, you're secure because I'm doing it, not you. Can you say amen? So, see, God knows uh uh that that man will break his promise. Amen. So Abraham had nothing uh not one thing to do with the promise, amen, that God had given him. Amen. And and so the prophet said, "See, so to give the assurance that the promise would not fail. You may fail." Abraham failed, but to make sure to give that assurance that the promise would not fail, God made the covenant with himself. Ain't that right? And we all know that that covenant and how that God put Abraham to sleep and to let him know you ain't got nothing to do with it. You're out of this thing. I'm going to make that covenant. Amen. Amen. That's right. You can't be there to tell me how it's done. You can't be there to tell me whatever. Amen. I'm doing it on my own. Ain't that right? So, the promise was sovereignly given to Abraham without him having to do one thing. Amen. And because we are the children of Abraham, well then we have been given that same promise. Amen. And it has been given to us the same way. Unconditional. Amen. I'm so glad for that that it's unconditional. Our sa salvation, it began with God. It will end with God. Everything about us, Amen. that started from God, it will end with God. Amen. It's not that God begins it and then we finish it. You can't finish it. There's not one thing that you could do to finish the promise. God will finish it in you. Ain't that right? Amen. Even Philippians uh uh 16, Paul would say, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which began hath began a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." Ain't that right? Now you know people uh take this and I know this is simple but they they they seem to take this that that we can do anything that we want. It gives us the license and all that being that the covenant is unconditional and and you know I I say this we've said it before Christians always do what they want just as much as the sinner does what they want to do. Sinners always do what they want to do. Christians always do what they want to do. Amen. and and but define the Christian. A Christian is one that's got been saved and got the Holy Ghost and and and got the life of Christ living within them. Ain't that right? But we don't serve God by going by being afraid of going to hell. And and we do not serve God. Wouldn't God if you're if you're serving God that way, then then you you've you're not you're not seeing God. You're in the way that you should see him. Amen. You're serving him actually the wrong way. and it ain't going to help you in the end. See, you you you got to have confidence in God. Amen. So, you can't serve God, Amen, by being afraid of him sending you to hell at at the at the end of the road. And and God doesn't want us being afraid of him. God doesn't want us serving this in this Christian life, being filled with dread, being scared to death, and wondering if and and uh we're going to make it and all these things. It's just like uh you know uh us guys don't live true to our wives uh because we're afraid that they're going to they divorce us. You know I'm not afraid of my wife divorcing me. See? Amen. But believers, you know, uh don't serve God by being afraid of him and afraid of what he will do. So So we're free. Everybody say we're free. We're free to do whatever we want to do. Amen. And and that's that's the that's the beauty. Christians. Now, Christians have no desire to dress like the world. How many believes that? Amen. Christians just don't have that desire. They have no desire to act like the world. They they have no desire to to conform themselves uh uh to the world. They they have no desire. Amen. Uh uh to to to get involved in in the things of the pleasures of life. And like like Paul would say, "Lay aside every weight and sin that so easily beset you." Well, will Christians listen to that and say, "Yes, that's me. That's what I want to do." They have no desire for the television. They have no desire to get wrapped up in worldly uh uh movies and and uh uh the rock and roll and and and you you know all these things. See, amen. Uh first Peter 2:11 says, "Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lust, which war against the soul." Ain't that right? 1 Thessalonians 4:3, for this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should abstain from fornication, uh uh that every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor. First Thessalonians 5:22, abstain from all appearance of evil. Ain't that right? See, well, these scriptures, believe it or not, are not written for the unbelievers. They're actually written for the believer. See? Amen. They they weren't they weren't written to put people under law, you know, to where it makes church people, oh, I just so hard. It's just so hard living a Christian life. Well, why is it hard? Well, uh because I'd like to do those things, but I I just don't know. Well, see th that if if we look at these as written to put us under a law, then then you you you're not you're not right yet. You're you're not there. Amen. where you need to be. Ain't that right? Amen. See, if you try to make a sinner to live these these scriptures, he's going to be condemned all the time. It It's going to be like putting him uh the lion in the zoo and and and putting all these kinds of bars around him. Well, no matter what you do, he's still a lion. He's still got that nature within him. He's still a beast. Ain't that right? So, so why would why would God put scriptures in there? Amen. uh for the sinner if if he knows that that sinner's a wild by nature, his his nature's immunity against God cannot come subject to the law of God and and all of these things. Well, it it wasn't written for the sinner. Yeah, the sinner is going to be judged by these things as as we know. Amen. But but God doesn't write scriptures for Christians to be miserable and sinners to come to the church and be miserable, too. Amen. I I just don't believe that. But these scriptures were written to teach the believer what to do and what not to do because believers want to know how to please God. How many wants to please God? Amen. Well, could you imagine if if we know that God doesn't like sinful things and unholy things and he doesn't like movies that where women and men are kissing and they're not even married and and and yet we didn't know them things. See, and and and women undressing and they're using the Lord's name in vain and and mockering God and Christianity and all these things and we're sitting there just laughing at it and enjoying it and all these things and we don't know how to please God. See? Amen. But then we find, amen, that God would put scriptures and says, "Now, this is the way to please me. This is the way I want you to walk. This is the way." But there's something in here that says, "God, I want to walk like that. God, I want to be pure like that. God, I I want to be holy. Whatever pleases you, I it pleases me. Ain't that right? It's just we want to please our wives and they want to please us and it because it's a love relationship. So God never put scriptures in there for us to be so beat down and and even for the the preacher to beat people up over either you want to do it or you don't want to do it. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and and so but the word is an excitement to us. Amen. See, so the Christian see has has has had a nature change. A Christian lady doesn't want to wear wear pants. A Christian lady doesn't want to doesn't want to wear the makeup. Once they know that God doesn't like them things, they don't want to do that. Ain't that right? Now, we've all been there. We've all done things that wasn't godly. And and and maybe we just didn't know. Amen. Uh uh we didn't know until a preacher come along and started using these uh the scriptures and it it's just like you know in Pentecost we didn't have a lot of things uh uh we didn't know that that sex glands was in the lips and we didn't know uh uh uh you know u a lot of things that brother Brandham taught we just didn't know those things but then when we come into the message of the hour it was like an eye openener oh wow amen you know uh uh then we started pattern our lives after what we've been hearing because we realize it's God's word. It wasn't condemnation. It wasn't something, oh, I just don't think I'm going to teach my kids that and I just don't think I'm going to do that. Bless God. I dare him to say something about me. You know, it's not that at all. We want to please God because there's been a nature change. Can you say amen? Amen. A a Christian woman doesn't want to dress in modest and she has no desire to dress in a way where men that would cause men to lust after her. A Christian man has no desire to to to be in the company of immodest women and uh uh uh to to where and I know you got to work and all these things. Amen. But but there there's you you wouldn't want to be in a in a room with a woman. Well, period. you wouldn't want to be, but you wouldn't want to put yourself in a situation where there's an immodest woman there and and and these things there. There's just something about it that that you say, "No, I I don't want to go that way. I ain't going to go to the beach." Amen. Where all these half- naked women are out there. You understand what I'm saying? Amen. We'll go sometime when they ain't there. You know what I mean? Amen. But see, because we want to live godly. Amen. We we we want to live pure. We we want to keep all that temptations down as best we can. You understand what I'm saying? See, and and so uh uh because the desire ain't there. It ain't because the preacher is is is we're afraid to get to church and preacher find out we've done something and he going to blast us and all these things. Well, if that's the relationship, I don't want to serve God. I don't want to serve your God and and and all these things. That's not the way we do things. That's not the way God wants it. Yes, we have to be corrected. Yes. But there's something down inside that says, "Yes, Lord. That's what I want to be." Can you say amen? See, so we find that we have no desire, amen, to to do those things. We have one desire, and that's to please God. And every true Christian has the desire to be transformed. How many wants to be transformed? Amen. We hear the we we read the scripture. Amen. Be not conformed to this world. Well, that's not putting anyone under law. There's going to be people that don't want to listen to it. And God says, "Okay, well, go ahead. Do you what you want to do, that's just fine. But there's people that says, "God, if you don't want me to be conformed to the world, then help me watch out what I'm looking at, what I'm listening to, what I'm hanging around, what I'm enjoying, what I'm fellowshipping with. Help me. I don't want to take on habits that is displeasing to you." Amen. But that's the desire uh uh in the Christian. We want to be transformed. Ain't that right? Now, you know, there are no doubt there are many people who want to please God, but Satan has taken advantage of it. Amen. He's convinced women to become nuns. And and he's convinced many people to join a church. He's convinced many to become priests. He he's and and he's convinced men to become monks. And he's convinced uh uh uh you know, men and women to be become legalists. He's he's convinced preachers. He's made legalist out of preachers and and all of these things. And what he has done, he's made it all about sacrifice. He's made it all about penitence. He's made it all about rules of dos and don'ts and and all these things. and and and his agenda has been is to take the people's faith off of God's promise and unconditional promise and put it on theirelves on what they do what they don't do just even church joining. Do you realize people think they're Christians by joining a church? People think they're Christians by just shaking a preacher's hand. Amen. Satan's got and they're good people that Satan's got them so twisted up to where they they they don't recognize that God's covenant is unconditional. Amen. See, and they forget about the grace of God. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandon talks about he says in the world today where all this isms rises up watch when all the cults of non-meat eating and illegalists that I've got to do so and so and if I don't speak with tongues if I don't do this if I don't shout if I don't dance there's something wrong with me. Well that's legalism. We are saved by grace through faith. Nothing what you've done. It's what he did. He did what you couldn't do. If he could have save if you could have saved yourself then he wouldn't have had to die. But he died in order to save you where you could not save yourself. Ain't that right? So there's so much legalism in the in the world today. Touch not and taste not and and all these things, but you don't do things legally. Brother Brandham says, "I didn't come to this church tonight legally. I feel tired. I've been nervous. I'm upset. I'm I'm wondering about something that's out before me. My heart's burning even as such as as much till my heart's fluttering. I got a cramp pain right at this moment. Uh minute just shooting back and forth up and down through here. Weak, nervous, trembly. Catch hold here and squeeze. See, got my toes squeezed up in my shoes. I felt anything but come down here. But why did I come then? Because I love God. Can you say amen? Amen. Because I love God. Live or die, I must stand here for him. It's not because I have to. He wouldn't care about whether I did or not. If I die, I'd go to heaven anyhow. But I'm coming because I love him. You serve God because you love him, not because you just got to do it. Can you say amen? See, so we find that that that get away from all this. I've got to I've got to and just fall in love with God. Just fall in love with him. And and it it just it it takes all the pressure. It takes all the worry. It takes all the condemnation. It just takes it all away. Amen. We don't That's why we don't come to church and sleep. Amen. Because there's something in us that we love God and we hang on to every word. Amen. That God has to say. Amen. And we know that it's a promise to me. It's a it's a reality. If I can just get it, if I can just believe it, if I could just accept it. Can you say amen? Amen. See, but but it's it all stems by love. Amen. Now within Christianom there's two factions and that's Armenianism which is legalist and and Calvinist uh which leans toward grace. Now I will say brother Brandham said I lean more to Calvinist than I do the Armenianism. Amen. But they both run out on a limb in what they believe. Now brother Brown said there is no scratch of legalism in the Bible. Can you say amen? There's no scratch of legalism in the Bible. Amen. Abraham did not live under legalism. Ain't that right? Amen. See, so the promise that God gave him had nothing to do with the law. It had nothing to do and notice uh uh uh here Romans 4:13. For the promise that he should be heir be the heir of the world was not to Abraham or to a seed through the law, but through the righteousness of faith. For if they which are of the law be heirs, then faith is made void and the promise is made of no effect. Ain't that right? So if we can become heirs of the promise through what we do and what we don't do and all these then faith faith doesn't matter to us. Can you say amen? Amen. Our show of faith, our works of faith and all it doesn't matter to us. See, it would all be void and and we would just do everything under a law. Uh uh a a have to and and and these things. See, uh Galatians 3:17. And this I say that the covenant that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law which was 430 years after cannot disenol, that it should make the promise of no effect. For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more a promise, but God gave it to Abraham by promise. Can you say amen? Gave it to Abraham by promise. So then you'll never be able to inherit the promise by the law. Amen. You you'll never be able to do it. Amen. Through through what you do and what you don't do and and all of these things. Uh keeping the law never gives us Amen. the the the the promises. Amen. Well, that legalistic age didn't start until after God brought Israel out of Egypt. And then Israel wanted a law. They wanted something that they could do for themselves. They wanted to be able to measure up to God and and and and show God that they've got some power in this. They've got something to do with it and all these things. But see, when God gave the the the promise, the covenant to Abraham, he didn't raise up a law. It was a magnifying of his grace. of the grace of God, not not of law. Amen. See, so then that legalistic dispensation lasted until the real royal seed of Abraham came. Amen. The prophet said then he took all the legalism on himself and paid the price of redemption and brought the church, God's church, back in grace again. Aren't you glad you're under grace? Amen. See? And so then then the true seed of Abraham is not under law. Amen. But it's under grace the way their father Abraham was. Under grace. Amen. Nothing that we have to do. We have nothing to do with it. It's just God gave the promise. And that promise is so sure because he swore by himself. He made the covenant with himself and not with us. Praise the Lord. So the prophet said Christ taken the law upon himself and the law nailed him to the cross of what we must do and must not do and must do and must not do. You know the thing of it is today is when a sinner comes to the Lord we don't treat them like Paul did when the Philippian jailer said what must I do to be saved. He said now what we would say today he said see you got to quit smoking. You got to quit drinking. You got to quit doing this. Well that wasn't what he asked. He asked, "What must I do to be saved?" Notice, and Paul said, "Just believe on the Lord Jesus Christ." And the prophet says, "If you can believe for yourself, you can believe for your house also." Can you say, "Amen." Well, see, that's the kind of faith that the the seed of Abraham needs. Amen. That's the one Abraham had was just a faith just to believe God. Amen. It ain't all about the dos and don'ts and all of these things. Amen. It's just simply believing. And if you can believe for yourself, you can believe for your household. Amen. See, if you can believe for yourself, you can believe for your house also. Have enough faith in God. Everybody say, "Have enough faith in God to believe for yourself." Amen. Then believe for your children also. That same faith will save your children that saved you. How many believes you're saved? How many believes you're saved, church? Amen. Why are you saved? Because God made a promise. You may not feel saved, but you are saved by faith. You believe you're saved. Amen. You may not see that you're saved. You may not everything just around you going crazy, but you know you're saved because God made an unconditional covenant. He didn't base it upon what I felt. He didn't base it whether I'm on the mountain top or in the valley. I'm saved because he made a covenant with me. And if I can believe that for myself, I can believe it for my weward children. No matter how lost they are, Can you say amen? That same faith will save your children that saved you if you just keep praying. God will answer prayer. Don't worry. I'll say that again. God will answer prayer. Don't worry. Just ask him and believe it and get it anchored in your heart and just keep moving on. Can you say amen? God help us just to keep moving on. Don't build a mailbox around your problem. Keep moving on. You prayed about it. You believed God to do it. Now just keep moving on. He said that's the way it's done. You see, there's a power laying in the church and it's in the seed of Abraham. That power, the prophet said, is controlled by law. But that law isn't a isn't a bunch of keeping a bunch of commandments. It's not about keeping uh rules of dos and don'ts. That law is a law of faith. Can you say amen? Amen. I I I know I I don't I feel people sorry for people that get so twisted up and they move from faith. Amen. And they get into works, get in their own works. But one of these days, see people get mixed up into them works and then they quit relying upon God and they rely upon themselves. And then when you make your mistakes, then the condemnation comes and you can't believe anymore because you've looked at yourself and you see in yourself in a mirror of what a failure you are, what a wretched, undeserving you are. But if you could get your eyes back upon the covenant of Christ, that covenant still remains. Do you believe it? Amen. So it's by the law of faith, not by the law of works of legalist. By that law we can speak a world into existence and go out and live on it. Prophet said Jesus said all things are possible to them that believe. How many believes that not all things are possible to them that join the church or or that that that you know that that shines their shoes every day. Man uh that that never that never makes a mistake that all things are possible to them that believe. And if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. I say, God, lead my soul to believe every bit of this Bible. Lead my soul to believe it for me and for my house. Can you say amen? Believe it for the church. Believe it. Believe it for others. Whatever God leads your soul to believe, that's what you can have. Don't limit God. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. See, every place the souls of your feet can set upon by faith. By faith. Every time you're reading these promises in this Bible, Amen. you set your foot upon that by faith. In other words, you claim it. If God says by his stripes you were healed, I claim that. I'll put my foot on that by faith. That's my promise. Amen. See, he said, "Then God gives it to you. Every place the souls of your feet can set upon by faith, God gives it to you. It's yours. You possess it. If you can find the key to this law of faith, that opens it to you. Ain't that right?" Amen. And and listen, church, we've said it before. You can pray, you can beg, you can plead, but if it ain't a prayer of faith, if there ain't a faith there to claim that word, to claim them promises, it ain't going to do you any good. I you can cry, you can beg, you can plead, you can you you can blow your nose 20 times a day. You can you you you can you can you know whatever you you can do whatever. Amen. But without faith, you ain't going to get nowhere. Faith is what unlocks the door to these promises. Ain't that right? And that's what God was trying to get Abraham to do. Abraham, I just want you to believe me. I want you to trust me. I want you to know that I'm the God, amen, that can make this this promise live. I'm the God, amen, that can give you every answer. I'm the one that came to you. You didn't come to me. I'm trying to show you my desire. I'm trying to show you that I love you. I'm trying to show you that I've got an inheritance for you. And I give this promise to you. Don't look to yourself, Abraham. Look to me. Hallelujah. Ain't that right? See, so he said, see the power. He said, if you're a son of God, you're a daughter of God that never leaves you. that power. It's with you all the time, but your faith gets away from it, but it's still there. Ain't that right? So, notice faith cometh by hearing the word of God or hearing the promises of God. And and I've said it before, that's why we wave the promises over the people. We wave the promises over I You don't need to know what I think. You need to know what God thinks. Waving them promises over you. Can you say amen? Amen. Say, "Faith cometh by hearing the word of God." Now, men take this Bible and and and preach from a legalistic standpoint. I've been in it. I've seen people like it. I know it. And and and every time legalism is preached, faith is void among the people. People got so lack of faith. Amen. Because they're looking to a preacher. They're looking at what he thinks and what he wants and what he expects. And and the word becomes interpreted through the preacher. Amen. Of for everybody's lives. Amen. instead of for them just taking the promise. Amen. And saying, "God, I just claim it." Can you say, "Amen." That's right. See, and and and and I tell you this, we're not preaching. We don't preach to perfect people. Amen. This preacher knows that. Amen. And you know this preacher ain't perfect. That I'm not requiring you to be perfect. You're not requiring me to be perfect. We're just looking at the promises of God, knowing that God will make this word perfect in us. God's going to fulfill the word. Ain't that right? Amen. See, so so then we find out, Amen. We can disappoint one another many times. Amen. And we can look at in and each other and say, "My goodness, what in the world is wrong with them people?" You know, and and you can look and say, "Well, what's wrong with that preacher?" And and all of these things or what's wrong with my husband? What's wrong with my children? But don't you look at all of that. Look to the promise of God. Amen. The promise of God. God has showed that he is able to take a man, amen, and bring him out from the depths of the ocean, amen, and spare his life. God has shown that he can take a man that's been dead four days and bring him back to life. God has shown that he can deliver such a man, amen, that had 2,000 demons in him and the world didn't know what to do with him. Society had kicked him out, but God's power showed up because he was a predestinated son of God. Even the woman at the well, that was an outcast. That was a scarred life. But when she met the redeemer, he had the power to deliver her. Amen. And that's what we're looking to. I don't have the power to help you. You ain't got the power to help me. But God has the power. And he made the promise. He made the promise. That's right. Aren't you glad he made the promise? If we keep the promise before us. Amen. See, so faith faith doesn't come by the law of commandments. It comes by the word of promise. Amen. And Paul called it the word of faith which we preach. And that same word of faith is in thy mouth and in thine heart. Ain't that right? So God come to Abraham, gives him this unconditional covenant and it inspired faith in Abraham. Oh my. It had become personally revealed to Abraham. Oh, amen. That God was God. That God was faithful. Can you say amen? Amen. The Bible says he believed God and it was counted unto him for righteousness. See, so see the seed of Abraham is just like their father Abraham. They just simply believe. They just simply believe. They're not looking to the flesh. They simply believe. Ain't that right? Are we Are we Well, are we in are do we have uh uh you know, do we believe in holiness? Uh of course we believe in holiness. Well, why would we believe in holiness? You trying to you trying to gain something with God? No. No, not at all. Amen. I'm just simply following what he said. I believe his promise. That that means that's keeping me out of hell. Can you say amen? that's keeping me out of the Satan's grips. Ain't that right? Amen. I've got a Holy Spirit living in me. God's holy. Amen. And that same holy God is now living in me. He directs my thoughts. He directs my my actions. He directs everything. Amen. There's just something about it. Ain't that right? Now, legalist takes it takes it and then and then they take it to the extreme and then they put the people in bondage again. Ain't that right? But see, all you do is just believe the promise. God, he said he'll take care of us. That's right. Just believe the promise. I hope that's all right. There are two different kinds of seed that Abraham had and that was the natural and spiritual. Natural seed was Israel of a natural bloodline. But the seed of Abraham, the the true seed of Abraham is the spiritual seed. Romans 2:28 says, "For he is not a Jew which is one outwardly, neither is that circumcision which is outward in the flesh." God required the Jew to have a natural circumcision of the flesh. And and every every male child had to have circumcision. And circumcision was a type of the Holy Ghost. Ain't that right? But Paul is now telling us that just because they had a natural circumcision had nothing to do with being heir to promise. It being being the seed according to the flesh had nothing to do with being heir to the promise. Because look look at the natural seed when it came to the full word made manifest. The natural seed failed and they crucified their inheritance. They crucified Amen. They've done exactly what Esau done. Despise the inheritance. Can you say amen? But he is a Jew which is one inwardly and the circumcision is that of the heart. Amen. In the spirit, not in the letter, whose praise is not of men, but of God. So only God can do this circumcision. Ain't that right? And what does he do? He cuts off the surplus of the world. out of our hearts. He takes that little desire that we used to have that crave for things. He takes that out and and I believe I believe and and as we grow, you know, as we grow and he's still doing operation on us, cutting things out. Can you say amen? Amen. That's right. See, but but we find so so the circumcision of the natural seed was of the flesh, which was nothing. The prophet said it had nothing to do with the promise being given to Abraham. So, so in other words, God didn't require Abraham to be circumcised and say, "I give you the promise now." No. The promise was before circumcision. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ain't that right? It isn't because you have the Holy Ghost. Amen. That God gave you the promise. Amen. It had nothing to do with that. God gave you the promise way before then. Lord, it's by grace. Amen. Now, I'm I'm not going to take much longer, but Romans 4:15, the law workketh wrath. For where no law is, there is no transgression. Therefore, it is of faith. Everybody say, it is of faith. That it might be by grace. So, grace of God provides the faith of God. to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed, not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham who is the father of us all. As it is written, I've made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God who quickenth to death, and calleth those things which be not as though they were. Now, Abraham could already call those things that were not as though they were because it didn't depend on him. It depended upon God. And he he understood that God was faithful, that God would honor his word, his own word. He understood just how sure this word was. Therefore, he didn't worry about his condition. Didn't worry about Sarah. Didn't worry about nothing. He just said, "We're going to have him. We're going to have our child. We we we're going to have the seed. We You understand what I'm saying?" He called those things that are not as though they were because the covenant was unconditional. That's what makes us call those things that are not as though they were because we realize my healing is unconditional. My my salvation is unconditional. Everything about me and God is unconditional. Therefore, I can call my healing before it ever happens. I can I can call my body changed before it ever happens. I I can call my children in being saved before it ever happens. I I can see I can call my spouse Amen. in and serving God before it ever happens because I'm not looking at him or her. I'm not looking at me. It's beyond me. Amen. When my back is against the wall, it does not change what my confession is. I'm still calling those things that are not as though they were because the promise is unconditional. That's right. And he based it upon himself, not upon me. Amen. Can you say amen? That's right. So he's now 19th verse and being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead. Didn't even consider it. When he was about 100 years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. Didn't consider that. He staggered not. Everybody say, "Stagger not." Stagger not at the promise of God through unbelief. Ain't that amazing? Amen. Now, we know we know otherwise that he did he did go into Hagar, right? We know otherwise that he did lie. We know otherwise he did do some things. But when it come through the blood, he didn't do none of it. That's right. He staggered not at the promise of God. Can you say amen? That's right. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith. giving God glory to God and being fully persuaded that what he had promised he was able also to perform and therefore it was imputed unto him for righteousness. Aren't you glad for that? Now let me ask you, how did Abraham keep his faith strong? 25 years he waited and everything was against him. He was getting older. Sarah was getting more older. Everything was looking more impossible as the day goes. But he was strong in faith, fully persuaded. How did he get there? How did it happen? Well, you see, he nursed off the promises of God. And what I think, you know, I was telling my son, uh, Seth, he he's he had gotten a he's got a bad report on his eyes and it's not looking good. And uh but I told him, you know, I was just telling the family, I guess, isn't it isn't it wonderful though that we have the same opportunity that Abraham had the Lord that we don't have to despair. We've got promises to nurse from. That's right. We don't have to look at the situation. And I told him, I don't believe the doctor's report. I've got another report. I'm leaving what God says about it. I'm leaving for a miracle. But see, we can we we we don't have to fall apart when the doctor says this and gives all the negative and and it looks impossible. It looks like you'll go blind and and you know, of course, that's got to be a worry. a dad of three three youngans and a mother, his wife, you know, and what do you do for a living and all these things get to a point that he can't even drive in daytime and and it just looks like he it it's just hopeless. You know, he's got all of his bills and all these things and and and if you look at all that, you'd fall apart. But there's a promise and we are the children of Abraham. And God is giving us the same opportunity that he gave Abraham, and that is nurse off the promise. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. God knew it was going to happen way before he was born. But he left a promise just as much as God knew about Abraham and Sarah, but he gave a promise. Now all they had to do was just nurse. And all we have to do is nurse off of God's promises. Can you say amen? The prophet said, "God appeared to Abraham in the name of God Almighty." in in in the Hebrew it's El Shadi which means properly the breast of a woman and said Abraham I'm appearing to you now as the breasted one. Oh God see I I am the mother. You're old. Your strength is all gone but I'm the breasted God. In other words, your strength is gone, Abraham, but I am the one who can nurse you back to strength again. God Almighty, if he was that to Abraham, he's got to be it to Abraham's seed for the same promises. No matter how sick you are, how far you've gone, you're gone. Lay a hold on God's eternal promises and nurse your life back again. How far you are in sin, how black you are, you may be a prostitute from the street, but that same promise is to you if you'll dare to take a hold of God. Can you say amen? Amen. That's exactly right. Amen. another place he said God said Abraham though you're old and your strength is gone and Sarah's womb is dead and the milk veins are no more but I am the breasted God just lean over on my bosom and nurse from my promises and I'll give you your strength he's still El Shadi the breasted God though the doctor says the cancer's going to kill you he's the breasted God lean on his bosom he's got two the new and old testament see just lean on every promise promise that he made and nurse your strength back again out of God's eternal promises. He's just the same today as he was when he made the promise to Abraham. He's the breasted God. Ain't that right? You see, God's strength is his word. So, when you're believing God's word and you're laying claim to God's word above everything else and you're putting God's word as the preeminence, you're you're you're you're nursing from that word. Amen. That's his breast, the the new and old testament. Ain't that right? Amen. And and as you're believing that word, you're you're nursing from that word. There's strength in that word. And that strength is coming from the word into you. Amen. You don't have to say, "Well, I wonder when it's going to happen." You don't have to worry. You just know it's going to happen. Well, it may take a hundred years. Oh, I just don't know. I may be dead and gone. It doesn't matter. God's able to raise you back up again. Did he not do it? Has he not done it? Yes, sir. See? So, see, when you're nursing on God's promise, then you're nursing his strength into you. That's better than any medicine you can take. Amen. And brother Bram says, "What is this? How you nursing it?" You're not taking your own thoughts about it. Right. Hello. Amen. You're just believing. That's right. So, you're not putting a time limit. You're just believing. Yes. You're not saying, "Well, it's going to happen, you know, well, it better happen or I'm just going to whatever." No, you just believe it. See, and notice, a real child of Abraham, a born again of the spirit is satisfied. Yeah. Just like a mother when when it's nursing from its mother, it it's satisfied. It's not just drawn strength, but it's pacified. It's satisfied. Hallelujah. And brother Brown said, "That's a true believer with the Holy Ghost." When he's nursing off the promise, he's satisfied. He's satisfied that God is going to keep his word while he's waiting on his strength. Amen. He doesn't fret. He just lays there and nurses his little way right back to strength again. Amen. So if you're weak and you can't give up this and give up that, just take God's promise and lean and nurse. If you're sick, just take his promise and nurse from it and be satisfied that God said so. How many satisfied that God said so? Not ftting about it, not worrying about it. God knows exactly what he's doing. If the musicians will come satisfied, I'm satisfied that God said so. Amen. The world can't give me this satisfaction. Cuz they can't guarantee me nothing, but oh, God's guaranteed it to me cuz he swore by himself. I have nothing to do with it at all. You have nothing to do with it. Just nurse and be satisfied. Amen. And draw strength from it. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. I love the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What song? Oh, he's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that reassurance way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all. Oh, do you believe it now? Sing it. He's got it all. [Music] Glory to God. Glory to God. He's got it all. [Music] Oh yes, he put that reassurance way down in my soul. Oh, [Music] he's got it all. I put my life in his hands. [Music] I put my life I gladly put my life. I don't begrudgingly do it. I gladly put it in his hands. Hallelujah. His hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life. My father knows. My father knows. Hallelujah. Yes, he does. My father knows just what I need. [Music] Glory to God. My father knows what I need. [Music] He's got it all. in control. Praise the Lord. He's got it all in control. Put that reassurance [Music] way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. Oh, they just play softly. Daniel, you want to come and sing that? I can't remember the song, but it's the one I showed you from Brother Doug Bakers. Uh, do you know the title of that? Ain't nothing. He put that reassur in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry. Hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And old Pharaoh looked like he had the victory, but the waters rolled on back with the breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now, oh Joshua took a walk around Jericho and you told him, Lord, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, and it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now Elijah, all them prophets said he was wrong. send the fire down to their gods. They prayed all day long. Then Elijah prayed and down came the fire. And then they knew that it was nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart into all the pieces I couldn't men with the strongest glue. Oh by Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now this body slowly dying without and within. But I ain't worried though. The skin worms eat my skin. Cuz you'll heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. Sing it one more time. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. And I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Well, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? How great is our God? [Applause] How great is our God? Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great is our God. Sing with me. How do you seem as great above all things? Ruler over all. Hallelujah [Music] is our God. Oh, the splender of the king, clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. [Music] Darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, from age to age he stands. [Music] Time is in his hands. He's the beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. Oh, the Godhead three in one. [Music] Father, spirit, son. He's the lion and the lamb. Lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God, and I will see how great, how great is our God. One more time. How great [Music] is our God. Oh, he's so wonderful. And all will see how great, how great is our God. God bless you is our prayer church. And u may you have a uh good week the remaining of it and um just keep that covenant before you. Amen. Don't keep your trials before you. Amen. But keep your the promise before you at all time. Amen. And I know we got maybe a few that's going to be out of town this weekend. So we want to keep them in our prayer and I thank brother Mark and sister Crystal and brother John, sister Kim. So um keep them in our prayer and um may God bless you. Remember Sunday service at 11 and um Amen. How's got the victory? Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. And um Brother Beiel, do you want to dismiss in prayer? [Music] [Music]
