################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - Brother Josiah McLearn Calling Jesus On The Scene - Josiah McLearn.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-22
Title:    Brother Josiah McLearn "Calling Jesus On The Scene"
Speaker:  Josiah McLearn
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUu6DBNchRM
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Now would you be free from the burden of sin. There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you or a victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. Can we stand? There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now would you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Oh, sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonderworking power. It's in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now, would you do service for Jesus, your king? There's power in the blood. So much power in the blood. Would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Do you believe there's still power in the blood? Amen. Amen. Sorry about the AC. It's a little warm in here, but we'll hopefully get that figured out soon. Amen. Maybe we could ask Brother Bill to dedicate [Music] service. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through. When they came to the waters, they didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. But Lord, you move the waters and they walked right on through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus. Yeah, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you, Lord, to see us through. When our face dried by fire, we still know that it's true. Oh, Satan is a liar. There isn't much he can do. And though he's tried hard to stop us, we know you'll bring us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. You're depending on him tonight. Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you, Lord. Depending on you to see us through. Now when they came to the waters, they didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. But Lord, you move the waters and they walked right on through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus, we're depending on you, oh Jesus. We're depending on you, Lord. Depending on you, too. Can we sing that second verse now? When our faith tried by fire, Lord, we know that it's true. Oh, Satan is a liar. There isn't much that he can do. And though he's tried to stop us, we know you'll bring us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh yes, Jesus. We're depending on you, oh Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you, Lord. Depending on you. Oh, to see as they come for the offering. Oh, yes, Jesus. We're depending on you, oh Jesus. We're depending on you, oh Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you, Lord, to see us through. Amen. Brother Tam. [Music] Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. On you. Depending on you, Lord, to see us through. When our faith tried by fire, Lord, we know that it's true. You see, Satan is a liar. There isn't much that he can do. And oh, he's tried hard to stop us. We know you'll bring us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Sing it to him now. Oh yes, Jesus. We're depending on you, Lord [Music] Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you, Lord, to see us through. [Music] Amen. Are you dependent on him tonight? Amen. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sing it to him. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Sing it again. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place ever. You are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Sing it as a prayer. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Yes, you are Lord. You are awesome in this place. Ab father, you are worthy of all praise. To you lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Can we sing it one more time? Oh yes, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Oh, aba father. You are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, I say they would just play softly. Now, we've got a few uh couple written prayer requests we want to make known. A man uh we want to keep Sister Kim Weeks in our prayers that the Lord would just touch her knees there. Um it I don't know the full details, but something had switched in her knee and her knees are still grinding really bad. So, let's just pray that the uh Lord would just do something for her there. Amen. Sister Kim Brunfield and has a special request on her heart tonight that she wants the church to pray for. So, let's just remember her as well as uh Sister Jane wasn't able to make it tonight. Uh as you may know, she's been fighting kidney stones and u she's been in a lot of pain today. So, let's just keep Sister Jane in our prayers. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Junior if he would come and get ready to pray. Uh we want to keep Josiah in our prayers as he comes and brings forth the word. Amen. We want to keep our pastor and the family there in our prayers as uh they're out of town that the Lord would just be with them. Amen. Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, as we come before you today, Lord, I just pray you come down as a service today, Lord, move in a mighty way, Lord. that the ones that couldn't be here cuz they're sick or not feeling good. Lord, we just ask you give them a special touch. Sister Kim, Lord, may you just touch her knees, Lord, you know the need there. And Sister Jane, may you just give her a touch, Lord. And Lord, we know that you're a present help in a time of need, Lord. And there's there's many people in in your bride that need help, Lord. We just ask you give them a special touch tonight, Lord. Let them feel your presence, Lord. Pray you'd be with the remainder of the service, Lord. May you be with the song leader, Lord, as he's he's worshiping, Lord. May you just your atmosphere just come in this building tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray you'd be with brother Josiah as he brings forth the word, Lord. May we just pull on the gift, Lord. Speak to our hearts today, Lord. Just be with everything is said and done. May it be pleasing to you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You are worthy of all praise. You can be seated. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sister Mindy, do you have a song for us? You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of our praise. Lord to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sing it again. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of all praise. Lord to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. [Music] You all are welcome to join me. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. [Music] How precious did that grace of appear the hour I first believed through many danger and snares. I have already [Music] come. His grace that brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. [Music] When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun. [Music] gave no less days to sing God's praise than when we first beun. [Music] We've known there 10,000 years bright shineing as the sun. [Music] We know this days to sing God's praise than when we first began. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending now. Amazing grace. Can we stand? Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, was blind, but now I see. was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relieved. Oh how prayers give thy grace appear. Oh, the hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. Are you free tonight? My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Sing it again. Chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Amazing grace. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. I'm so thankful for God's grace. Amen. Amen. And as we get uh ready to invite Josiah to come, can we just sing that song? Consume me, Lord. Amen. Is that your prayer tonight? Just say, Lord, consume me tonight. Oh, consume me, Lord, with the fire of your spirit. Consume me, Lord, and make me just like you. Come and break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. And let me be used, Lord, for you. Oh, consume me, Lord, with the fire of your spirit. Consume me, Lord. Oh, and make me just like you. Come and break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, Lord, for you. Sing it as a prayer. Oh, consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord, oh and make me just like you. Come and break me, Lord. Oh, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord for you. Oh [Music] consume. Make me just like you. Come and break me, Lord. Bless the broken pieces of my [Music] life. Let it be used, Lord, for you. Amen. Is that your heart's desire? Amen. Is to be consumed by our Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Musicians can be dismissed. I uh just want to say it's a real honor and a privilege to be here tonight. Uh just like to say I really appreciate our pastor for the opportunity. Amen. And uh just hope we say we can say something tonight that'll be a blessing. Amen. Let's uh turn to the scriptures tonight to uh chap Matthews chapter 14 verse1 14. Amen. Amen. Matthews 14:14 says, "And Jesus went forth and saw a great multitude and was moved with compassion toward them, and he and he healed their sick. And when and when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, this is a desert place, and the time is now passed. send the multitude away that they may go into the villages and buy themselves victuals. But Jesus said unto them, they need not depart. Give ye them to eat. And they said unto him, we we have here but five loaves and and two fishes. He said, Bring them hither hither to me. And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass and took the five loaves and the two fishes. And looking up to heaven, he blessed and break and gave the loaves to his disciples. and and the disciples to the multitude, and they did all eat and and and were filled. And they took up they took up of the of the fragments that remained that remained 12 baskets full. And and and they that had eaten were about 5,000 men besides women and children. And straight away Jesus constrained his disciples to get into his ship and to go before him unto the other side while he sent the multitudes away. And when he had sent them when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray. And when the evening evening was come, he was there alone. But the ship but the but the ship was now in the midst of the sea toss tossed with waves with waves. For the wind was was contrary. And the discip Yeah. And in the fourth watch of the night, Jesus went unto them walking on the sea. And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, "It is a spirit." And they cried out for fear. But straight away Jesus spake Jesus spake unto them. Be of good cheer. It is I. Be not afraid. Amen. Let's let's all bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father. Lord, how we love you, Lord. And how thankful we are, Father, for this opportunity, Lord, just to come in your presence, Father. We ask you, Lord Jesus, just to move in such a mighty special way this evening. Lord, touch the hearts and the lives of the people. Lord, we ask you, Father, just to come down, Lord, and and and and walk the aisles, Father. And Lord, we ask you, Father, just to calm the nerves. We ask you, Lord, Jesus, just just just let there be such a special anointing here tonight, Lord, we pray. We love you and thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Y'all can be seated. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Amen. So, wanting to speak for just a few minutes tonight. I'm not going to be super long. Um on calling Jesus on the scene and uh we can we can start over in in in in Abraham. And this may be a little bit different, but it was what's what's been on my heart. So, I I hope it's a blessing. Um but but we we we we notice that over in in in in Abraham or with Abraham, he he was um he was just an an idoltor. He was an idol worshipper. His family made idols. And God had called him out not by anything that Abraham had done or that anything Abraham could do. But God called him out by election and and through God's and God through God's through God's through God's fornowledge and through his his his his choosing. And we know yes as as Christians that we can never we can never choose God. God God chooses us. Um um um there there there's a saying that says that says that says that that that that I chose God and that's just not not true. God has has chosen us and it's through his his fornowledge and and predestination. So so so so man so man does not does not does not does not does not seek God. He it's not it's it's not in him to seek God. It's but God through his fornowledge and his choosing God God's God God seek see seek see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see seek see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see see seek see seeks us and in the very beginning when man when mankind fell fell from from from grace his nature was changed and he and and he run away from God and he hid from God and that's still his nature yet yet yet today and and um BB because Because because because while while man is yet a sinner, God God seeks us. And uh brother Brandham said said he he said he said he said sometimes I notice sometimes I notice people go go out here and I was standing by by a big museum here here not not long ago a and I se and I seen the I seen the analysis of a human body. A man that weighed 150 pounds was worth 84 cents. 84 cents in the and the chemicals. He he said he said he said, "Could you think of it and think and and then you think you're you're somebody and you're worth 84 cents?" That's right. He he said, "But yet you put a $10 hat on 84 cents and you think you're and you think you're you're you're somebody else." He he and he said, you see, you wrap you wrap a $500 dollar coat around you and think you're somebody when you're just 80 80 84 cents. He said, you sure can take care of that of that of that 84 cents, though. He he said he said, "But remember in there, you've got a soul that's worth that's worth 10,000 worlds and let and and you let the devil push that around around any way." Yes. Yes. That that that's right. So the Bible says that we're we're born into the world and we're born into the world speaking lies. Our our nature is at such that we are and at at an enmity um against God. We because because we are lost and and without God. So what we have to have it is a nature change. And and brother Bam talks about how how how the brooding of God came over and he and and and brooded it brooded over over over the over over the earth and and and and and the word the word brood means means it means making love and brother Brandon brother Brandham described that love like a dove. It's it it's couping over it. And Andy and And and he and he said those those great wings would just would just come and hover over the earth and just coupoo at it and and brood over it. And and and and and the earth began to begin to take its shape and its form. And up came the the bushes and the plant life and the animal life. And then and and then and then and then and then and then God took those 84 cents worth worth of dust and he came and formed it and and and and he he he created humankind with that and and then he began to he began to brood to to brood o o over it and he made love to it and a and and yet if you're called and you're predestinated you're called and your predestinated nated. You you will see that and and and and you respond back. It's a love affair between between between between you you and and God. Romans in Romans 9 9:11 says it says for the children being not yet born neither having done any good or evil that the purpose of God according to the election might stand not of works but of him that calleth and another place in another place brother Brandham brother Brandham did describe the the brooding of God a as as as the logos of God where God's spirit came and and He he he he he was he was he was he he he was Jehovah and that that the the very spirit of God came out came out from God and separated itself and and it began to it began to to to um brood to to to brood over the earth and it began to coup at the earth and then that logos of God came down and it created it created man mankind and then and then that that that that that that logos came down and and and and created a body called called called called Mel Mel Melzdc and stepped down and and into that that body and he met with Abraham there there there on on the backside on the back side of the desert the the the the the logos of God where God would sit there And he would take the earth and he would and he and and brother Brandham said that he would take that the sun and he would speak it and that earth earth would begin to the or or he he he said the Adams would begin to to to form. He said he said one to pop off here and one woman to pop off there and and then he said and and then he said the the the the the sun the the sun be began to sh to form and take shape and then God took it and he threw it and he and he said he he he he he let it go for 100 for 100 for 100 million years and then he stopped it and then and then the locust of of God would take these stars and he he begin to begin to to put them here and to and to and to put them there and he would stop them. Right. Right. Right. And and all these exact spots. And God said, and God said the very first Bible was formed was formed in the heavens through through God where where where where he he would set there he he he would set there and form it just just exactly perfectly and to to where to to to where to to where to to where to to where it became begin to fall in his perfect place and his perfect timing. These storms the these these stars that we see and all these trees and everything, it's not random. God has predestinated them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them to to to to be there since since since since before the heavens was was ever formed and so so so so so so after so after after mankind after mankind had sinned he he he had marred his soul he was in such a relationship where where it was where God had had said had had said let us form man into into into into our image and and So at at first it wasn't even a physical being. It was just a spirit of Adam walking walking in the in the in in in in the garden. Mankind had was literally the logos of Christ sitting there walking walking in the garden. And then and then after that God had had had had created a body for him. And then from that body he he he he took out out out Eve. And when that man had fallen fallen that logos the the the very very spirit of God had had had departed had had had departed had departed from that man where where where where where where where where where where man had become a fallen being a and and and yet and and and and yet all the way down all the way down all the way down through throughout time God had promised man that that that he would come and and restore her her or him him him back again and God when God with the very log go of Christ God the very deity of Christ stepped down into human body on on on earth on earth and he died and he died for us on Calvary he he he he he then he then he then came and he then came and he a and and he restored man back again in in in that that that garden as as restored son and daughter of God. Why? Who? Why? Who? And we ask ourselves, who is God? He is the one that's that that that that's that that stood out there. And he rolled the stars. Brother Random said that that that that he that he rolled the stars the stars off of his hands and and the world he rolled the worlds out of his hands and he made the things which do not which do not not uh appear. And he says deity and deity himself lives in man. The the creator that made heavens and earth lives in mankind. Brother Bam says he he says he says he says why he says why. No wonder cripples when when you realize that that when you realize that that that you can can can can can straighten out because the the the the creators here the he he he said he said no wonder the blind they can't see o opens up he said because the the the the creators here the creator who who who who who he said the Bible said we who are sons and daughters of God his offspring Now then we are something like God was. Jesus said said himself said himself it is written you are gods written in your law. We become a part of God a son of God by adoption through Jesus Christ. Therefore if you realize that the very God that made the dirt and the earth and whatever is here is living among men. Where is our faith at at at at friends? He said, "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus took his blood and went through the heavens, the heavens of of heavens and condemned every devil, took the keys of death and hell and sat down. And when he died on Calvary, he bowed his head. And as far as the atonement was made, and everything that you've got that you have got uh uh need of in this journey from earth all the way to to to to glory," he screamed, "It is finished. There is nothing else to to to to be added to it." Nothing else can can take away from it. That settles the Bible. The Bible is finished. The plan of God is finished. The atonement is made and the devil is defeated. And the only thing that we have to do is look and live. God's word God's word did declares that that that that Jesus Christ is the same is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So he's the same in power. He's the same in principles, the same in in in in in in in healing. And so so so so so it's it's it's who he is now. It's who he was yesterday. And it's who and it's who it's who it's who it's who he he he will always always be be because God is it is exactly is exactly is exactly the the the same. you guys have to help me out. I don't know what's I'm struggling tonight for some reason. And so it's just his attitude has to be the same towards every case that he has ever ever ever he has ever dealt with or or or or he did wrong at the first time. When when he dealt when he dealt when he dealt with the case when he dealt with the case the way the the way he did, he he said it's got to be. So, so we can see that that that that that God that that that these disciples and brother Random has talked about this in that message the the testimony on the sea. The disciples they had just come away away from this marvelous meeting that the God he had watched they had watched God raise the dead, heal the sick. Um the blind eyes were were were opened up. the the he he God had had literally taken taken five five loaves of bread and and and and and and two the two fish and multiplied and fed and and and and fed the five the the 5000. They had watched the lame walk and and and and the dumb and and the dumb to speak and and and and so so they're rolling out there out there on the sea to meet Jesus on the other side. And they began they were rejoicing. They had just gotten out of the greatest meeting the the greatest revival that that that they had ever seen. Seeing God the they were just rejoicing about it. and and and and they began to to to to to to testify to to to testify about it. They were they were so excited what with they began to began to talk about about the miracles they had seen on this day and the miracles that they had that they had had seen here and they and they and they seen seen seen this is seen seen there and they the excitement that they begin to see because the very thing that what God had promised all throughout the the old the old the the the old the old the old testament had begun had begun and they would see the manifestation of it of it of it of it of it in and their day and and and in in in their in their in their hour. And so so so so so so they they begin to see that that with Jehovah of the Old Testament that it was being manifested and Jesus Christ of the new God had had had had had showed up in in flesh and and was manifesting him himself himself himself in these last days or or in in in in their day. So, so and and and so and so, so, so, so, so, so, so, Nathaniel began to talk about, he began to say, um, um, he began to talk about how, how how when he was setting when he was sitting under the fig tree and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and he was, he, he he he was sitting there and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and,, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, um, Andrew Andrew, I I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I I think it was, well, was was, he came and got him. and and and and when and and and when Nathaniel had showed up at Jesus's in Jesus' presence, Jesus said said, "Behold, an Israelite and in whom in whom in whom there there is no guile." And he said, "Master, when did when did did did you know me?" And he said, and he said, "Before Andrew saw you or be be before Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Before Andrew Andrew Andrew saw you um or got you, I saw you. I saw you on on on under on under on under on under on under on under on under on under on under on under on the the the the the victory and a and and and the prophet has taught us that that that that Nathaniel was was was somebody who who was he was a student of the scriptures. He he he he he he he know the the the the the um scriptures and he knew and he knew what had had happened when when Abraham when um Abraham and and Melzdc was was what was sitting there and God and and and God called out out Sarah Sarah Sarah for for laughing at him and and so Nathaniel began to recognize that that the very God that that had come in the flesh and was talking and was talking to to to to Abraham was the very same God in the flesh. And the flesh standing standing standing standing be be before him him again. He had he had recognized the scriptural sign that that was that that was promised to him to him to him to him in those last days. So, so and and and and and they began to talk about how how how how God Jehovah had done had done had done had done throughout the day. And they were sitting there just overjoyed and rejoicing. And when they talked about and and they knew the stories of how of of of how of of how God would feed the children of of of of Israel as as as they marched across the desert, they would they would they would feed him with with with with man every day and water would come forth would come forth would come forth forth out of the rock and and and all the stories that they knew that they knew that they knew from from from their from their from their their their childhood was now standing. They were seeing the manifestation of of the promises. Oh, they got excited about it. You begin to see h how how how how how that that that that all the promises of of what Abraham had prophesied about and all the stuff and and all the stuff that Moses had prophesied about and Isaiah and and and all these prophets and all these prophets prophets prophets all these prophets throughout history they were seeing the very manifestation of the very logos of Christ Christ of Christ standing before them them. Oh, and and and and he he he was sitting there talking about talking about this and and and they began to talk about how how how how they saw that that that blind Barnameus just just a couple days just a couple of days of days of days be be before then and and how how how blind Barn made us year after year after year had sat by the gate and had begged of arms But but but but the prophet has taught us how how that h how how that how that Bararddmus had had a had a mom who who who who would who would who would who would who would set him on his lap and and and and she would she would begin to tell him to tell him the stories of of the old. She told him about about Elijah about Elijah and Elisha uh walking walking arm in- arm arm and arm through through the streets of Jericho and and Elijah Elijah smoke smokeote that smokeote that that that that river with with his mantle and the and the waters just rolled back and Barnameus was sitting there saying saying I'm not he he's I'm not a couple hundred hundred yards away away from that very spot right now and he would he would sit there and And he he was he was he was sitting thinking about this and he and how his mother would would tell him the stories of of of how of how how Moses had had part of the Red Sea and and and how all these different all these different these different these different these different heroes of the faith. And and and after a while after a while after a while Barnameus started to say he had started to to um hear here here he started to hear something. He started to hear a crowd come come walking up the street and and he said some of them were laughing and jeering and some of them were were crying out hosana on on onto on onto the king and and and and Barameus grabbed a man and said and said and said what is this? And he said, and he said, "Jesus, Jesus of of Nazareth." And he began to think, "I've I've heard of him." And and he he thought about all the miracles he had heard about about how about the lame walking and the and the and the and the dead and the and the dead coming back to life. And and Barardus cried jumped up and cried out, "Son, thou, thou, son of David, have mercy on me." And Jesus and Jesus turned around and and and and healed him. and be in and Barnameus the very things that that that man had had had heard about since sitting on his mama's lap lap lap lap a as a little boy he had sat there he he had heard the stories of of of of the of the great Jehovah God and and how how mighty God was and all the works that Jehovah that that that that that Jehovah had son. And there was Jehovah, the logos of God, standing standing and and and and and in front of him again, manifesting himself that he was the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh my those those disciples were were were th those those disciples those disciples were excited about it and and they began to see what God had had had done through this one and through that one and and through this individual and that one a and they begin to praise God and to worship God. But but but but right then and there is when Satan when Satan has come up and and he saw him and he and he and he and he and he saw them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them them testifying and that's when when he said when he said Jesus is not with them I'm going to sink them now and and and and and the the waves began to come up and began to to rock the boat and began to do this and and began to do that and and and Peter and and his brothers were were were were were worse worse were wor worse worse were worse worse worse were worse semen their entire lives they knew exactly exactly how to set the sail and and and and and how how how to row a certain way and and how to do this and that but it got to the point where where where where after they had done everything that they could do and then they and they and then and then they begin to they they begin to to to to cry out and then Jesus showed up showed up showed up on the scene saying it is I be not afraid. Brother Brandham said says say says say says say says say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say say says that ju just just think friends that that in the ministry that I have had I have had from the Lord alone I've seen many many many times more miracles performed than what is written than what is written a and the Bible that that that Jesus Christ has done in these three years in one unit one group o of of of of his his ministry and and one group he has done more more miracles than than has been written in in this in this his Bible. Everything that that can be written in this Bible except leprosy that I know of has been has been healed even to three specific cases of people who were pronounced dead are living are living are living are are living tonight healthy and strong. Who did that? Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he and he is here tonight. And he Jesus was the rock that was in the wilderness that followed the children of Israel. What God has done in those days. What God has done in in in those days in in those days, he has to do again in these days. In these last days that we are standing in and living in now, or else he's not God. For he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, now we can look at a covenant for just a couple minutes. a a covenant is is is kind of an odd thing. Um, here in America, we we we we shake hands and and I think in China, they um throw some salt on on each other. But but but but but but in the but but in the Bible days on in that time they would they would they would they would take a beast and and and and and slaughter it and they and they would and they and one man would stand on one side and one man would would would stand on on the other and and and and and they would and and and they would they would write their their their their their contract cont or or the agreement or or whatever it was that they had. And they would they would they would they would they would they would tear the thing in two and say and say and say a and say and say um see what they would do is take an oath over o over a dead beast and say let my body be as this dead beast if I don't keep this covenant. And and and what we can look at what we can look at and and realize that the same the same power that that that that that that Jesus Christ had has has he he he stood over it and he was he was he was he was he was torn into at at at Calvary. And this covenant, this covenant that that God has has given the the that God has given that has given the the the the church is the baptism is the baptism of of of of of the of the of the of of the Holy Ghost. And we we we we we can sit there a and and and and take the the um covenant that that Jesus Christ said and we can sit there and take the scriptures and it says Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, today and a and and and and forever. We we we we we can sit there and take the take the covenant that says by my stripes by my stripes ye ye are are healed. We can set them take the covenant and and say whatsoever things that that that ye have ha have need of need of and they can set that covenant and they can they can match it match it just together exactly and it matches it matches terror for tear because because God has given us a covenant and so we can we we so we we we we can we can we we we can take that covenant and and and we can stand there and and and be rest assured that God that God will will fulfill it because God is the same. Amen. So, so, so and and we notice now we can't just we can't just take a um um a a a um piece of paper and and and and and try to match it up just exactly. You'll never do it. You have to take the same the same the the same thing that that that that that that when it was torn too. You have to have you have to have the other half or else or else or else it's it's it's it's never going to match. You can sit there you can sit there and say and and and and and try your best to work it up and and and try it through works or or or or or you try and try and dance up and down and and holler and scream and shout, but until that covenant matches up just exactly right. Right. And he and and and you you you can take that word and stand firm and stand firm on God's promises be because because why? We have the other half half of of of the covenant. Brother Brandham says says has said that the bride is the covenant people unconditionally God called you out. God called you out out of the world and gave you the Holy Ghost, the seed of Abraham. you are are tonight with a with a blessed with a blessed with a blessed promise. Amen. He said, "My" He said, "Then if if if your Abraham's seed, you have you have this this this this promise in you. You believe God regardless of what takes place. The Holy Ghost makes you believe it. Makes makes you believe it. Believe it. Believe it." Anyhow, he said he he he said he he he he he said he said he said, "What are we scared about?" He he he's he all devils in hell couldn't shake you. Nothing at all at all at all at all at all can shake you. We receive a kingdom that cannot be moved. Oh my. Settle yourself on these thoughts one time and think of what God of what God has said. Not not your not your not your circumstances, not your nothing else, but what God has said has said. And in Galatians in Galatians chapter 3 29 says it says if ye be Christ then are ye are ye are ye Abraham's seed and hes according according according to to to to the promise. See so so if we are Christ then we are Abraham's seed and and if we're heirs we're heirs. We don't have we don't have to s sit there and and and and wander around and and and wondering if we're worthy or if we're not or for this or for that. No, sir. We can stand on the promise of God and realize we are hes we are heirs of Christ according according to what the promise according according according according to to that covenant that that God has has has has made for us. when when when when when David had had had had had met Goliath, he he he had already seen what God had done what God had done done done to to the lion to the lion and and what God had done had what had done had done to the bear and and and and and he knew and and and he knew that that that that that even know that that even though within himself he had he had he had he had he had no no abilities even though within himself self he was just he was he was an insignificant nobody but but but but but but yet he could stand firmly on the word of God and say who is this uncircumcised uncircumcised sized sized sized Philistine and he could he could sit there and see what God had done, what God had when God had had had had slain that lion. A andy and he slew the barrier and he knew that he could stand there in full confidence and in full assurance knowing that that that God had had had had his back. Why? Why? He see he said, "I am the seed of Abraham and I am an heir and an heir to the to to to the promise." In Galatians 4:6 it says, it says, "And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, ab crying, a a abba abba father." And and and wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son, and if a son, than an heir of God, through an heir of God through Christ. How be it then, when when when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them, which by nature are are are which by nature are no know God's no gods. But now after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again again to the weak and the beggarly and the beggarly and the beggarly and the beggarly elements elements where unto ye desire again uh where unto ye desire again to be in and bondage. Brother Brandham says say says it says says it says says say says say says what are you what are you scared scared about? He said, he said, "Are you afraid to take his his word, his word, his word, his word for anything?" He said, "Don't don't don't be afraid." He He He said he said he's called the thing, right? I am an heir. I am an error. I am an heir to this. He said he, "Oh, I I know I I know I know I don't deserve it, but I'm an air because and because and because and because and because and because I'm an air, I receive it." Amen. That's it. There you are. Be because because I'm an heir. That's it. We are we are an heir of of of salvation. Heir of the Holy Spirit. I'm an heir because Jesus has paid the price. Nothing I had I had nothing that I I had to do. I just felt he air. I felt heir to it. Amen. I am healed because I'm an heir to it. My diseases are gone. My afflictions are gone. Why? Because I'm an heir to it. All perfect assurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of of glory divine. He he he he said he's old. Then Satan can't stand that because because he's a he's he's a defeated being. He's nothing. He is nothing nothing but a bluff. And Jesus has paid the price. Call us by grace. We're an heir. What a perfect setup. Setup. Setup that is. See, he said he's already all he's already defeated. I ne I never I never defeated him. Christ Christ defeated him. I'm just claiming my God-given given given privileges privileges. That's all that is all you do. You just tell tell you just tell Satan get get away from here. I've got an abstract deed on on this building. It's mine. I entered it. And so so so now we now we notice that God had raised up a man. Amen. Amen. A man. A man by by the name of of of Moses. And and and now we know that Moses that Moses was born in into this world for a for a a a specific purpose. And and and and that was that was that was to to deliver to deliver Israel Israel Israel out out of bondage. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so so and andy brought them out not, not not um um on his own, not on his on his on his own merits. And a and and now we notice that Moses had never performed one miracle. It It was the angel of God that that that that that had had had had gone before gone before Moses. It was a pillar of fire night and a cloud and and and and and a and a a cloud by by by by day. And and and and we and we can notice now and now now tonight that it's that same pillar of fire. It's that same cloud that that that that was leading that was that was that was leading Moses and and the children of Israel is the same cloud. And that same pillar of fire and the same pillar of fire that that is is is is leading us. We we we we we we we can sit there a and stand here in all confidence and all assurance knowing that that that that that that that we are serving a a a a vindicated God. We are following a vindicated a vindicated a vindicated message. The only vindication that Moses had was was well well not not the not the only all all all not the only only vindication but but but one one of Moses Moses's vindications was was he had a pillar of fire fire of fire of fire that that that that was leading him and and he had a pillar of cloud of of cloud of cloud of cloud that that that that that was with him. and and when when when we today as a bride of Christ can stand here and and we can sit there and and see that that that that pillar of fire and and and and that cloud, we can stand there in all confidence and all assurance knowing that God had had has had has had has had has had has had has had has had has had has had has had has had has vindicated has has vindicated he him God has vindicated himself again in these last days that that that that that logos that that that had that had brooded that had that had had brooded over the earth and had formed the earth and and man out of the dust of the ground is it was the same logos that that that that that had poured himself had had that had had had had that had poured himself in into into in Jesus Christ. It was the same logos. It was the same. It was it was the same God that that had led the children of Israel. And now it's the same God in our days and in our hour. It's that same logos. It's it's it's that same it's that same logos as a pillar of fire and it's and is leading us and it's guiding us and it's showing that we have the vindication the um vindication and in these last days God has God has poured himself into mankind and and we stand here we stand here with the very logos the the very life of God the word of God living and dwelling in in in in his his his bride again in these last days and she's standing forth as as a mighty army. So, so, so we notice that that that that when the hour had come had come for for for Noah for Noah to to get in the ark, God had had had closed the door and nothing and and nothing could could could um um um o nothing could um o open it for for God for God had had had shut it and sealed it away. the when when when the time came for Shadrach, Meshach, Meshach, and Abednego to to um um to um um um go in the fire and and and and the fire in in in the fiery furnace furnace. when when when marching up up that plank that that that that that plank and the and and the fire begin to get hotter and and and and and and hotter and just and just and just at the at the last possible moment, God God had had had showed up and begin to fan the the waves off him off of them off of them off of them. just just at the last when the hour had had had come for it. And and and we notice now that that's what the devil the devil try tries to do to us all the time. He he fights us in in and in in in our daily lives in our in our um at work. He'll fight us. He'll fight us at the house. He'll he'll make the the children start fighting each other all the time. He'll he'll make the the the the the car break down. He he he'll he'll he he'll make he'll make he'll make your bank account all of a sudden just just just go go go drive. And he can sit there and he could be stressed out and you're wondering what in the world is going on. Why? It's it's because it's because we we have just we have just come out. come come out of of of such an amazing us of of such of such an amazing tent to tent meeting and God and Satan is here fighting us left and right left and right trying to to get us to get us to to to to lose the victory. But I say on unto you on unto you all you all tonight the hour has come and God is here is here is is here is here on on the scene again. The very log ghost of God is is is is in this building is in this building with us with us here here tonight. We because we are the bride of Jesus Christ and we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and we can stand here and all confidence and all assurance knowing know knowing that the very attributes of Jehovah of Jehovah of Jehovah throughout those old the the throughout throughout throughout throughout the Old Testament and all the attributes of of Jesus when he would when he raised the sick A and he healed the the deaf, the blind, and the dumb. And he healed and he made and made the lame to walk and and the lepers were cleansed. That's that very Jesus, the logos. Um um um it was Elohim sat there set sitting there in flesh and what we have seen in and and and and brother Brandham's time went on with all the healings the the the night after night of the of the healings were where where God was was was sitting there speaking through that man and he he was healing them and he was healing them by the thousands is the same God that has stood here tonight in our midst and and in this hour knowing that we are the bride of Jesus Christ. We have if we have if we have if we have the the the baptism the baptism of of of the Holy Ghost. We have we we have the very the very logos the the the very being of God dwelling and and living and living in us in us in us and amongst us. Why? Why? Because we are the bride of Christ. Amen. if the musicians will come. But but but so we notice now Satan is showing up and he's and he's he's he's putting the um heat heat all the heat all the heat heat on us. He's sitting there and he he's he he he's testing us through these trials and all these tribulations. But but we can stand here in all confidence and in all assurance just as those disciples were sitting there giving such a great testimony testimony service after after they had they they had such a marvelous a mar a a a a a marvelous meeting meeting. Here comes Satan. And he began to rock the boat. And the waves begin to begin to he begin to come and the and the boat began to pitch and the yao and and to turn this way and turn that. And just at the last possible moment, the hour come and Jesus and Jesus showed up and said, "It is I. Be be not afraid." Jesus had come on the scene. Amen. Love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse and every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Jesus said [Music] it. His word cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I'll believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, his word will live forever throughout eternity. If Jesus said it, I believe it. His word cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I'll believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. We want to thank brother Josiah for delivering his heart. Amen. Can we sing that song? We sang it earlier. You are awesome in this place. Amen. Can we just stand and sing it now? Oo, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, sing it now. You are awesome in this place. Mighty [Music] God, you are awesome in this place. Oh, ab father, you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, sing it as a prayer. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Oh, aba father, you are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you are the praise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. One more time. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, as they would just play softly now. Amen. I was thinking as brother Josiah was there speaking and there how awesome it is that God has given us the authority to to call to be able to call him on the scene. There's many of people out there in the world today who don't even know how who who who don't even know how to call him on the scene. But God has given us heirs to his throne, heirs to his promises, that whatever he has for us, amen, we can just reach out and accept that and we have the authority, we have the power to call Christ on the scene whenever whatever we have need of. Amen. We can call him and he will be there. Amen. He promised he'd be in our midst. Amen. I'm just I'm thankful for the word tonight. Amen. Let's keep brother Josiah and sister Mindy in our prayers and the children that the Lord would just continue to bless them. Amen. We want to uh remember our pastor. Uh that the Lord would just uh be with them, him and the family as they would be traveling. Uh I believe he's preaching for brother Wayne Thursday and then uh brother Mike Siver on Sunday. So let's just keep them in our prayers and Amen. Uh we want to uh remember those who couldn't make it. I believe brother Terry is on their way to Ohio or if they're not there already visiting. Amen. Family and uh we want to keep sister Jane in our prayers, sister Kim Weekes in our prayers. Amen. That the Lord would just do something special for them. Amen. We want to remember service uh Sunday at 11:00 and also uh Cole's graduation on Saturday for those who can make it. And I'm sure he'd really appreciate that. Amen. How many loves the Lord tonight? Amen. Maybe we could ask Brother Mark if he would dismiss us in a word of prayer. [Music]
