################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - Brother Jonathan Martin Gathered By The Word of His Power - Jonathan Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-03
Title:    Brother Jonathan Martin "Gathered By The Word of His Power"
Speaker: Jonathan Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQw9Ld9Lifc
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, some morning between 6 and 9, there'll be a change go through my body. Your hair that's gray will be black again. When this change goes through our bodies and we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Can we stand and sing it? When the doctor says there's just no way you'll never be any better. Then Jesus comes and he makes me well. I'll be with you child forever. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy. Oh yes, the lamb. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. [Music] Now in a time when it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky. Oh, the children of Is it began to reason why? Oh, they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky." Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now they opened up the door. Sep time they looked once more. Oh, a tiny cloud was rising from the [Music] sea. They began to understand the time rain was at hand. Just like God said it would be. Oh yes. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Oh, so today we have no fear. Oh, for a cloud did appear. Oh, the prophets green. My bride, go through that door. Oh, have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. The rain is just about to pour. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. I like this right here. Now the bride is looking above. Oh, for the chariot rain of love to fill their hearts with peace they have never known. And now she's become God's unfolded mystery. The promised word has already been sold. Oh yes. Now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Oh, now they opened up the door. A seventh time they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. So they began to understand the time for rain was at hand just like God shed it would be. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. I see a cloud like a hand. [Music] I see a cloud like a man's hand and I know. Can we sing that fourth verse? Now the bride is looking above for the chariot rain of love. Oh to fill their hearts with peace they have never known. And now she's become God's unfolded mystery. The promised word has already been sold. Oh yes. Now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand and I know it's going to rain. Oh yes, now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I [Music] know. Amen. Can you give the Lord some praise this morning? Amen. We had a cloud up here. Amen. [Music] This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Sing it again. Oh yes. Now, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, yes. This joy that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. The world can't take this freedom. Oh, yes. Now this freedom I have, the world didn't give it to me. This freedom I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh yes. This freom I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. And the world can this peace. Oh yes. Now, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh yes. This peace that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, this strength that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This strength that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this strength that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world did give it and the world came. This promise that I have. Oh yes. Now, this promise I have, the world didn't give it to me. This promise I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh yes. This promise I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world did give it and the world as they come for the offering. This joy. Oh, this joy that I have. The world. Do you have that joy that I'm talking about? Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, yes. This joy that I have. Yeah. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. [Music] Amen. Nothing can take my joy. Nothing can take my peace. Amen. Brother [Music] Kobe. Heavenly Father, how we love you and want to thank you for this opportunity you've given us this morning, Lord. I pray, Father, that we come expecting to receive something from you here today. ask him that you'll bless this offering that's about to be taken up. Lord, bless all those that can give and all those that can't. In your name we pray. Amen. Pains of death she stormed my soul. Unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. As Jacob in the days ago, I wrestled with the Lord. Oh, an instant with a courage I stood upon his word. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came, he made me whole, I would not be denied. Now Satan said, "My Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer." Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came, he made me whole. I would not be denied. Now, oh Satan shed my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord, the work is done. And Christ, do you believe he's here this morning? Oh, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came, he made me whole, I would not be denied. Now in pains of death seized on my soul. Until the Lord I cried, till Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, I would not [Music] be. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came, he made me whole. I would not be. Sing it again. And I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came, he made me whole. I would not be [Applause] denied. Hallelujah. Amen. We want more and more of [Applause] you. Holy Spirit, fill us with your power. Give us your desires. Hold us close to you. Holy Spirit give us revelation a healing visitation for nothing else will do for we want more and more and more of you. Sing it again. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, healing, visitation for nothing else we'll do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. Here, getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. Oh, forgive us all, seeking your hand and not your face. Come and empty us. Father, we're desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desire. Hold us close to you. and Holy Spirit give us revelation, healing, visitation for nothing else we do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. Sing it again. It's Sister Rolina. Come, Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desire. Hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else we'll do. For we want more and more. More and more. For we want more and more. more and more of you. Amen. Is that your desire this morning is more of him? Amen. You can be seated. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I met a man the other day and he looked at me and said, "So many times I've seen your kind before." Uhhuh. He said, "You can't do this and you can't do that. You're bound by rules and restrictions. What a jury life a Christian must observe. But I looked him in the eye. I said, "You're wrong. I can do anything. I can turn you on. I can smoke till my eyes turn red and my face turns blue. Oh, I can chew any dip. I can snore down and cuss. I can't party and drink till the sun comes up. that there's better things in life I'd rather do. And oh, I choose to be a Christian and I choose to be like him. And nobody's making me do it. This is how I want to live. You decide for you and I decide for me. I said the choice is mine and this is what I choose to be. Well, I must admit that from time to time, the God of heaven keep me towing that line that the Lord is coming. It sounds too good to be true. Mhm. But if we're all just a fairy tale and there was no heaven and there was no hell, I could still be happy living like I do. And so I choose to be a Christian and I choose to be like him. And nobody's making me do it. This is how I want to live. You decide for you and I decide for me. I say the choice is mine and this is what I choose to be. So don't look at me in sympathy and think that I've been cheated for not doing all those things that you call fun. Oh, sometimes when you're headed down on the darkest side of town, look for me. out of here and I choose to be a Christian and I choose to be like him and nobody's making me do it. This is how I want to live. You decide for you and I'll decide for me. I said the choice is mine and this is what I choose to be. Oh yes. And I choose to be a Christian. And I choose to be like him. And nobody's making me do it. This is how I want to live. You decide for you and decide for me. I said the choice is mine and this is what I choose to be. I said the choice is mine and this is what I choose to be. [Music] Amen. No one's making you choose Christ. Amen. There's something that's within you that's chosen him. Amen. Can we sing that song? Um, it was a great thing. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing how he set me free. Jesus died and rose again. So the whole world to see that it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great day that he did for me. Yes, it was a great day that he set me free. Oh Jesus died and rose again so the whole wide world can see it that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. Brother Larry Jerus was amazing. How he set me free. Oh Jesus rose again. So the whole I see that it was a great thing that he did for me. Sing [Applause] again that he did for me. [Music] how he set me free. Oh Jesus died and rose again so the whole wide world could see that it was a great day that he did for me. Amen. Do you remember that day? Amen. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord everybody. Y'all can do better than that. Praise the Lord everybody. I'm glad to be in the house of the Lord. Y'all ought to shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's good to be here. It's good to be here. We just want to encourage you this morning. I believe it's your season to be blessed. Tell your neighbor, it's your season to be blessed. Come on. The song says it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He's going to open the windows and pour you out a blessing. Oh, it's your season. to be blessed. Come on, help me say, "It's your season. It's your season to be blessed." to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood up. He's going to open the window and pull you out the blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Come on. Come on. I bless you. Come on. Say, come on. Say, "Oh, I'm blessed now. I'm blessed." Come on, say it. He's going to open the window and pull you out of blessing. It's your season. Come on, everybody say it's your to be to be. God made you a pro. God made you a pro. You going to open the window you season. I've been through the fire. I've been through the blood. But listen, I'm standing here. Hey, because of his blood. Oh, he going to open the windows and pull me out of blessing. It's your season. [Music] I make you open the window you feel. I'm blessed. I'm blessed in the heels. Yes, sir. I'm blessed going out. I'm blessed in open and pour you out of blessing. Hallelujah. One more time. It's your season to be to be a promise. Open the window. Open the window. It's your feeling for me. It's your season. You went through the fire. You went through the blood. I'll make you a promise. Hang on in there. Hang on in there. Hang on in there. It's your season. It's your season to be Come on and wave your hand. Come on. Wave your hand. Hallelujah. Oh, it's your season to be to be a pro. [Music] God. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] down. We don't dream like they used to treat me like you do. You know you say I feel so much down. I feel so much better. I burn down. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Lay my burdens down. Oh, burdens down, Lord. Oh, burdens down, Lord, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, I'm feeling better. Oh, so much better since I laid my heart down. Oh, I'm feeling better. Oh, so much better since I laid my burdens down. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Oh my, I'm feeling so much better since I laid those burdens down. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. As we get ready to turn it over to our pastor whose report will you believe. I said, "Who report will you [Music] believe?" I'm going to ask you again. Oh, who report will you [Music] believe? What does his report say? Oh, his report says I am healed. His report says I am healed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Oh, whose report will you believe? [Music] I said, "Who report will you believe?" I said, "Who report will you [Applause] [Music] believe?" Oh, for his report says, "I am healed." His report says I am shield. His reborn says I am free. His report says victory. Oh his reort says I am [Applause] free. His report I am his report says victory. Well, whose report are you going to believe? Oh, who report will you believe? Say it again. Whose report will you [Music] believe? For his report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Glory, glory, glory. How many's got the victory? He says you've got the victory. It's his report. Hallelujah. And I believe his report. Hallelujah. Well, do you love him? Amen. I've certainly enjoyed the songs. Amen. And the worship. Amen. I tell you what, there's one thing about God's people. They love to worship. But you're already represented in the Bible for this day. For John represented you when the book was open and he saw his name in that book. There was nothing that would keep him from worshiping. He knew then that the lamb was truly worthy. I say the lamb is worthy. Worthy enough to erase my past. worthy enough to make a a a a declaration that I am justified. Never done it in the first place. Church, we've got something to worship about. Can you say amen? Did you enjoy the service last night? Bless the name of the Lord. The power of God. Amen. The power in its fullness. You know, the the Bible does say that the that they see the Son of Man coming with power and great glory. And it's it's not just a power to get you excited and emotional. Amen. But it's a power I I was thanking Brother Bran. He said, uh, Jesus is so close to coming to the earth now until his power has began to catch the people and winding them up and getting them ready for the bride, getting ready to be caught up in the rapture. A church that'll fit just exactly to be taken up. and through its power will draw all the rest of them that's born again out of the earth. Jesus is coming. How many feels that power? You got that power inside of you. It's bearing witness that Jesus is coming. It's drawled us out of the denominations. It's draw us out of creeds and dogmas. Got us away from all the man-made ideas and religion and formality and all of these things. That power is within us getting us ready for the coming catching away. And I'm so glad for that. It won't be too much longer. We got to keep pressing on, don't we? Amen. I am uh just privileged to uh have Jonathan uh my younger brother to come and minister to us today. And uh I certainly love and appreciate him not just because he's my younger brother uh but uh uh because of the love that he has for the message of the hour. And I'm privileged to have uh parents and uh that love the message uh my brothers and sister and the families. We just love the message. can't can't can't uh preach it hard enough, can't can't declare the message strong enough. And God has raised up Jonathan and and has given him just a wonderful ministry uh anointed uh man of God. And I know if you haven't heard him before, you're going to really be blessed today. And uh if you've heard him, you're still going to be blessed today. And uh and so as as Jonathan would come, let's just sing this song uh only believe all things are possible. You know, brother Brandham, he had waiting on the angel of the Lord and he was just talking and he said, "Now I'm waiting on him." And and then he asked, I believe it was the sister playing the piano said, "Could you just sing that? Just start playing that song, Only Believe." He said, 'The angel of the Lord loves that song. Amen. And uh I think that's fitting for today. Amen. Oh, only believe. Only [Music] believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. For all things are [Music] possible. Hallelujah. Say it now. Lord, I believe. I'm a believer. Hallelujah. All things are [Music] possible. No matter what you have need of, all you have to do is just believe. You don't have to try to figure it out. Just believe. Don't have to wonder when it's going to be. Just believe. God will take care of the rest. And all things are possible. Holy. Oh yes. Jesus is here. [Applause] Jesus is here. All things are [Music] possible. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. I know Jesus is here and all things are possible. [Music] Jesus only believe. Yes. Only it's all you have to do. For all things are possible. Only believe. Yes. [Music] Only [Music] believe. I know all things are possible. [Music] Holy. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only [Music] believe. Amen. Aren't you glad that's all you have to do? God made it very simple for us and that is just only believe that all things are possible. We know that all things are possible with God and uh but he made it very clear that all things are possible with the believer. All things are possible with you. And we are just living in an hour of uh possibility and uh the the uh the limits have been taken off of the bride of Jesus Christ to believe in what God has given us in this hour. And uh it sure is good to be uh here under the tent again. And we so have enjoyed the services. We enjoy all the the ministry and the uh the preaching of the word has just been tremendous and uh you know uh it's the bride of Jesus Christ is greatly blessed uh with uh just tremendous ministry and gifts that God has placed in the body. And uh we're not lacking for anything. We have the greatest message that has ever hit the earth. And and we've got uh men who believe it. And we've got uh people who receives it and believes it and acts upon it. And uh I tell you, it's it's uh it's a tremendous time to be able to preach to the bride of Jesus Christ. I think it's the greatest honor. It's the greatest privilege to be able to preach this message to to you uh because you believe it. Uh we're we're not uh arguing with it, debating it, but we just simply receive what God has given us in this hour. And u we just appreciate brother Shawn for the invitation and appreciate his labor of love and the church and uh Faith Tabernacle. I I know it's an exhausting effort uh but it's an eternal effort and uh we just are greatly uh beneficiaries of your love and we just uh uh appreciate uh you and and uh just all the the labor. And uh if we if you have your Bibles, we're uh just going to go into some portions of scripture. I've got three places and and if you don't mind just turning to those. Ephesians the first chapter beginning at verse 3 and uh Hebrews the first chapter beginning at verse one and then Psalms 110 Ephesians 1 and beginning at verse 10 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children, but Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. Now Hebrews the first chapter beginning at verse one and just reading to the third the third verse. God who at sunundry times and in diverse manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things by whom also he made the worlds. who being the brightness of his glory and the express image of his person and upholding all things by the word of his power. When he had when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. And now Psalms 110 and verse [Music] one. Just reading down to the fourth verse. The Lord said unto my Lord, sit thou at my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool. The Lord shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion, rule thou in the midst of thine enemies. Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power. In the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning, thou hast the dw of thy youth. The Lord hath sworn and will not repent. Thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc. Let's just bow our hearts just for a moment in a word of prayer. Father, as we are gathered together, Lord, this is the day that the Lord has made. And Lord, we rejoice in it. We rejoice in the message that you have sent us. We rejoice in this great revelation that is burning within our hearts. And now, Father, as we are gathered together on this Saturday morning, we ask, Father, that you would speak, oh God, that once more, Lord, you would just speak to every heart, every need, and just bring a great understanding, Lord, to every heart, every boy, every girl, every man and woman. Father, we surrender ourselves to you, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God richly bless you. You can be seated. I would like to uh speak uh just for a text. Gathered by the word of his power. Gathered by the word of his power. I thought it was a very striking thing and uh a very powerful thing. Brother Wayne speaking on uh God's power. And we would just like to continue in that same thought and that direction. But we are living in a predestinated time. And uh the prophet would show us that all the prophets uh throughout the history of the world longed for this day that we are living in right now. to see that we are a blessed people, a special people, a uh uh uh predestinated for such a time as this that Moses and Elijah and all of the prophets if if they had a choice of what day to live in, they would be they they would have chose this day that you are living in. And it's it's this is the age is uh it's an age where God is proving uh the culmination of the history the culmination from the very uh the very the very beginning from Genesis to revelation. This is the hour that God is proving that he is Elohim. He is the selfexisting one. He is not needing any man's uh help. He's not needing any man's teaching. And he doesn't need any man's theology. He doesn't need any man's help. This is the age that Elohim has stepped on the scene as omnipotent, the all powerful God. And he's proving in this age that he is not a dead God, but he is a live God. Amen. The prophet of God would show us that the scripture that we have read that in this last day he has spoken through the prophets. But in this last day, he is speaking through his son. And he would show us that it's what Luke 17 is about. The revealing of the son of man is Elohim coming on the scene. the word made manifest coming in human flesh to show and prove that Jesus Christ is not dead but he is alive in this age. Amen. The prophet, the prophet David would write about this I I believe right about this day and he would say that he would say in Psalms 118 verse 22 he would say the stone which the builders refused has become the headstone of the corner. This is the Lord's doing. It is marvelous in our eyes. This is the day which the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And so what they rejected in his first coming, he has returned as the headstone. He's returned as the intelligence coming into the bride body. And the church of the living God recognizes recognizes it. sees it in and receives it, embraces it and rejoices in it. Amen. Not only have we seen it, but we rejoice in what the Lord is doing. Amen. You see, this is the ending of the gentile dispensation. Everything has been building and building until this point in the history of the world. And the prophet of God said, "This less church age is the grandest of all the church ages because it's the ending of time and the blending of eternity." What an age to be living in. That is the ending of time and it's the blending of eternity. Everything that we have been looking for, Amen. Ever since the fall in the garden of Eden has been culminating to this history, this place, this time in the history of the world, it is the blending of time into the ending of time and the blending of eternity. You see, the prophet of God would say, "Always the end time message meets end time conditions." It's not sometimes uh but it's always end time message meets end time conditions. And the prophet of God would show us, amen, it's at the end of the world system when the world is coming into judgment and the patience of God is running out and the wrath of God is going to be poured out upon the world. It's at the end of the world system. It's when the world has come to a junction. Amen. The prophet of God would preach the message. Amen. The junction of time and show that there has been seven junctions in the history of the world. Amen. There was a junction in the time of Noah. There was a junction in the time of the Exodus when Moses came. There was a time of a junction when Abraham was on the back side of the desert and had met Elohim. There was a junction in the time of Jesus coming. You see, there is a junction. It's the changing of dispensations. You see, the only thing that can bring a change is omnipotence. Man can do it. The theologians can do it. Men with the best of intentions can do it. Uh the only thing uh that can bring a change from time into eternity is omnipotence. Amen. The prophet of God would say, "Amen. It's the ending." Uh amen. It's when uh it's when the dispensations has come to their end and we hit a junction. There's junctions on the highway. There's junctions on the roads that we travel in this world. There is junctions on this grand old highway that we travel to glory. He says it takes the miraculous to speak of omnipotence. Amen. Omnipotence is the all powerful and it takes the miraculous to vindicate the omnipotence. Oh, it takes the miraculous to vindicate the omnipotent. still lives uh and reigns. Uh oh. And we must have the miraculous. And I believe uh that the church is now standing on a threshold of the greatest vindication of omnipotence that the world has ever known. Uh it's at the junction. Uh amen. It's at the ending of the old road and coming into another road. Uh it's at the junction. Uh amen. is when the miraculous bears witness uh that omnipotence uh is not in heaven uh but omnipotence is on the earth. Uh where is the omnipotence uh where is the omnipotence uh being revealed? Uh it's that elect that is coming to the end of the age uh and they need mercy. They need grace. Uh they need help. Uh in the time of need uh is when uh the miraculous testifies uh that omnipotence uh is not dead, he's alive. Uh hallelujah. It was when the waters of judgment was falling in the days of Noah. But omnipotence came and gave a word of revelation uh in the midst of the junction. Uh God uh rich in mercy provided a way of escape. Uh oh yes. Uh omnipotent spoke uh and there is a word that gathered them into the ark. The prophet of God says it was the ark that was the miracle. In the time of destruction, in the time of the end of the world system, the ark was the miracle. And the ark is a type of Christ. Uh the miracle in this age uh is Christ is here. The Christ, the anointed, vindicated word uh is not uh in some denominational system. is not uh in some denominational headquarters. Uh it is not a dead letter but the spirit of the word uh has brought mercy in the time of need at the time of the ending of one dispensation and the ushering in of another. There is mercy when the word gathers us under the message of the hour. You see the junction where he starts something new. Junctions with the old to the new. With one dispensation to another, he always shows forth his power. Oh yes sir. Watch how the miraculous is done each time. Watch how God vindicates himself in healing and powers each time. just at the crossroads never before. You see, it's the healing, it's the power, it's the miraculous that is coming at the junction never before. Therefore, the prophet of God would say the first pull was healing, the second pole was prophesying, but the third pole was the opening of the word. The first two PS was in the junction. The first two polls was in the preparation. The first two polls uh was letting you know who was on the earth. Uh the first p the first two polls uh was to catch your attention. Hey, judgment is coming. Tribulation is coming. Uh we're at the end of the world. Uh there's got to be something uh that brings a change. Uh and the only thing that can bring a change uh is omnipotence. Uh so it's a declaration. Uh we have not come to just the words of a prophet. Uh but we have come to the end uh where the son himself is has spoke omnipotence has spoke that the bride can be gathered under the headship of the revealed word of the hour. Mercy under [Applause] headship. It's at the crossroads. Never before. You see, omnipotence speaks. The miraculous is only testifying that omnipotence is about to speak. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. You see, this is the age, Amen, that omnipotence is speaking when the king is speaking to his subjects. This is the this is the ushering in of the kingdom of God. And the kingdom of God is his word made power in you. [Music] You see the king speaking, ushering in his kingdom dominion in your flesh. It's his word made power. Amen. Not a dead letter, not a the something that is just a theology. It's not mind over matter. It is the kingdom the word may power in you. You see when we come to the junction of the history of the world. This age is where the king comes for the claiming work of redemption. You see when he came as the redeemer. Oh, there was Jesus standing in the junction and he told he stood there and looked upon Israel and said, "Oh, how oft you as a hen would gather her brood and put you under my wings and protect you and keep you and show you my mercy, but you wouldn't do it." Uh, if you only would have recognized the day and the hour of your visitation. If you would have only known the hour that belongs uh to your peaceuh I would have placed my wings over you. You as the shadow of the wings uh of the almighty bringing mercy to your life uh but you wouldn't do it. Uh but in the evening time uh when the capstone the redeemer comes uh it is claiming work uh there will be a people that is willing to come under the shadow of the wings of the almighty under the power of omnipotence and say hide me. Hide me from the wrath. Hide me from the evil one. Hide me from the destruction. It's at the ending of time and blending into eternity. The people will be willing in the day of his power, willing to come under headship, willing to accept omnipotence at the junction. You see Isaiah 45:22 says, "Look unto me and be ye saved all the ends of the earth, for I am God and there is none else." The prophet of God reading this scripture, preaching the message, look away to Jesus. He says when the earth has come to its end or the system of the earth has come to its end let the people look unto him. You see the prophet says now you might say we have heard this generation after generation. We've heard this for a long time. That is true and it's been preached for a long time. Many ministers has took this same text, thousands of them. But the prophet of God says, but this is what I want to ask you. When you look, the question is, what do you see when you look? And of all the thousands of preaching, look unto him. Look unto him. Look unto him. Look unto him. 6,000 years. Amen. Look to the promise. Look to the word. Look to Elohim. Look to Christ. Look, look. But in this age, what do you see when you look? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. In every age, they looked and they saw a portion of Christ for their age. But you see, Amen. It all depends what you're looking for. When you look, it all depends what you're going to see, but what you're looking for. Amen. And if you're looking just for another church age change, that's all you're going to see. If you're looking for just another good hoop at a church camp, uh, that's all you're going to see. If all you're looking for is just a it's just a shield running up and down your spine, that's all you're going to see. But if you're looking for the rapture, if you're looking for the change of your body, if you're looking for the culmination of 6,000 years of revelation coming in the form of the revealing of Elohim, the self-existing one, the one that doesn't need your help. He doesn't need your sinless perfection. He doesn't need your good ideas. He doesn't need your help interpreting his message. All he needs is you to look and see him lifted out of history. Look at the one that can change your body. Look at the one who can brain blend you into eternity. The one that can change you from a liar to a truth teller. The person that can take you, Amen, from a homosexual and bring you back to your right mind, a map of God that can take you from a drunkard, an alcoholic and bring you back to a perfect sinless son of God again. What do you see when you [Applause] look? Hallelujah. There's been thousands of sermons preached, but they've been looking at a closed book. They've been trying to preach Christ from a closed book. They've been trying to preach rapturing condition, rapturing faith from a closed book. They've been trying to preach Jesus as a deliverer from a closed book. They've been trying to preach Christ the mighty conqueror from a closed book. But you got to look. You got to look. What are you looking for when you see the message of the hour? What are you looking for? Are you looking to just get a following? Are you looking for just a good hoop time? Or you looking for something to transform your body? Because we have come from glory to glory. We have come through the ages uh from the feet all the way up now to the headship of Christ the word. Uh what are you looking for? Are you looking to tell Christ how to do it? Or are you allowing Christ to tell you how to do it? Are you looking for something? Amen. to build you up uh your reputation, your ministry, or are you here to build up his reputation? Build up his ministry to promote Christ in a dark and evil age. [Applause] Close book. [Music] John wept because he's seen the kinsman redeemer. He had seen he was under that anointing. He knew Christ, Jesus Christ, came in the changing of a dispensation. He knew what it meant that that was Elohim in flesh. But he still wept because he was looking at a closed book and no one was worthy to open that book. No one was worthy to take that revelation and begin to bring an understanding into the church of who they are and bring such an understanding that you are not coming to be bride. You're not going to be bride. You're not going to be the word. You are the bride. You are the word. You are his sinless perfection made flesh. Not your own words doing it. his works. Revelations five sealed with seven seals and John wept because it was a closed book. But then we look again. Hallelujah. We look again. And in Revelation the 10th chapter, there is another mighty angel. And now this mighty angel, he's got he's got the rainbow over his head, which means that he's the angel of the covenant. And the prophet of God says, "Christ, only Christ it can be." Amen. And he's coming down with an open book. Revelations 5, closed book. Revelations 10, an open book. But it's at the breach that the prophet of God begins to show that that mystery, the mystery of our inheritance, the title deed has been sealed up in an earthn vessel waiting for the end time that there would be an earthn vessel, a messenger stand in the breach. stand between Revelations 5 and stand between Revelations 10 uh in the junction uh in the changing of the dispensation uh the prophet would say uh these messages are all kept up until this earthly vessel until the time of God's appointed time at the last messenger at the earth and all the people had judged it and said I know it's there I believe it's there and they fought at it and brought it forth and produced the things By faith they believed it. But now it's going to be brought to us in revelation and from the hand of God by vindication. Oh, because there was a prophet standing in the breach. His ministry was standing in the breach. the miracles, the first two PS preparation uh to bring them to the brereech and declare that everything that Adam lost, everything, all the fellowship, the right to the tree of life, uh the right to partake of the inheritance, uh is now being restored. Uh it's the changing of the junction. It's the changing of the dispensation. It's not dispensation of workshensation of law. It's not the dispensation of denominational ages. But time is no more. Time is no more. The time for those denominational ages, the time for denominational tradition, the time for denominational interpretation. The time is no [Applause] more. Now this is what John saw. It's what Daniel saw and they were told to seal it up. Seal it up until the time of the junction. For at the ending of the time, the line is going to speak. Now is not the time for the line to speak, but in the day of my power, the people are going to be willing to hear the lion roar. And when they hear the lion roar, it's not going to be seven thunders, seven mysteries, but it's going to be the voice of omnipotence, the voice of understanding, the voice of revelation coming into the bride. What is it doing? It's declaring that the time of confusion is no [Applause] more. Let me put it like this. The time of your struggles is no more. Under this message, mercy has come. The time of your cycles, the time of your weakness, the time of looking to your faults and failings, the time is no more. Now's the time to recognize it's bride time. It's a bright anointing. Your light has come. Rise and shine. Quit looking to your flesh. Elohim is here. The lion, the king, the voice of omnipotence, the very revelation given together the bride together has been released. You see, revel Daniel 12 said, "Daniel, shut up the words in this book. seal the book until the end. And knowledge is going to increase and none of the wicked shall understand, but the wise shall understand. We're understanding that we're not feeding on a man. For a man's words will fail, but we are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. We are understanding as Peter said, "Hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ." We are understanding that it is in this day at the revelation of Jesus Christ when Luke 17 is fulfilled and Elohim is revealed then grace has appeared. Grace, divine favor has appeared. The thing that we've been waiting for for the body change. The thing we've been waiting for to be delivered from this wretched man that I am. The thing that we've been waiting for to change this carnal thinking that I can be led by the spirit of God. The very thing this bride has been waiting for to turn the corner and begin to look heavenward. Stop looking at the things that are around you on the earth. Look up for your redemption draweth nigh. Time shall be no more. [Applause] The quickening power the prophet says has come to us to open the seals. What was that? The intelligence of a man. No, the quickening power of God. The prophet of God was jealous, he is the one who opened those seals. He is those seals. For the whole word of God is Christ. And Christ is the seals that was open. What is the opening of the seals then? Revealing Christ. You see, it's quickening power. the quickening power coming to the church making her ready this hour that we're approaching. Now, that was in ' 65. Let me let me just go ahead give me some I I just believe that the prophet was preparing us for this hour. I believe that he was preparing us. Quickening power was coming to the church making us ready to believe for all things. Quickening power was letting you know what God's will is. Quickening power is what told us the mystery of God's will is adoption. Quintoning power. Let us know that God by his forn knowledge predestinated you unto the adoption of children. It's the quickening power that let us know that what we have been waiting for, the position that we've been longing for is in the land of the Holy Ghost. And as we step be as we step beyond Jordan, we are coming into the land of the Holy Ghost. And we are leaving those other things in the wilderness. And we are stepping into our inheritance. And there is a Joshua ministry that is taking us into our position in the land. In the land. In the place. The prophet of God would say when the place is mechanics and dynamics coming together, when the bride comes to that place, then there will be a spark that gets this bride to moving in the power of his resurrection, the same works that Christ did, the bride does. The same life that Christ lived, the bride lives. I will meet you there. [Applause] Not in a dead works, not in some theologian, but I'll meet you in the place I put my name. Not in the Baptist, not in the Presbyterian, not in the Pentecostal, and not in some denominational message church. I will meet you where mechanics and dynamics come together. That's where I put my name. The word that is living, the word that is proving that this is Elohim. I will meet you there. That's where I'm going to take you from time into eternity. I'm going to gather you into that place. [Applause] You see, it's a gathering time. He's gathering us in one. All things in one in Christ. Lord for the rapture. You see the prophet says, "How could men do anything else besides the power of God that had been released of them?" Said, "If God sends a certain spirit among them, that's the only thing that they can work by is the spirit that works among them." You see, it's the church that responds to the anointing released to the age. Now the prophet of God is referring to Revelation the 4th chapter where there's four beasts. There's four anointings that is released to the church. We find that it's a lion anointing. Then it's an ox anointing. Then it's a man anointing. And he says these three, the first three are earthbound creatures. They're anointings dealing with the things that are happening on the earth. But you see it is the fourth which is the eagle anointing. And the eagle anointing is catching you what is happening on the earth earth and catching you up into an astronaut age which is the heavenly places in Christ. So the eagle anointing does not necessarily matter, you know, so much about what's happening here on the earth, even though he's a prophet to the nations, but he's getting that bride to look up. He's gathering the bride under the revelation of the opening of the word. You see, the prophet would say, "It's the eagle time. It's the anointing of the hour. It's the time that we're living in. It's the working of the Holy Spirit for this particular time to prove that Jesus is not dead. The prophet again says, "Now remember there is no more powers goes out after that eagle. God sent something to combat it." The antichrist spirit. Then he sent another power. God sent something else to combat it. Then when he go down to the eagle, that was his word back like it was in the first place. So we have come to the anointing of the hour which is the word and the word only. And the only way you find mercy in this age is following after the word. And the word is gathering all things in heaven and in earth in one. And that is in Christ. You see, Jesus said, "Where the carcass is, the eagles will be gathered." Where the killing is, the eagles will be gathered. Where the fresh meat is, the word of the season, the eagles will be gathered where the fresh keel is of the word. The word that's raised up and fattened and been made manifest and give out to the food for the children. That's where the eagles are gathered. Now, the prophet of God says, "You can't be nature." Am I Am I being too slow? You can't be nature. He said, "The prophet of God says that he was there with with a with a with another man, Bert, and they're going down the river there down down the lake." And he said all the sudden, he says, "We're going down and there's a swarm of ducks." He said, "And they're all just everywhere. There's there's just a swarm of them everywhere on that lake." He said, "And they're all quacking and they're all making a commotion." And then and and and and Bert asked the prophet says, "I wonder what this is all about, Billy." Hallelujah. Oh, a lot of people have been asking, "What is this all about? What is this shouting and and hollering and saying amen and having a dance in your step? What's it all about?" Oh, well, the prophet of God said, "Well, I tell you what it is, birds." He said, "They're getting ready to fly south. You see the red skies over there? It's a sign that the storms are coming. The snow is coming." He said, "Bert, they're all in the lake gathering together. They're swarming. They're having a revival." Hallelujah. And brother Bert, amen, he says, you know, he said, "I I wonder why they're being so noisy. I want I wonder what they're saying to one another." He said, "I'll tell you what they're doing, Bert." He said, "I thinking they're having fellowship." He said, "I think they're just gathering together and they're having some good old fellowship." What are they doing? They're getting ready to leave for the sky. They know it's coming. They know it's the season. They know they have transforming power within their wings. Uh they've got the ability. They're not checking. They're not saying, "I wonder if I can do it." They're saying, "It's upon me." If the instinct is telling me it's time to go back, it's time to go back south. I tell you friends, uh that's what this 10th meeting is about. Uh it's a gathering around the revealed word of the hour. And we're having fellowship. We're having fellowship. We're hearing from our theophony that this message is eagle food to give us rapturing grace to head for the sky. We're not wondering about it. We're not trying to see if we're doing all the works just right and we got all the dues just right. It's a different holy It's a different gathering now. This is a holy convocation. This is where we step from time into eternity. This is a prepared people for a prepared city. That city is already prepared. The city is already in the eternities waiting uh for a people that is prepared uh that's been gathered under the revealed rapturing faith of the hour. Then what does that mean for you and I? It means I don't have time to read it but the prophet of God says it's the last feast which is the feast of tabernacles which is amen you've got feast for seven days but on the eighth day uh the eighth day speaks of eternity it speaks of new beginnings it speaks of new creation when you gather in the feast of tabernacles it's when you step from time and you step into eternity when you gather under the revealed revelation of Elohim. You step from your ability. You step from your weakness. Uh you step from your tradition. You step from the dos and the don'ts. Uh and you step from just new moons uh and new church order. And you step into eternity. You step into rapturing faith. Uh you step into rapturing condition. You have ceased from time and you've gathered into Christ. It's a gathering. It's a gathering. The same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, if it quickens you, your mortal body which is dead. Your mortal body which is just but a hybrid. Your mortal body which is trying to catch up. What's it catching up to? Your confession. It's catching up to the immortal side of you. Your body, which is that unbeliever that's been telling you, you can't do it. You can't make it. You're too tired. You're too weak. You make too many mistakes. But when you come into Romans 8, you cease from your labors. You cease from condemnation. You cease. You cease from the law of sin and death. And you come into Christ, which is free of all condemnation, free of your carnal appetite, free of your carnal flesh, free of that old struggling nature that's trying to keep you earthbound. You have been gathered into Christ full of transforming power to make the journey back to the Garden of Eden a prepared people for a prepared city. It's already prepared. It's already waiting. It's already there. But you are already here. Prepared by the message of the hour to go to that place. You see, when the Lord himself shall descend, he's going to descend with a message that's going to gather the bride together. The prophet of God would say, "The elected seen it in Noah's time, the junction. They seen it in Moses' time, the junction. They seen it in Jesus's time, that junction, the apostles time, Luther's time, Wes's time, Pentecostal time. That was the seed that was on the earth to be watered by that water. That was the inspiration that was being poured out. But the inspiration's poured out together, the bride together. It's only those who are elected will see it. You say, "Why? Why? What makes us act so different?" There's an inspiration. God has breathed an inspiration upon this bride. We can't be the same. We can't be the same that we used to be. We can't think the same we used to think. We can't look at our trials the same way we used to think. We can't look at church the same way we used to think. We can't look at our families the same way we used to think. There has been a change. There has been an inspiration. There has been the breath of God that has been breathed upon the church of the living God that has gathered us under the word of omnipotence. Omnipotence said that all that the father hath given me, I will not lose one. Your preacher didn't say that. Lipotan said that in my name you shall cast out devils. Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Omnipotent said that we're gathered under the revelation of who is speaking in this hour. Hallelujah. You see we're loving Do I have a little bit more time? We're living in a we're living on up here to the bride age, the calling out of the church and getting it together for the rapture. The prophet again would say this is not Luther's age. This is not Pentecost age. This is the bride age. As Moses called a nation out of a nation, Christ today is calling a church out of a church. You see the same thing in type taking them to the glorious eternal promised land. Now to refuse that person that's doing the calling Christ no matter if you're Pentecostal, Methodist, Luther, Luther, whatever you are this age, nothing against them, nothing at all. But in the age now, you've got to accept the person of Christ which is the word. Now they asked this. Now, this was this was a thought on the people's mind. Amen. You find it there in the questions and answers in ' 64 and and and they were asking brother Brandham just a lot of questions. Where where do we go? Do we go to do do we stay in Jeffersonville? Do we do we go to Tucson? Do do where where you've called us out. We feel the poor. You've called us out of those denominations. You've called us out of those traditions. Where do we go, brother? They asked, now this is just one of the questions. Will will there be or or is there now a place for the bride to gather together together to live like when Moses led the children of Israel? The prophet says, I'm going to answer that question for you. It was just revealed to me. I'm going to tell you the truth. Yes, sir. There's a place for the bride together. You want to know where it's at? It's in Christ. Just gather in there. We're all together. We're all together. We're swarming together. It doesn't matter if you're in Ohio, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Africa. It doesn't matter where you're at because you're all in the same place. You're positionally placed in the gathering and that is in [Applause] Christ. Oh, praise the Lord. The prophet says, "Now the believers of this age has to believe this what he promised today. Just the same as they had to come into the ark to be saved, go out of Egypt to be saved, they have to come into Christ to be saved now into the word message that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever." How do you get into it? By baptism. Baptism of what? Water? By the Holy Ghost, one spirit. We're all baptized into this one body. And the prophet of God is telling you now, this is how you get into your gathering. This is how you get into Christ, the word message. Uh there's a power that puts you into your place. There's a power that takes you out of just being an American citizen or just being a part of some group of men or a society or denomination or a certain teaching of the message. It is the Holy Ghost. It is the power of omnipotence that places you in the word message. And when you come into the word of message, you are born of the Holy Ghost and the spirit of truth is leading and guiding you into all truth. He is revealing the very secrets of the heartbeat of God to you who are in the word [Applause] message. Hallelujah. Man didn't put you there. Persecution didn't put you there. It is the Holy Ghost. It is omnipotence. It's the power of revelation that has birthed you into reality. The prophet of God says, "When you get those believers that has been born by that revelation and you get them all together, no leaven, no unbelief anywhere. It brings the fullness of Elohim into the tent. It brings the fullness of the quickening power into the tent. It brings Elohim the fullness of deity, the fullness of the Godhead dwelling in the bride body where in the place he put his name which is Christ, the word of the hour. [Applause] Now Remember always end time message meets end time condition. As it was in the days of Sodom, as it was in the days of Noah, as it was in those junctions, so shall it be in the revealing of the son of man. Now that the prophet of God says, "Son of man, Luke 17 is going to be revealed just like he was Elohim coming to Abraham." And the prophet of God says it's Elohim. And he takes us back to Genesis 1. In the beginning, God created all things. He says now the English but God but the real meaning is Elohim. So in the beginning Elohim said let there be. Now come to John 1 where it says in the beginning was the word the word was with God. The word was God or in the beginning was Elohim and Elohim was made flesh and dwelt among us. [Applause] Now it was Elohim that came in the change of dispensation when he said, "I have needs to go by Samaria." Now there was a prostitute who had been an outcast from the rest of the religious because she was too immoral. She had five husbands and the one she was living with now was not her own husband. But Jesus was coming under at a junction. She didn't know it. She didn't realize it, but she was coming to a junction in her life. She was going to the well just like she always did. She was being laughed at just like she was always laughed at. She was had condemnation over her life just like she always had. But there was something within her that was looking for the Messiah. Amen. She was an outcast of the religious. Amen. Their societies and and their churches. But there was something that they said that stuck with her. Messiah is coming. She didn't realize the hour. She didn't realize the day. But there was something within her heart that was longing for her visitation. And when Jesus stepped on the scene and begin to talk with her and begin to discern her heart, amen, she was at a junction. The miraculous was taking place in her life. The word Elohim, the Messiah, was discerning her heart and something be to quicken within her heart. The Pharisees didn't want anything to do with him. The Sadducees didn't want anything to do with him. But here's a prostitute that was a gene seed in the back part of Elohim's mind. And Elohim [Applause] Elohim said, "I have need to go to my thought at the junction." At the changing of dispensation, he called her by name. He discerned her heart. He told her who she was. And she dropped the water pot. [Applause] She was ready to be rebuked. She was ready to be chastised. She was ready for the laws to come down on her. But at the dispensation change, grace. Grace. She didn't realize it, but she was in the presence of omnipotence. at the revelation of omnipotence. Grace was poured out over her life. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Now, the prophet of God says the same thing that happened to the woman at the well happened in Sarah. And let's take you for that journey for just a moment, and I'm closing. You see, Abram was an idoltor, but he had been called out by election, and he had been brought into a land of promise. And he had been brought into a walk with God. And the prophet of God would say, just for we're short on time, but he would say that it was Abram that he was justified in Genesis the 12th chapter. I'm quoting a prophet. Genesis the 12th chapter, Abraham was justified. Then he comes into Genesis the 15th chapter and that's where we find that Abram was sanctified. But it was in Genesis the 17th chapter that now Abram is 99 years old. He's weak. The condition he's not in Sodom. I I I want that to sink in. He's not down there in Sodom. He's not down there smoking cigarettes. He's not at a barroom. He's not being overcome by religious spirits. [Applause] Abram has been called out. So what those two messengers did for Lot down in Sodom, it would never work for Abram. [Music] Abram was another group. Abram was completely separated. Abram was waiting for a different visitation. The prophet says that it was Genesis the 17th chapter when God revealed himself as the Lord God Almighty or El Shadi. I am the Almighty God. I am El Shadi. I am your breast and mother. I am your mother. Take my breast. Take the word. Take the promise. The prophet of God says that's when Abram received the baptism of the Holy Ghost is when the strength of Elohim, the strength of Almighty God came into Abram. [Applause] The prophet of God says that's where the church received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, El Shadi, bringing life, bringing strength into the church. Amen. the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the almighty God, omnipotence coming into the church. But the prophet of God says, now notice, it was many chapters, many years that went from Genesis 12 to Genesis 15, from justification, sanctification. Many years passed from sanctification, Genesis 15 to Genesis 17. But he said, "Notice it was only just a few verses that when it went from just the baptism of the Holy Ghost, El Shadi, to a few verses later that Elohim comes, Almighty comes and says, "Your name is Abram. But I am going to give you a part of my own name." Abraham, Abram, you are going to no longer be Abram. You are going to be Abraham. The prophet of God said that's where Abraham was adopted. He was positionally placed when his name was changed. And the prophet says that's where the adoption took place in the church. It's when he no longer calls you church. He calls you bride. It's at the dispensation change that Elohim comes down and appears in human flesh in the junction in the dispensation change. He says, "I'm not going to just call you the call out. I'm going to call you my bride. You are coming into an invisible union, a marriage of the lamb. Rejoice for the marriage of the lamb is come. The junction, the change, no longer Abram, but Abraham. No longer Sarah, but Sarah. Now, Abraham is still a 99y old man, but there's a difference. There's been a change. His testimonyy's changed. Are you with me? His testimony changed. Don't call me Abram any longer. Call me Abraham. Don't you call me Naughty any longer. Don't you call me some lukewarm church member any longer. Don't you call me just church. There's a separation. There's an identity that has taken place. I have taken omnipotence. I have taken part of his name. [Applause] You know when Eve was separated from Adam, she her name was Adam. Her position wasn't Adam. Who am I? Where did I come from? You come from me. You come from a side. You are bone on my bone. Your flesh of my flesh. You are Adam. In the dispensation change, there's been churches, churches, brides. But there's coming one coming one that has entered into an invisible union. She's come into identification where Elohim has given her a part of his own name, Mrs. Jesus Christ. William Brandham didn't do that. The preacher didn't do that. Elohim did that. You're predestinated unto this adoption. Now, I'm closing. I'm really really trying to Well, you would think that it's all done and gone, right? No. No. Because we go on to Revelations the or Genesis the 18th chapter and we find that g that Abraham is thinking on his new name. He's thinking on his new identity. He's thinking on his position. He's thinking, but he's looking at his condition. I'm old. You know where I'm at. End time message meets end time conditions. He's over there under an authority to say that I am Mrs. Jesus Christ. But he's still wondering about his condition. He's still wondering about the human element. But he looks coming down the road and there is three but he doesn't see three. What do you see? I'm beside myself. What do you see when you come to the end of the road? When you come and see Elohim walking down the road. Do you see three? Do you see Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? I I'm going to hit it now. I'm just going to say it and move on. We're in a different dispensation than the Holy Ghost dispensation. The dispensation of the Holy Ghost was for seven church ages. But between the son, the son of God dispensation and the son of David dispensation in the millennium, it turns back to Elohim. Son of man, what do you see when you look at the dispensation change? I see Elohim, my Lord. [Applause] The one who gave me the promise, the one who called me out of the world, the one who placed me, the one who's filled me is now here. What's he going to do? He didn't come and say Abram. He said, "Abraham, Elohim, coming with the word of omnipotence and said,"Abraham, Abraham." And he's saying there, "Elohim in flesh." But now he's saying, "Where is Sarah?" Now Sarai, Sarah. Just a few days before it was Abram and Sarai. But now under the change. [Applause] No longer are you even at the junction. You've already made the change. You've already stepped into the revelation of omnipotence speaking over your life. And under that revelation, he says, Abraham, Sarah, you'll ne you say, "What are you what are you getting?" Let me tell you this. You'll never listen to this message and hear that you're just a church member. You'll never hear this message and it'll place you under Leosa. You'll never hear this message and you're just some lukewarm hotbed plant. When you are listening to the message of the hour, you are hearing the voice of omnipotence speaking your true identity. You are hearing Mrs. Jesus Christ. misses Jesus Christ. You're pregnantated with his life. You're sealed into the day of redemption. You have adoption authority by the name of Jesus [Music] [Applause] Christ. Sarah, why did Sarah laugh? Cuz see, Sarah was having a little bit of a problem still. Her name was changed, but she was still having a problem seeing that she's a part of that. But Elohim said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" He didn't say, "Sarai." He didn't say, "I I I detect a little bit of unbelief in her, and why is she laughing?" And no, he didn't say, "I made a mistake." Said, "No, he still called her by a true identity. Sarah, the prophet of God, says God Elohim would have killed her right there for disbelieving it, but she was a part of Abraham. We have been ripening under this message. Are you still with me? I'm closing. I really am. Thank you for your patience. We have been ripening under this message, the sen light for 50 plus years. And still there's sometimes in your flesh you're wandering, but God comes right down for the voice of his word, for the voice of Elohim. So many times we think, "Oh, if I was only in the prophets, if I was only there in the message, if I if I could only hear him say you live, your name is so and so and and you you you live on certain certain street." I I I that's wonderful. I I think it's it's the Messiah sign. But let me tell you something greater than that. is when the voice of Elohim is speaking through a vindicated message in this hour and you're hearing your name that has been sealed up under those seals that men could not preach your name because it was sealed up. Could not preach a rapture revelation. Could not tie you in with the revealed message of the hour. Could not place you in Christ because it was a sealed book. But under the change, Elohim is speaking through a vindicated message right here in 2025. And he's speaking your name. He's speaking your name. And your address is not is not, you know, there in Ohio or Oklahoma or South Carolina. Your address is heaven. It's another gathering. It's a different gathering. You've left the old ages. You've left the old traditions. You left the the Sabbaths and the new moons. You've come into an eternal age. And only Elohim could speak a message that would meet endtime conditions in 2025 and tell you everything you need for the body change is already in you. [Applause] The Bible says that Enoch was 65 years old and then all of a sudden there was a change. And the Bible says that he walked with God for 300 years. Something changed. You see, Enoch didn't wake up. Enoch is the seventh from Adam. It's a type of you and I. It's the rapture saints. is the translated saints. Enoch didn't wake up every morning and say, "I hope I'm going to make it. I I I hope if the Lord comes today that I've got what it takes to be translated." No. He had already made the change. All Enoch was doing is just walking with God. He already pleased God. He already had a testimony that he had pleased God, covered by the blood, testifying of his adoption, testifying of who he is in Christ. And all the sudden, the Bible just simply says that Enoch was not for God took him. It was just another day. It was just another condition. It was just another situation that arose. It was just another something at work or another something at at home. just another condition, another situation. But Elohim had already met the condition. Elohim had already changed something within his soul. Are you listening to me, bride? Elohim's already dealt with you. He's already changed you. He's already quickened you. He's already given you the power of resurrection. The same spirit that raised Christ from the dead has already quickened you to immortal life. It's another order. It's another It's another dispensation. [Applause] I'm just walking with God and all the sudden all of the sudden another condition just another situation. Burnt the eggs at breakfast. Made the boss mad for some odd reason. Another kind of a sickness. another something to try to discourage you. But the change, you've you've made the change. You've turned the corner. The denominations have already went on. And a modern-day Billy Graham and or Roberts has already met that condition. That condition is homosexuality, immoral living, and all the filth and of the world. But you see, Elohim was not sent for them. Elohim was sent to that called out group that his name was changed from Abram to Abraham. And Elohim was there to meet the condition. Oh Abraham, I've come to visit you according to the time of life. And Abraham says, "Be it unto me according to thy promise." I tell you friends, we are preaching a blood covenant under a new order. It's not an order of laws. It's not an order of the old Aaron and priesthood, but this is the order of Melzdc. It's an order of an endless life, a five-fold ministry under the order of the power of Melzdc speaking of blood over the church saying, "You're ready. You're ready. You're ready. You're ready. You're not going to be. You're ready, son. We're not trying to make the rapture. I am the rapture. I'm not trying to be a word bride. I am the word bride. [Applause] Under this order, under this headship, she is him. It's the word bride of the word groom. It is the brideg of Christ. But we've got to change it now because we've got a new confession under this order. It's not she is him, but it's I am him. [Applause] No longer is it just my brother. No longer is it just my sister. It's me. I am him. I am the word bride of the word groom. But if you have a different confession, you've got the wrong revelation. I will be him someday. I will be the word bride of the word groom someday. The wrong ministry. The wrong revelation. It must be present tense. I am the word bride. I am Mrs. Jesus Christ. I am in the rapture. I am gathered under translation faith. Let the musicians [Applause] [Music] [Applause] come. I am I am predestinated to this adoption. I am predestinated to this adoption authority. The devil is under my feet. Not someday, now. There was a power that has placed me within this bride. And I am bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, revelation of his revelation. Every revelation that spoke of the bridegroom speaks of the bride. I am invincible. I cannot fail. I am everything that he is made flesh in this age. I've been gathered by the word of his power. relationship. Father, we love you. We thank you, Father. We thank you for this great revelation. We thank you for gathering us together. We thank you, Lord, that you have ushered us into eternity right now. We don't have to look at our faults, our weaknesses, but Lord, there's a power that has been placed within our lives that we have dominion over this flesh. We have dominion over our feelings, our emotions, our conscience, our reasoning, sensations, what we hear, how we feel, what we see. We have dominion over those things. The devil tries to come and anoint those things to tell us that we're not really there. It's not meant for us. But Lord Jesus, when we listen to this message, we are listening to the words of omnipotence. We are not feeding upon a man, a man. His words will fail. But only omnipotence can place this bride. And Lord Jesus, this message has been vindicated. It has been vindicated greater than any message in the history of the world. It's a Joshua ministry. It's the Holy Ghost placing us in this message, showing us our true identity and what belongs to us. The inheritance that Adam lost has been placed in the hands of the bride by the claiming work of our kinsman redeemer. Lord Jesus, we give you praise. Lord, I I pray, Father, that through these words and this preaching that in the hearts of the people, if there was ever a question, I pray that there would be a change. I pray, God, that every person in this in this under this tent that there would be such a change. Father, that they wouldn't speak negative over their lives any longer. They wouldn't speak of their condition and think negatively any longer. But father, let them realize, Lord, that whenever they play the message or they hear their pastor or an evangelist and the teacher and so on, they're preaching the uncarchable riches of Christ through the message of the hour. Lord, it has placed them right back under that tent. And they have they have a choice to wonder how they're going to fulfill it, wonder how it could ever be them. Or they could go ahead and step up to the challenge and say, "That's me. I I I heard the voice of Elohim. I heard the message of the hour, meet my condition." That I'm an invincible an invincible bride, an invincible army. the kingdom of God, his word made power in my life. It's it's it's an unmovable force. It's everything that we've been waiting for at the end of the ages. Father, I pray that everyone at the sound of my voice would just go ahead and step up and say, "That's who I am. I heard my name. I heard omnipotence speak my name. I've been gathered out of those traditions. have been gathered out of all of those, the new moons and the feast days and the traditions and the old Sabbaths. But just as Jesus Christ was raised again on the eighth day or the first day of the week, so this bride has been gathered under the quickening power of the revelation of Jesus Christ in the eighth day. transforming power, something to take us out of just a tradition to a life to a walk with you. Oh God, we praise you for it. I pray, Father, that there would be something within every heart to just receive it. Just receive it. As Elohim said, I've come to visit you according to the time of life. You've been waiting for the promised son. And Lord Jesus, this bride has been waiting for the this promised son for many ages now. But we are living in the change. And the last thing to change is the change of our bodies. And all the sudden just because they heard the voice of omnipotence saying that I know your name. I know who you are and I've come to meet you. I've come to manifest that promised son. Then all the sudden change their bodies changed. Oh Lord Jesus, is there anything too hard for Elohim? Is there anything too hard for the omnipotent voice of revelation that is speaking to the bride of Jesus Christ in this age? Oh, Father, I just want to join my my voice and my heart with these believers and say, "Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe it. I believe it's for me. I believe I'm missing Jesus Christ. I believe we're walking in in in with translation faith. We've got everything we have need of for it, Lord. We've all we've already been made perfect by the blood of Jesus Christ. We're already been made perfect by a mature word that that has brought us up to this point in history where we've come to a mature position in Christ. Lord Jesus, come for your bride. We're ready for you, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen with a shout. power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Though saints are raing, we will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Give me your hand. Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our iny will crumble at our feet. Whatever we find on earth shall be bound in heaven bound out the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan raes. We will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. One day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take a step into my theophony. One day I'm going that final step is going set me free. My theophony I hear it call me is call to come up little higher into the perfect world. Oh come up little higher into the you got love. Oh, come up higher. Soaring through the heavenlies, my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. Oh, don't you worry, little children. Should death knock on your door. Don't you know that death is a doorway that will lead to the heavenly shore? And over there is no heartache, no sorrow free for pain, just perfect love, peace and joy on compared. And it's called come up little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come up little higher into the agape love. Oh, come up little higher. Soaring through the heavenlies, my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. I love this. Well, over the next hill I look. Oh, and I see victory around the next curve in the road. Oh, devil. He's got to flee. God's army is marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next earth. I see Jesus coming for me. Oh, and he's calling. Come up little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come up little higher into with me love. Oh, come up little higher. Soaring through the heavenlies, my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. Can we do that last verse again? Well, over the next hill I look and I see victory around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got to flee cuz God is marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next hill. I see Jesus coming for me. And he's calling. Come up little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come up, little higher into me. You got me, love. Oh, come up little higher. Soaring through the heavenlies, my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. The last lines, my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. How about it tonight? This morning. Hallelujah. What can we say about the message this morning? Were you blessed by it? Amen. Amen. There's a few announcements they want me to announce before we let y'all be uh dismissed. Anyone that is parked in the field back here, um, and if you're planning on staying all day, they want you to move your vehicles a couple hours before service tonight. Um, and they're planning on reparking everybody. As you can tell, it's starting to rain. Um, so they're wanting everyone to get ready for the weather tonight and also service will be at 6:00 uh tonight. So, how many's going to come under expectation tonight? Amen. Brother Kzer, would you mind coming and dismissing us in a word of prayer? Dearious Father, we thank you for the word today. How tremendous, Lord. God, your word was to us today, God. bringing that realization, Lord. God, reminding us of this truth, Lord, in this hour, God is not to keep us here, but to get us out of here. Father, we thank you, Lord, that the way has been made, Lord. Let us walk out of here, Lord, to rejoicing, thanking you for the the total deliverance that you brought us, Lord, in this hour. God, we look forward to what you have in store for us, God. I pray that you bless the remainder of the day, the food, and fellowship today, God. May we, God, just be with high expectation, Lord. looking for that minute that Lord we'd be changed in our bodies Lord and walking with you Lord into the glories of the Lord. Bless your people in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless you now you're dismissed. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home. and I when the redeemed are gathering here in I will raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh when the redeemed are gathering in, oh wash like [Music] snow and free from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing with the redeemed are gathering. There will be a great procession over on the streets of gold when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what music, oh singing, or the city
