################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Pastor Shawn Martin The Power of Resurrection - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "The Power of Resurrection"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Easter Program
Duration: 2h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aTc8ga6zUQ
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hello [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] My God is real for he has washed. He's made me whole. His love for me is like your gold. My God is real for I can't feel him in my soul. There are some things I may not know. There are some places that I won't go, but I am sure of this one thing. My God is real, for I can feel him in my soul. Can we stand and sing it now? Oh my God is real. He's real in my [Music] soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. His love for [Music] me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Some folks may doubt. Some folks may scorn or can go on and leave me alone. but ask for me. Oh, I'll take God's part. And God is real for I can feel him in my heart. Oh my God is real. Do you believe him to be real this morning? He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Oh my God is real. Yes, he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel. My God is real for I can't feel. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Amen. Are you glad he's alive and well this morning? Amen. I want to say happy Easter to everyone this morning. It is good to see everyone. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Amos to dedicate the service. Heavenly Father God, Lord, we certainly deem it a great privilege, Lord, that we're not the children of death. no longer languishing in death of sin and corruption. Oh God, but we've been raised together with you, Father God. The newness of life, Lord, the death battle is over, dear God, that once reigned in our bodies and in our soul, dear God, we've been raised to life. And we thank you for it because of that great resurrection morning. We now have that portion within us, God. We pray your blessing over the service this morning. Dear God, may we not take it for granted, but may we take it very seriously, Lord, as you're the special featured guest among us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. For he walks with me and he talks with me along life's narrow way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know. He lives. He lives within my heart. For I serve a risen savior. He's in the world today. I know that he is living. Whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him, he's always near. He He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. Oh, he walks with me and he talks with me along life's narrow way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows weery, I will never will despair. I know that he is leading through all the stormy blast. The day of his appearing. It's here at last. Oh, he lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. Oh, he walks with me and he talks with me. A long life last narrow away. He lives. Yes, he lives. Salvation to part. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Oh, rejoice, rejoice, oh Christian. Lift up your voice and sing. [Music] Eternal hallelujah to Jesus Christ the King. The hope of all who seek can the help of all who find. None other is so loving, so good and kind. He lives. Oh, he lives. Christ Jesus lives today. Oh, he walks with me. He talks with me. A long last way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to and part. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Oh, he lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. Oh, he walks with me. He talks with me. A long last narrow narrow way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Amen. Are you glad he's living in your heart today? Amen. Brother Timless. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify this life within me. Christ I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer [Laughter] lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testifies this life within me. Christ I know my redeemer lives. Who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Those words alone can catch a falling star. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer he lives. All of creation testifies. Oh, this life within me cries. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit. He runs to the weary, the worn, and the [Music] weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. Will I know my redeemer lives? Do you believe that this morning? My redeemer lives. Let all of creation testify for this life within me. Christ I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that stands things in orbit. Oh, he runs to the weary, the worn, and the weak. [Music] and the shame. Gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me victory. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Yes, I know my redeemer. He lives. All of creation testifies this life within me. Cries, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all of creation. Oh, this life within me. I know. Can we sing that again with no music? Oh, I know. Redeemer. Oh yes, I know. Oh, thank you Lord. [Music] Testify this life within me. Christ I know my redeemer live. Oh I know he's alive and well. I know my redeemer lives all of creation. It testifies this life within me. Christ, I know my redeemer lives. Can you give the Lord another praise offering? Amen. And he's no longer buried, but he lives in our hearts this morning. Amen. Can we sing one more song before we go on a prayer request? What a beautiful name it is. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You were the word at the beginning. One with God the Lord most high. [Music] Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of [Applause] Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. [Music] My sin was great. Your love was greater. Why could separate us now? What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. I like this. Death could not hold you. The veil torn before you. You silence the boast of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring the praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. And you have no rival. And you have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a powerful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of [Music] Jesus. As they would just play softly. Uh we uh there's a praise report from brother Amos. Um it says u we want to praise the Lord for the safe uh rescue of our of the pastor uh that was captured in Africa. I believe he's a Baptist pastor and uh he was captured over there. The story is pretty pretty amazing. Um but um Amen. and we thank the Lord for bringing them back safely. Amen. Unharmed. But we want to make uh a few prayer requests known tonight this morning. Uh of course we want to remember all those who aren't feeling well, who's been sick under the weather. Amen. And um we also want to pray for brother Farmer's son-in-law, his son-in-law had passed away. So we want to keep that family in our prayers. Amen. Um, Uncle Jonathan, uh, he's there in Africa, uh, ministering there to the believers there. Amen. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would come and lead us this morning. Amen. We want to uh remember our pastor that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. [Music] Bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful, Lord, to be here this morning. Lord, it's a great day to be a Christian, Father. We already feel your presence in the room, Father. We're just grateful for your death, burial, resurrection, Lord. Like brother Amos said, Lord, it just gives a portion of you in our lives, all of you, and all of us, Father. And we're so grateful for it, Lord. And thankful for what's going to take place in this service this morning, Lord. That you'll speak to our hearts, Lord. Our ears and eyes are open to hear from you this morning, Father. And that you'll take these requests, Lord. brother farmers, Lord, son-in-law, uh we just ask that you'll be within the families or loss, Lord. And uh the sickness, Lord, that throughout the lands, Father, we we deal with it every day, Father. We just ask that you'll be with each and every one of them, Lord. And we are so thankful for this day that you give us, Lord. We give everything into thine hands, Lord. And we ask you to have your way, Father. We want to entertain you, Lord. We want to wash your feet this morning, Father. We don't want to leave you in the back room, Father. We want you up front on display, Father. We so grateful for what's going to take place as you bless our pastor, Lord, as he studies the word of God, Lord, to bring forth to us, Lord. We just thankful for this thing that you're doing for us, Lord, and all that you do in our lives, Father. We give it into thine hands, Lord. Give us service into thine hands as bless the musicians as well, Lord, as they're playing, Father. We love and appreciate you and ask that you'll accept their praise and worship in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Beautiful name. It is the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is the name. You can be seated as brother Doug comes. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ is my king. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. [Music] I was saying about how beautiful the bride is. You know, a lot of people, the world can't recognize it, but I'm glad I recognize it. And people, I remember years ago, I was in a hospital one time and this black guy come by and preacher said, "Uh, where do you go if you die?" I said, "Right now, I go to hell." and and he started testifying to me and I appreciate that. But he just think about how beautiful Christian people are. [Music] I'm certainly glad to be he me right in the middle of and I appreciate it. When she speaks, everybody knows she's different. Yes, sir. for she has only could to save for her all. And through the region she is waiting from the world separate and she's ready now to hear her bridegroom call. [Music] And what a beautiful bride God has chosen. She's made ready and she's ro in his righteousness. She's faithful to the father. She has eyes for no other. And what a beautiful bride she is. [Music] Folks may laugh and call her oldfashioned, but Satan's eating has no claim on her soul. And they don't understand. She holds a key in her hand. And when she's gone, this modern world will be no more. Find what a beautiful bride God has chosen. She's made ready and she rose. In his righteousness, she's faithful to the father. She has eyes for no other. And what a beautiful bride she is. And what a beautiful bride she is. Hallelujah. [Music] Redeem. How I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy. his child and forever I am redeemed. Redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeem, redeemed, his child. And forever I am redeemed and so happy. And you as no language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me death does death continually dwell. Sister hope comes redeemed. Redeemed redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeemed. his child and forever I am. Amen. Are you glad you've been redeemed? Amen. Amen. I've never sung this before in church, so please pray for me. The storm they were facing was fearful. The ships seemed so small in the waves and the wind just kept blowing harder and yet they were all still so safe. From out of the dark he came walking. He had never lost them from view. He can see through the darkest of trles. He just wanted them to see it, too. That you'll never be filled till you're empty. Until you're broken, you'll never be whole. Until the potter has tried your vessel with fire, you'll never come forth as pure gold. I didn't know how much he loved me until I'd passed through the storm and looked back. I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed until he was all that I had. [Music] Sometimes the storm that you're facing may seem like your whole world has changed and the fire just keeps getting hotter. As the potterer, he's shaping the clay. Friends, Jesus knows what he's doing. Even though it causes you pain, he just wants us to know the lessons he show. His word remains the same. That you'll never be filled till you're empty. Until you're broken, you'll never be whole. Until the potter has tried your vessel with fire, you'll never come forth this pure gold. I didn't know how much he loved me until I passed through the storm, then look back. I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed. Until he was all that I had. Sometimes the storm that you're facing may seem like your whole world has changed and the fire just keeps getting hotter as the parter he's shaping the clay. Friends, Jesus knows what he is doing. Even though it causes you pain, he just wants you to know the lessons he shows. His word remains the same. That you'll never be filled till you're empty. Until you're broken, you'll never be whole. Until the potter has tried your vessel with fire, you'll never come forth as pure gold. I didn't know how much you love me until I passed through the storm and look back. I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed. Until he was all that I had. I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed until he was all that I had. [Music] [Music] you Jesus for the blood of Thank you Jesus, it has washed me white. Thank you Jesus, you have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. I was rich. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The breach was far too wide. But for the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divine. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had [Music] hope. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious [Applause] light. Now you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for 3 days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no sting and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. I love this. Oh, you took my place, laid aside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no sting, and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into ghost. Can we stand to our feet and sing it again? Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Oh, thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Amen. Are you thankful for the blood this morning? Amen. As we invite our pastor to come because he lives. Because he lives. [Music] I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. [Music] Because he [Music] lives, all fear is gone. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] He knows the future and life is worth a living just because he lives. Sing it once again. Oh, because he lives. Hallelujah. [Music] tomorrow because he lives. Aren't you glad he lives? All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. And life is worth living just because he [Music] lives. Amen. and so glad that we have that assurance that he lives. And because he lives, we live. Amen. We can face tomorrow, face the future. Amen. We're so glad for that. Amen. What a beautiful day it is to serve the Lord and um to honor the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Amen. and um uh trust everybody's doing well. Amen. And come to worship the Lord. Amen. The musicians can be dismissed. Um if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Luke, the 21st chapter. And it's good to have Dad and Mom here with us this morning. And Amen. And um we've just enjoyed having them there at the house. And praise the Lord. So good to be a Christian, huh? Amen. Praise the Lord. Um maybe before we go into the word, we could just bow our heads and just talk to the Lord. Precious Father, Lord, we're so glad that you are alive and well, Father, and that you reign. You're supreme God, Father. You're you're not defeated. You've proven by the resurrection that you're not defeated, Lord. And you've conquered every enemy. And Father, we're just asking that you would come among us this morning and that you would speak to our hearts, Father, and let this resurrection, let it be more uh real to us than ever before. I pray, Father, that you would just in your special way, that you would touch every heart, those that may be sick, discouraged, needing a closer walk with you or just needing deliverance or whatever it would be, Father, that you would just meet the needs today. We ask it, Father, and we love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. So uh Luke uh 21 and um start at the 25th verse. And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars and upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity with uh the sea and the waves roaring. men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth. For the powers of heaven shall be shaken. And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory. And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, lift up your heads, for your redemption draweth nigh. Amen. And you can be seated this morning. And um this uh scripture may seem a little different uh for an Easter uh service, but uh for those of us that [Music] uh well, we we should all here this morning u have an understanding of what that means to us. All right. But Easter, you know, of course speaks of resurrection and um Webster Web Webster Yeah. defines Easter as being a a feast that commemorates Christ's resurrection. And that's that's what it is. We we've come together to because of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, we believe that Christ rose. How many believes that? Amen. And um and so um that event happened, you know, 2,000 years ago. And yet it is sacred to us. It's a um we hold it dear. It's uh I don't I don't think that the the resurrection of Christ will ever lose its value to to the believer. Brother Brandham said it was the it's the greatest event that ever happened in the world was the resurrection. And so, uh, the resurrection has a a a meaning to us. And, um, uh, of times maybe we don't understand, you know, what it took to bring an Easter. And uh but yet the the prophet said it took a Gethsemane to make an Easter. It took a Calvary. It it took death uh to to make an Easter. It it was um um uh a time of ugliness and sorrow and loneliness and whatever uh to make an Easter. But the prophet said Christ was great in his death. And u uh but if he only died and never rose again, then he was just another man that died. Ain't that right? Uh uh so we're saying that he's not just another man. Uh and and I believe it was Paul that says that uh he was proven to be the son of God by the resurrection. He healed. He he um uh set free the captive. He turned water into wine. He walked on the water. He he done all of these things. He made a lot of claims, but uh the resurrection proved it. Can you say amen? So Easter is a victory. Easter was a victory. That resurrection morning was a a a victory and and we we know it. Brother Rams talked about it. You've heard it many time, but many men have made claims, great claims, great men, great scholars, great teachers, and and all of these things. Uh they've made claims, but when they went into the grave, they stayed in the grave. uh you know there's that uh con confus I believe it is and and there's uh Muhammad and and uh there there's all all kinds of of uh um uh leaders and and they have their followers even yet today and uh brother Bram talking of that one uh uh that that uh the leaders you know or their followers um his his followers you know bring a horse uh a white horse to the grave and and uh because they're expecting him to rise and well, they've all made claims of these things, but we don't have to wait. Amen. Uh because we're saying that our Lord has risen. Amen. We're not gathered at a grave. We're not gathered at a tomb. We believe he is risen. Can you say amen? And so we we've been able to have this Easter memorial for 2,000 years uh uh as a declaration that uh uh Christ was risen. Jesus was only in the grave for three days. And um so of of of course the the critics, you know, they want proof of his resurrection. And I think that's the way it is. I I think if we're going to say something about something, then then you got to have proof. And and there ain't nothing wrong with the world seeking proof that he is risen. And uh and so uh they they're they're wanting proof. And you know, uh the the the church says, "Well, he is risen uh because he lives in my heart." And and that's that's good. That's that's fine. But uh uh you know, brother Random says, "But you know uh if if you talk to the uh uh the others, Muhammad's and and all these others, they say, "Well, we've got him in our heart, too." And and so um uh then then it it's that that's not what we're talking about. We got to have greater proof than just saying, "He's in my heart." Amen. There's a lot of folks saying that that Jesus is in their heart and and and all of these things. Uh but I believe that we have proof and and more proof than just saying uh that he's in our hearts or uh that I feel him and because you can feel a lot of things and uh uh that that ain't proof. See, so we don't have to we don't have to talk uh just talk about an empty tomb. We don't have to take people to the Holy Land and show them uh an empty grave. Uh we don't have to have an Easter play uh each year uh to try to convince people that he is risen. Can you say amen? Amen. I' I've thought of, you know, the two men that walked the road to Emmas and, you know, they had heard that the grave was empty. They they had heard that the tomb uh uh uh uh the that the stone had been rolled away and that they they couldn't find the body. Amen. And and so they're walking on the road to Emmas. Amen. With this thought in mind that, you know, they can't find, you know, the the the body and and these things. And and they had heard about the angels appearing to the women uh there at the tomb. and and they called it uh uh the vision, a vision of angels that they saw. And so they they knew that some of the disciples that were with them uh went to the grave and found it as the women had said. Amen. But but it still wasn't proof that he had risen because nobody had seen him. Amen. And and so they had heard that all these things of the the grave empty and they can't find the body and and uh the angels had visited and and yet after hearing all of these things, they're still sad. They're walking the road to to Emmas uh uh sad and downcast. And so that that would tell us that just talking about an empty tomb does not convince people of the resurrection. Amen. Just uh hearing about the resurrection does not convince people that Jesus is alive. Ain't that right? Then we must have a greater proof that Jesus Christ is truly living today. The Bible says that Peter himself ran unto the scepter uh uh and and stooping down he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves and departed wandering in himself at that which was come to pass. See, so he was there. He went in he he went to the grave and he saw exactly what had been told him. The body's gone and the stones rode away. Amen. And yet he he he left perplexed. He left more confused than he uh uh uh than than than before, you know. And so, in other words, he he hadn't been convinced yet that Christ had risen. He didn't know what had happened. You understand? See? So uh uh but but the Bible says that Jesus appeared to the men on the road to Emmas and and yet even though they they're looking at his is a at him they just see a man that has come. They just think it's a stranger that they're talking to. And uh because the Bible says their eyes were withholden that they should not know him. Ain't that right? And so while they're talking to him and and visiting with him, walking with him, they were still sad and gloomy and and downcast. Ain't that right? And and they're talking to him of what had been. They're telling him all of the events uh that had happened and everything was in past tense and past times and and all of that, but they didn't know. They didn't know that they were walking with the risen Christ himself. Amen. See, and and you know sometimes uh uh uh people talk about their problems and worry about the events that have taken in their life place in their life or taken place and it's as though Jesus Christ really isn't risen and and yet he could be among them and not even and them not even know. Amen. That they're walking with the resurrected Messiah today. Amen. But the Bible says when he broke bread, Amen. He done something. Amen. And he broke bread and their eyes were opened and they knew him. And they they saw him for the first time. Amen. Not just hearing about an empty tomb. Not just hearing about angels of a visitation of angels. Amen. But they saw him. Amen. Amen. Just hearing about it, Amen. left him still gloomy. But they saw him and they went talking about his resurrection. not talking about what happened of yesterday and we have thought and and gathering together and in doom and gloom and and downcast, but now they had seen him and there they they were convinced that he had risen and they went to go tell amen about his resurrection. Can you say amen? So this is why we are talking about his resurrection. Amen. We're not talking about it because we know that the grave is empty. We're not talking about it because someone has told us that his body isn't there. We're not talking about the resurrection from an intellectual standpoint. We have seen him. How many believes that? Amen. I hope you have seen him. We have seen him. And so we we we uh uh you know, people want to see him alive. Amen. And if you're going to talk about a resurrection, you want to see the the man that you say rose, you want to see him alive. Amen. And uh you know uh that Muhammad uh told uh uh I I don't know maybe Dr. Read, I don't know, but uh he says, "Let me see you uh people produce or reproduce and prove the resurrection of Christ by his life living in the church." Can you say amen? as as he said he would do. Then I'll believe your Christ rose from the dead. Amen. So let me see him living. Let me see him living and then I'll be convinced that he has risen from the dead. Don't show me just an empty tomb. Don't just talk about an empty grave and and and all of these things of of of you know uh uh cuz we're we're not talking we're not here discussing amen theology and my opinion versus your opinion and all that. Amen. I want proof. Can you say amen? Amen. I believe we are living in the day where we can see him. Amen. In I in Isaiah uh 45:22, God said, "Look unto me and be saved, all ye ends of the earth, for I am God and there is none else." Amen. So if we are to look uh unto him, then then we can see him, amen, and and know that he is alive. Amen. Don't have to go tour the Holy Land, amen, to know he's alive. We can see him, Amen, today. Amen. Ain't that right? See, and so it's it's at the ends of the earth and and uh um that the revelation of Jesus Christ is made known. Amen. So that all who look can be saved. Amen. So uh uh but as as we know we don't have to uh to see Jesus in the physical body that he lived in uh while he walked the earth to know that he's alive. Amen. um uh you know I I know people cannot uh maybe understand that uh they're and and and maybe it's because they haven't listened to the the prophets um you know uh that God has sent down through the ages. U you know brother said that's why the Pharisees didn't see Jesus. Amen. When Jesus walked the earth they didn't recognize him. They didn't know that he was God. They didn't know that he was the promised messiah is because they never listened to the prophets. Amen. That had foretold of him. Amen. See? Amen. But the Old Testament believers, the prophets said they had an understanding through the word of the Lord by the prophets. Can you say amen? And I think that's where we're at today. We want to see him, but first we want to have an understanding. Amen. and the of him an understanding of who he is today, what he is today, where he is today. And that understanding cannot take place, Amen. outside the prophet. Can you say amen? Through the word of the Lord, by the prophets. Amen. So by the prophet of Malachiah 4, then we understand that we are not to look for the physical body of Jesus Christ. And it's not saying that we don't believe in the literal coming and the uh the physical body, but he never promised to to to come on the earth. Amen. At the time of rapture uh in his physical body. The Bible says we will meet the Lord in the air. Amen. So we don't do away with this physical body. Amen. We're going to see him. But but you've got to put it with the scriptures. So Jesus uh the prophet said Jesus never puts his feet on the earth until the church has been raptured and took home and the wedding supper's over in heaven. Then he returns back after the Jewish remnant. Can you say amen? So then we are not to look for nail scars. We're we're not to look for u you know uh the scars from the uh uh the the the in his head from the thorns being placed upon him. And that that's not what we're looking for. That's not proof that he has risen. Amen. You could see a man if a man walked in today and and he's got nail scarred hands and and he's got uh uh uh he's got, you know, scars in his side and uh from being pierced or or whatever, that's still not proof that is Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? Because it's never promised that that's way. It's it's not promised. That's how he would come in in this in this coming. Amen. See, so if you saw that, it's not proof. See, that's what Satan wants us to believe. He wants us to get some idea that we're looking for a a a physical body, a a a physical thing. uh uh and you know and and so we're we're the world's looking for a a uh uh uh uh well his corporal body. But to see Jesus alive, we must look for his life being displayed. Can you say amen? If he's alive, then his life is being displayed somewhere. Amen. If if he says look unto me and be saved, then his life is being displayed somewhere to show that he is God, that he is the one, amen, that has risen. You see, the life declares him. God is a person with the personality. Amen. He has his own nature, his own characteristics, his own attributes. Amen. his uh his own power, his own attitude and and all of these things. And Jesus Christ was none other than God made flesh, right? Amen. Not the second person in the Godhead. He was the only person. Amen. In in the Godhead, he was God made flesh. Amen. The prophet taught us that he was the human tabernacle that God lived in. He was the body of God. Acts 7:48 says, "How be it, the Most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands, as saith the prophet." See, then Paul picks this up in Hebrew, saying, "But a body thou hast prepared me." Ain't that right? A body thou hast prepared me. God being a spirit and and yet he would create himself a body that all the fullness of the godhead could dwell in that body and then the body would declare God. Amen. Upon the earth, the life of God living in that body, amen, and the body declaring the life of God. Brother Bram said, "See, it's a body that God could dwell in, God can walk in, God can see in, God can talk in, God can work in." Ain't that right? Amen. See, you knew that God was among men. Amen. When when Jesus was there, Amen. For they even says, "Uh, we know that thou come from God, for no man can do the things that thou doest. We know that something's different about you." Amen. Why? because it was a life that was being declared. Amen. It wasn't It was more than just human life. It was more than just whatever. It was the life of God. Amen. Declared in that body. Amen. 1 Timothy 3:16. And without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh. Do you believe that? 2 Corinthians 5:19, God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. John 1:18, no man has seen God at any time, but the only begotten son, the body of God. See, the only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him. Ain't that right? See? Amen. Jesus says, "He that has seen me hath seen the father." Amen. Jesus didn't even come in his own name. He came in the father's name. A ain't that right? Yes, sir. See, so the the body of Jesus declared the life of God. Amen. That body declared the person of God, the attitude of God, the power of God. It made known the characteristics of God. It made known God uh in in uh in in every way. Ain't that right? Amen. See? And so, uh, what was it that they seen, the people seen, uh, the life of God flowing through him, that body, ain't that right? Amen. Now, we know, Amen. that, uh, uh, uh, if a person changes bodies, it doesn't change who he is. Amen. Death doesn't change who you are. Death doesn't annihilate who you are. It does not annihilate you. Amen. Now, now you may leave that body and your body is just a corpse. It ain't it ain't doing anything. But that doesn't mean that you stopped existing. It means that you went into another body. Can you say amen? That's right. See, and so the body is only just the the tabernacle. Amen. Uh uh you are what you are in your soul. Amen. And your body declares your attributes and your nature and your character and and all of these things and and and and there's a lot of things that can happen to this body. Amen. But down in that soul is what you are. So your body declares your existence. Can you say amen? I know you're you're here this morning because your body's here this morning. And not only that, but your body is moving. And I'm not moving your body. Someone else ain't moving your body. You are living in your body. And so your your body is is is uh under control. Amen. By your life, your nature. See? Amen. So your body declares, Amen. that you are here right now in this room. Can you say amen? I may not see you. Amen. But I see your body. Amen. You don't see me, but I see your body. Or you see my body. Amen. So we have fellowship one with another. Amen. Through the body. Ain't that right? See, and so death doesn't change who we are. It only changes our dwelling place. This is why Paul in 2 Corinthians 5:1 says, "For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved," in other words, if this body, Amen, were to turn back unto dust and and or ashes or whatever, if is dissolved, we have a building of God, a body. Can you say amen? A house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. See? So, so there is a body. How many believes that? Amen. Brother Brandham taught us you've got a body that is waiting for you. Amen. You're in this body, but there's another body that is waiting for you. And if death would ever take you, it only transfers you from one body to another body. That That's right. See, but it doesn't change who you are. Amen. Now, if your soul has been converted here, Amen. I I just love it when when a person's soul is converted. Amen. Well, see what happens that body. Amen. They used to take you what they done with that body. They' pick up a beer. They would take up a cigarette. They would do all kinds of things in this body. But when that soul become converted, now that body is lifting a pans and and that body is declared because there's been a change. That soul has been converted. Can you say amen? Now, if that soul has been converted here and you leave this body, Amen. Now, you're worshiping here this morning, you're praising God, you're singing songs, you're you're you're you're just loving God. Well, see, death ain't going to stop all of that. You just go to another body. You'll still be raising your hands. You'll still be magnifying God. You'll still be praising God. You'll still be in love with him. It's just you changed bodies. Can you say amen? Amen. See, you you know, so if you're you're you're so been converted, you'll love to worship God. Amen. You'll love to come to the house of God. You'll love the word of God. You'll love to say amen to that word. You'll love the people of God. You'll want to be around the people of God because there's something that's happened to you. You'll magnify him. Amen. Well, then when you leave this body and go to another body, that theophony body, well, you're walking. You've got hands, you got feet, you got a mouth, you got nose, and you got it all. Amen. But you're still doing the same things. You're still loving him. You're still wanting to be around the people of God. That doesn't change nothing. That's right. Praise be to God. Praise the Lord. You know, if you love the things of the world here and you then when you die, you you'll still be that way. I think you know a lot of people would be miserable if they went to heaven. Wow. Cuz there ain't filthy stuff there. Come on. And so what they are here is what they would be there. Exactly. Ain't that right? See? So, so when you leave this body, you'll enter another body and just pick up where you left off. See? And so Jesus Christ is alive. How many believes that? He's alive. And he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. That's right. Amen. Abraham said he's the same in powers, the same in life, the same in principle, the same in love and attitude. He still has supreme authority over all things. He's still the conqueror. Hallelujah. He's still never been defeated. Do you believe that? He's still God. Still has the power over every devil of hell. He still can can command and nature stops. Nature uh uh obeys his word. Our bodies obey his word. Sickness obeys his word. Death obeys his word. He's powerful. He reigns. He's supreme. Can you say amen? And he still has a body to show himself that he's alive. That body declares him. Praise the Lord. Jesus promised to build his church. He said the gates of hell will not prevail against it. Amen. Because he's going to build his church upon revelation. Amen. Of who he is. That's right. Ain't that right? Right? And that's why I, if I could say it this way, it's why we're getting that revelation of who we are. Hallelujah. Because we're part of him. Paul tells us that the church, that church that Jesus promised to build is is the body of Christ. Amen. In Ephesians, the book of Ephesians, Paul says that God hath put all things under the feet of Jesus Christ and gave him to be head over all things to the church, which is his body, the fullness of him. What is the church? The fullness of him that fleth all in all. Can you say amen? Amen. The church is his body. So that means the church is to be the dwelling place of Jesus Christ. You believe that? Amen. God didn't make a mistake. Paul wasn't making a mistake when he called the church the body. Amen. There's a reason why we're called the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because as that body declared him a god in in in 2,000 years ago, so is there a body upon the earth today that's going to declare the same God, the same life, the same works, the same attributes. Amen. Everything. Ephesians 5:28, Paul says, "We are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." 1 Corinthians 12:27. Now ye are the body of Christ and members in particular. Ain't that right? So believers are to be the dwelling place of Jesus Christ. First uh uh Corinthians 3:16, "Know ye not that you are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple you are. Ain't that right? Flesh and blood. That's right. God taking on flesh and blood today. Come on now. 2 Corinthians 6:16. What agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For you are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them and I will be their God and they shall be my people. Can you say amen? Now, this was even before he made that promise before he even dwelt in the body of Jesus Christ. But he dwelt in the body of Jesus Christ to make this promise a reality. Hallelujah. It wasn't just his intention to just to always live in one body and dwell upon the earth. Amen to God. Hope you understand. That Calvary made a way. The blood made a way where the church could become his body. And it's the mystical body. I thinking of that word mystical. having a spiritual meaning or reality that is neither apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence. Amen. A body. Can you say amen? Amen. Now think of that. God taking your body. Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. So this body, Brother Brandham said, is made up of men and women who has resurrected from sin unto life. He says, "God always likes to work through men. It's God's program to work through men." Do you believe that God works through men? He made man his helper on earth. He made man a lesser God than himself. Ain't that right? So, no wonder in John 14 and 21, Jesus says, "I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you." Bless the name of the Lord. Yes, I will come to you. Ain't that right? So, this fits with our opening scripture, the son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory. It fits with Revelations 1 or 10:1, the mighty angel coming down from heaven. It fits with 1 Thessalonians 4:16, for the Lord himself shall descend with a shout voice and trump. It fits with Psalms 102 and 16. When the Lord shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory. Can you say amen? What is it? He's coming to his body, the bride. What is it? It's the word that's coming. Can you say that with me? It's the word that's coming. Why? He's the word. It's the word coming of Christ. It It's the coming of the word. Ain't that right? John 1:1. In the beginning was the word. Everybody say he was the word. See was the word and the word was with God. The word was God and the word was made flesh. Ain't that right? Amen. Amen. Talking about resurrection now. So he says, see, he always used man. When Jesus came, that was God in flesh. God working through man. God. He was God in David. He was God in Elijah. He was God in in in Joseph. What was it? It was the word working through them. It wasn't just an emotional fit. It wasn't a fe a feeling. It wasn't just a some supernatural experience. It was the word working through them. The same word that worked through Jesus Christ upon the earth worked through them. Brother Braden said, "It was God who made the promise, the works that I do shall you do also." He promised his church that he would work in his church among his members, his mystic body, spiritually speaking, until he came again that the same things that he did would be confirmed in his church by the believers. Don't Don't underestimate yourself. Don't don't don't just look and say, "Well, I I can't do it. I I'm just a victim. I I'm just I I just can't I can't overcome. I can't." If you're part of the church, you're his body. And as he overcome in that body 2,000 years ago, he's overcoming in your body. As he whipped Satan, defeated Satan in that body of 2,000 years ago. He's defeating that same devil in your flesh. Well, Brother Ram said that's what God determined. I'm going to whip my enemy through them. I am going to whip my enemy through them. Why? Who's them? The church. Ain't that right? They may look like peasants. They may not have much going for them in the world, but God has chosen us to be his body. The word. That's right. Amen. So, how can God work through men and women and boys and girls that are just sinful and sinners? And Brother Brham says he took the same blood from the body that he gave as a sacrifice and sanctified a people. He didn't worry about your sins. He didn't worry about your your complexes. He didn't worry about your incapabilities. It he it didn't matter if you could sing or not. Didn't matter if you could preach a fine sermon or not. Didn't matter if if you were just the most gifted person or not. He took that same blood from the body that he gave as a sacrifice and sanctified a people that he himself might live in to continue his word. Can you say amen? God is in his word. God is the word. Amen. And now he comes in a people that he is sanctified in this day to continue his word to the end of the consummation. As I said, Jesus Christ was God himself in the body of flesh. Praise the Lord. God created him a tabernacle for himself and lived in it. Brother Brown said he walked through it. He talked through it. He expressed himself through that body of flesh that he might by that one body give it as a sacrifice that he might bring all of us to him as sons and daughters of God that the Holy Spirit can speak through us and continue his work. Yeah. Well, aren't you glad for that? He didn't just save you to make you a church member. He saved you that he can live in you, walk in you, talk in you, express himself in you, and continue where he left off. Amen. Yes, sir. That's right. Him coming in your body doesn't change him. Amen. Doesn't change his attitude. doesn't change his power. Doesn't change nothing about him. He's God. He just takes your body to express that through. He takes your body and express his creative power. Notice the nominal church today, well through throughout the ages has presented a corpse. And you know what a corpse is? It's it's it's a body without life. It's usually referring to a dead person and an animal, the remains of something discarded or defunct or defunct. And and so they're presenting a corpse. Oh, he's alive, but it's just a corpse. Yeah. And the prophet says they're trying to destroy the effects of the word and they are doing it with their traditions and denominational politics. That's right. He says they meet today to honor a corpse. They go into the place and they sing near my God to thee and some kind of a slow morg thing like that. It makes a weary sound and they come around you and say now let us now say the apostles creed. Let us re repeat this certain certain creed that Dr. So and so of a certain so and so and a so and so and oh my like you were sorry about it and half of them stay at home to watch television instead of coming to church on Sunday. That's right. See, dead just a corpse moving around and then a corpse preaching and a corpse trying to tell about a corpse that once lived and lived in a tomb many years ago. A corpse. See, just corpse, corpse, corpse. And they are going to honor a Christ that died, 1900 years ago. And that's almost exactly where the churches are today, trying to honor a corpse instead of hailing a conqueror. Amen. How do you know he's a conqueror? Because he's able to conquer this old flesh and have preeminence in my body. I'm not here to honor a corpse of 2,000 years ago. I'm telling you, he's risen again. He's alive and he's a conqueror because I know it. He's conquered me. Hallelujah. conquered my sins, conquered my failures, conquered my first birth. Amen. He must have conquered so much that nothing's held against me. Wiped it all away. Right. Amen. He said, "Glory to God. I'm glad to be a Pentec Pentecostal in heart, not by denomination. No, sir. the rabbi name away from there. We're not coming down to honor. We're not coming doing honor to some dead man. We're hailing a conqueror who conquered death, hell, and the grave and sickness and every demon. Every unbelief, he conquered it. Amen, brother. Right. So why would why why why would we call the nominal church a corpse? because it claims to be the body of Jesus Christ. And when it claims to be the church, then God's going to hold her responsible, right? Claiming to be the church. It'd be something if she just said, "No, we don't want nothing to do with it." But no, they they're claiming to be something. And yet they're not. So they're given false representation. We are the church. Well, the church is to be the body of Christ. And when the when the life of Christ ain't there, then it's just a corpse. Then they're a false representation of a living God. Can you say amen? It's a dead corpse because the life of Christ is not pulsating in it. Amen. These so-called Christians are nothing but corpse because the life of Christ isn't in them. Brother Graham said, "See, pastors are so busy and people are so busy swapping members, just like taking a corpse from one morg to another, just one place to another." Can you say, "Amen." And I say this, dancing and shouting and crying is no sign that the life of Christ is there. Speaking in tongues and prophesying is is no sign that the life of Jesus Christ is there. Right. Being all formal and prim and proper and having all your, you know, everything just right, that is no sign either that the life of Christ is there. The Bible foretold of Christ being kicked out of his own church in this day. Amen. And so when they kicked him out, what did they kick him out? What do they kick out? Well, he's the word. He's the manifested word. Amen. And so when the church rejected the manifested word, they rejected him. So all they have is their Easter plays to show that he's alive. All they have is their scholarly, you know, uh, dried up sermons to declare that he's alive. All they have is their bubble dancing. The prophet would call it bubble dancing to show that he's alive. They they got professional musicians, professional choirs. Everything's gone professional. But remember what the angels told the women of that day at the grave. Why seek ye the living among the dead? Can you say amen? Amen. See, they rejected his very own life when they rejected the word because he is the word. And Jesus said, "My word is spirit and life." Can you say amen? So the only way to get spirit and life is by the word. Can't separate spirit and life and then from the word. The word, his word is spirit and life and God is the word. Amen. Ain't that right? So the life and spirit of Christ is connected with the word of God and the word comes to a prophet. Amen. Right. Give you some scriptures. Hosea 12 and 10. I have also spoken by the prophets and I have multiplied visions and used similitudes by the ministry of the prophets. God said to Jeremiah, he said, "Before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee to be a prophet unto the nations." Later on, the Bible says that the word of the Lord was spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah, the prophet. Right? Luke 170 tells us that God spake by the mouth of his holy prophets. Acts 3:18 tells us that God foretold of Christ's sufferings by the mouth of all of his prophets. See, God uses the prophets to speak. The word come to the prophets. Can you say amen? See, so in order for them to reject the word, they had to there had to be a prophet upon the earth to speak the word. See, they weren't rejecting creeds and dogmas cuz God ain't in creeds and dogmas. They they they weren't just rejecting they weren't rejecting traditions of men because God ain't in traditions of men. He's in the word. So when Jesus is found on the outside of the church get trying to get back in, he is the word. Amen. Now think think of the power that a prophet has. Proverbs 18:21, "Death and life are in the power of the tongue." Think of that. And here the word would come to a prophet. Amen. What power, what authority. So the word, the prophet has the word of the Lord in his mouth. Amos 3:7. We all know these things. Surely the Lord will do nothing. But he revealth his secret unto his servants, the prophets. Ain't that right? So the prophet gives the revelation that he has received from God, he gives it to the people. Hello. And then the people have to receive it. Now the prophet said when you receive the word, you receive him. You're not receiving an emotion. You're not receiving some feeling. That all comes with it. Come on. If you ain't got, you know, if your religion ain't kicking, it's it's dead, you know. Amen. So when you receive the word, you receive him. Another place that word is life. And every time you receive the word, you receive life. Can you say amen? So then to reject the word of the Lord is to reject spirit and life. To accept the word of the Lord is to accept his spirit and his life. Now Romans 8:11, if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that quicken raised up Jesus from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Can you say amen? What is he? He's quickening power. That power that raised up Christ from the dead, raised that body up from the grave, that same power is here today. You believe it? Quicken means to bring to life that which is dead. I ain't got much longer more, but according to Ezekiel's visions vision, the true church was a corpse until the word came. The prophet Ezekiel saw a valley of dry bones and bones were scattered all throughout the valley. But then Ezekiel saw that the bones came together, bone to his bone. Hallelujah. In other words, every bone would go to the body it came from. Amen. It wasn't disjointed. It wasn't That's right. all of these things. But then he tells us that there were four stages of restoration. one the first stage was the s when the senuse came upon the bones brother said that was Luther's message praise God the second phase was the flesh came upon the bones that was Wesley's message third stage was when the skin covered them that was Pentecost but Ezekiel said there was still no breath in them. Go ahead. Hallelujah. It was just there as a corpse. Hallelujah. They were shouting. They were dancing. They were having a good time. But there was no breath. Now, you know, we've lived through the day, as the prophet Zechariah maybe said, uh, a day where there's no light. It's just it's neither day nor night. Brother Brown said it cloudy day, a gloomy day. You we we've seen them days, right? It's just cloudy. Brother Brham said it was a day where it was just hearing the word with no manifestation. There you go. That's what it was. Just neither day nor night. The word was being preached with no manifestation. Ain't that right? But then the prophet uh Zechariah I believe says but in the evening time everybody say in the evening time it shall be light. That scripture been laying there for thousands of years. But a prophet would pick it up in this day and say it's it's it's evening time now. Ain't that right? Amen. And and what does light do? It brings forth life. We we we've gone through a season of death. Amen. But now the earth has gotten turned back into the center of the sun or or or or got it back in its position to where the light could call the life out and everything is blooming again. Aren't you glad? Amen. Now Ezekiel 37:9, then he said unto me, prophesy unto the wind. Prophesy, son of man. It took a son of man. It took a prophet to prophesy. Prophesy and say to the wind, "Thus saith the Lord God, come from the four winds, oh breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live." So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived and stood upon their feet, an exceeding great army. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham calls you a super race. Not just an exceeding great army, but an invincible army. Hallelujah. And when the breath came into her, when the breath came into them bones, amen, they lived. Now the prophet said, see the fourth stage, we've gone through Wesley or Luther, Wesley, Pentecost. The fourth stage was the word. They had a little bit of word back in there in in in in down through the ages. They had just a little word here, little word there, little word there. But in this day was the full word with an authority because a prophet was on the earth and the word was in his mouth. Amen. Brother Brandham called it the message of life. This message ain't to kill you. It's to bring life to you. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. He said the fourth was the word itself, the word made flesh, fruits of of uh fruits of the proof of the resurrection sign that Christ has finally after justification been planted, sanctifi sanctification been planted, baptism of the Holy Ghost, organizations died out, and Christ has again centered himself like fat cap of the pyramid. First line justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then the coming of the cap, headstone. When the Lord hath built up Zion, he shall appear in his glory. Can you say amen? The bride is finished. The bride is built. The body of Christ, the prophet said, is is has been completed or built. We're here. We're not waiting for another age. If this message doesn't do it for you, you ain't gonna get nothing else. That's right. Come on now. Amen. He said, "What is it?" That Holy Ghost bunch being honed out so that it can fit with the same kind of ministry he had when he went away. that when he comes back, it'll catch the whole thing in the rapture where the justified, sanctified, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that pyramid will stand again. The house of God will live again. And I say, she's living again. She's standing again. Thank God for the message of the hour. Thank God that we're living not in Wesley's day, Luther's day, but in the day where the message of life has come to bring breath into us. Malachi 4, Elijah is to come with the very word. The word of the Lord came to the prophets in the evening lights is to come forth is to restore and bring back what? See, to turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers, to bring back a supernatural in the church. Can you say amen? To bring back life in the church. It's true. She becomes the final voice to the final age. She ain't just laying there as a corpse not knowing what to say. The word is in her mouth. Ain't that right? Why? She's accepted what a prophet had to say. Amen. Remember, Brother Brham said, "What a resurrection that was." Oh, yeah. And what a resurrection this is. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What is it? It's resurrection power that the son of man has come with. Then shall they see the son of man coming with power and great glory. Now we understand it's resurrection power that he's came with quickening power. [Music] Hallelujah. To bring life into us. Amen. Amen. What is it? Brother Brham said it's a resurrection for the bride age. Hallelujah. He said it's a resurrection out of dark denominationalism. A resurrection out of dark denomination will be a message that the full maturity of the word. Brother Brand was so far beyond his his time. He's still far beyond his time. But there's a bride that's catching it. Amen. Can you say amen? They have no idea what he was preaching. They don't have a clue of what he was saying. All these things that a bride has caught it. But why? It's the full maturity of the word has come to us. Amen. That's right. Brother Brown said, "See, a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and being waved over the people." Aren't you glad it's waved over you? Oh yes. This this message has an effect. Yes, sir. It's producing great young people. It's producing it's producing the best uh the best group of people in the world. Amen to God. Can you say amen? Our homes ain't patterned after Leoa and after a Hollywood. It's patterned after the message of the hour. It's waved over us. It's affected us. Amen. being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. I don't understand why these guys want to pick and fight and all these and dwell upon, well, Brother Brham's opinion here and Brother Brham's opinion there, all these things. No wonder they're dead. That's right. That's right. It's just an accepting it. We see we see we see the authority that was in that man's mouth that came from him. It wasn't just a man's word. It was a message of life. Amen. And as you receive the word, you receive Christ. Can't separate the message from Christ. Amen. They say get them to Christ and then get them to the message. How do you do that? accept the message then you accept Christ. Hallelujah. It is Christ. Amen. So we find that all day long going back to the road to men that walked the road to Emmas. But all day long Christ had been bringing the word to the men. Amen. As they walked the road to Emmas. But the prophet said but there was no signs. He was just there talking. He was there just preaching. He was just there. But there was no supernatural in him. There's nothing. Just just talking. But he says, "But in the evening time, he revealed his resurrection." And for 2,000 years now, Christ has preached the gospel through his minist ministers. For 2,000 years now, Brother Brandham said, "Christ has preached his gospel, preached the gospel through his ministers." That's right. But we are living in the evening light. Hallelujah. Which is the manifestation of the resurrection. Can you say amen? Not talking about a resurrection, not pointing back of 2,000 years ago, but he has come into us and brought forth another resurrection that declares he's alive. Aren't you glad he's alive? Hallelujah. And John 14:19, yet a little while and the world seeth me no more. They're just talking about a resurrection, but they haven't seen him. The world seeth in me no more. Amen. See, they have a form of godliness, but the prophet said, but they deny that there is a resurrection power working among the people. They have a form of godliness. They have their music and they have their they have their choirs and they have their churches and they have all of these things, but they're denying that there is a resurrection power. They're pointing the people back of 2,000 years ago and yet denying that that same God has come with a resurrection power and is working among the people. Can you say amen? But you see me. The world won't see me, but you see me. Because I live, you shall live also. Amen. And at that day you shall know that I am in my father. You in me and I in you. And we all know brother Bram said that is this day. At that day, this day there comes a knowledge. Amen. That that resurrected Christ is in us. Can you say amen? Why? Because as he lives, I live also. I see him. G. Brother Bram called it the bride coming of Christ. Ain't that right? Amen. I hope this is all right. So, it's not his corporal body that we're beholding. We're beholding him in his revealed word. as we get ready to close. Uh, but 2 Corinthians 5:16, Paul says, "Though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth we know him no more." Though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more. Brother Brham said, "He is not to be known intellectually. He is he is known spiritually by spiritual revelation. This same one who was known remember Jes Peter walked with him and knew him after the flesh but Paul knew him by revelation. I love it. Can you say amen? He is known spiritually by spiritual revelation. This same one who was known as Jesus after the flesh went back to the pillar of fire. But he promised he would come again and dwell amongst his people by the spirit. And on the day of Pentecost, that pillar of fire came down and separated self in tongues of fire upon each one of them. What was God doing? He was separating himself into the church. Now, you ain't going to know him after the flesh because he separated himself into the church. Amen. He was separating himself into the church, giving all those men and women a part of himself. There you go. That's true. Can you say amen? Amen. The only way to know him today is in the power of his resurrection. Hallelujah. Yet the musicians will come. Brother Bram said it's at the resurrection of the church Christ and his bride will come together and dovetail. Think of that, man. Hallelujah. What a what a what a time we're living in. At the resurrection of his church, Christ and his bride will come together and dovetail. The writings and promises of God will make will be made fulfilled there. Where? In the church. When church and Christ unite together, every promise that was spoken of us will be fulfilled. There ain't no habit. There ain't no weakness. There ain't no sin. There ain't nothing big enough. Oh my. We may contend with this old flesh and we may contend with a lot of these things. Brother said you'll always have that sticky nature, you know, as long as you're living in this body, but it will not stop the promise of God at the resurrection of the church. Hallelujah. So it cannot come together unless the same spirit that was in Christ is in you and me. And then if that same spirit is in there, it'll do the same works and live the same kind of a separated life and do the works that he did. Aren't you glad for that? How many's glad you're part of the church? Hallelujah. I'm glad I'm part of the church and the works that he did you can do also. It wasn't just to brother Brandham. was to all of us. We may not do it all. But we will do the works. Amen. Amen. Uh anyway, brother Brandon said, "See, the headship and the body has become one unit." Think of that here at the resurrection of the church. You see, Christ and his bride will will will come together. But now he's saying the headship and the body has become one unit. Amen. It's God manifested in his people. That's the reason the husband and wife is no longer twain. They're one. God and his church is one. Christ in you. God's great revelation. Glory to God. even bearing his name. His name is Jesus the anointed. The reason he is called Jesus, he is the anointed. It's the anointed body of Christ proving manifested God like that body did. You are the anointed body manifesting the same God that that body did. And that body redeemed every one of these bodies. And through there, God works his three-fold manifestation going to the kingdom. See, risen, paid the price. We're redeemed. God has proved it, vindicated it, and we stand justified in Christ before him because he cannot pass judgment. For he's already judged that body in which I'm a part of. How am I a part of it? He says, "Well, here it is. It's in me." Amen. The word is in me. Is that what he said? Here is the secret. The word is in the bride. You're not accepting this message for not. That's not in vain. Every time you're believing this message, you're listening to the message. You say, "God, that's that's right. That's right. [Music] If you abide in me and my words in you, then what you say, ask the father anything in my name, it'll be done because it's there. Can you say amen? The word is there. It's in you. Justified. Glory to God. Oh, if I can get the world to see that, why? There you are. There is the body of Christ living, standing, redeemed. Can you say amen? She's no longer standing as a sinner. She's standing redeemed, justified as though she never did it in the first place. Satan ain't using her mouth to speak evil things and negative things. But now the word is in the bride. And brother and Paul would say, "And the word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth and in thine heart." That is the word of faith which we preach. Can you say amen? Justified in his sight. Why are we justified? We are his victory. How many believes that victory? Easter brought a victory and this resurrection of the church proved and brought a victory. We are his [Music] victory. We come forth in these last days with this glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for this purpose and we are proof of his victory. Amen. When we see him coming down and living among the church, that's his victory. It shows that they couldn't keep him in the grave, neither then can they keep us. That's right. We're we're bound, right? We're already potentially arised because we've raised from dead unbelief in his word, from denominational creeds to an eternal word of the eternal God, which is him himself working through us, manifesting himself that he is the same. yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, do you love him? Hallelujah. He's alive and Oh, he's alive and [Music] well. The world and he is the same. He's the same [Music] yesterday, [Music] today. Oh, sing it now. He's alive and well, living in me. [Music] Bless his holy name. Bless his holy name. Oh, he's the [Music] same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive. Oh, sing it again. Oh, he's [Music] alive. Oh, to tell the world. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I go. Do you know he lives? Blessed be his holy name. Testifies all the life within me. Christ I know my redeemer. Let the redeemed say it again. Oh, I know. No doubt in my mind. I know you is. I know. Oh, he lives all of creation. He's alive here today. He's moving among his bride, his body. Sing it again. Oh, I know. Yes, I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. Oh, this life within me, Christ, I know my redeemer. Can we sing the first verse? Oh, who taught the sun where to stand in the morning. Oh, who told the ocean, "You can only come this far." [Music] And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? Oh, I [Music] know. Well, aren't you glad for it today? I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. Oh, this life within me cries my redeemer live. Oh, that very same God that spins things in orbit. He runs to the weary, the warm and the weak. The same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquered death to bring me victory. Oh, I know. Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. [Music] All of creation testifies. This life is testifying. That's it within me. He lives. Sing it one more time. Yes, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. Even this life within me cries. I know. Oh, all of creation testifies this life within me. Christ, I know my redeemer [Music] lives. Can you lift your hands and just worship the [Music] Lord? How blessed we really are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, we thank you that you made us your body. You can express your living power through us, your [Music] life. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. We thank you, Lord Jesus. We thank you. My redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. This life within me. Christ. I know my redeemer lives. God bless you is our prayer. Amen. May we go forth showing him to the world. Amen. And [Music] um just want to say once again, thank you to all those that helped putting the tin up [Music] and that's just laboring in every aspect. I know sister Martha's been helping with the uh appointment schedule and uh those that are in the camp stay there and she hadn't been just feeling real well, but she's just been a real trooper and appreciate that very much. and sister Kim putting all her effort into it and getting everything prepared and these boys have been working very late at night and u doing the tent and putting lights putting all kinds of so I know the reward will be great on the other side and u looking forward to a wonderful time in the Lord And I I do ask that you pray for the meeting and really just uh ask God to to come in a special way and um that whoever comes will will just be blessed. Those if sinners come that they could find God or God will find them. sick, people needing delivered, God would just come and set them free. Church, we're going home and it's it's almost home time and we must be found working for the kingdom of God. And so whatever what what you're doing, our laborers, what you're doing for this meeting, it's it's for the kingdom of God. It's preparing. It's making way for God to speak to the people through his word. Amen. And he sent his word and healed them of all their diseases. And I just believe in the power of the word. So God bless you all. Love you. Have a wonderful day today in the Lord. Okay. Yeah. Uh we'll be praying for brother Terry and sister Alice. Oh yes, next Sunday. Um yeah, ne next Sunday if I could get all your brothers to help us, we're going to take um we're we're going to be unloading all them chairs from the conx and taking them to the tent. And as any of you that have helped, you know that's a chore. in itself. And uh so uh if we could get your help, that would be so greatly appreciated. And uh also I think brother uh Josh Martin will be here. He'll be ministering for us Sunday. He had called me and said he'd be coming up. And so I told him while he's here to preach for us. So, uh, anyway, if if you'd like to help next Sunday after service to take all them chairs from the conx to the tent, uh, that that would really be great. And, um, they're not letting us uh, we're not able. Usually, we set up the platform uh, Friday so we can get all the music and all that. Well, we're not able to do that this year. We're going to set up the platform uh Monday of the meeting and uh the week of the meeting. And so just ask that you pray for us that we can get everything done in good timing and uh no glitches or anything. And uh that just be really wonderful. So So we want to keep Brother Terry and Sister Alice in our prayers. will be traveling to Ohio and tell your family. We said hello if you don't mind. Amen. We sure love Brother Terry and Sister Alice very much. And so um God bless you. Uh let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. And uh brother Terry, do you want to lead us in prayer? [Music]
