################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - Pastor Shawn Martin The Bride Simply Believes - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-15
Title:   Pastor Shawn Martin "The Bride Simply Believes"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnG1WWgUWng
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] down. You [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you [Music] [Applause] [Music] All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's all stand tonight. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. In all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head to rest, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Let's just worship him. In all my life you have been faithful. In all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after is running after me. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Brother Amos, would you dedicate the service tonight? Would you dedicate the service? [Music] Bless [Music] you. In all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, yes, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Lost in shame. Could not get past my blame until he called my name. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm working him down. But Jesus pulled me out. See, I'm no longer bound. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. The old is gone. There's new life. I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. Now I see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. The old is gone. There's new life. I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've met the author of my story and is mine. Yes, he's mine. Sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. I can see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. The old is gone. There's new life. I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've met the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. See, I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've met the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. [Music] Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Everywhere I go everywhere I need, Jesus is mine. Yes, Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine everywhere I go, everywhere I feel. Oh, Jesus is mine. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Help me out. I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over over. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. I walked. I walked I walked all over. I searched I searched all over. I turned around. All over. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Brother Josiah, gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you and how thankful we are father for the opportunity to come in your presence. We ask you father Jesus name. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound just had saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. [Music] Was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fear relief. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Thy ending love, amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His were my hope secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like stone. The sun forbear to shine. [Music] and called me here. Below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has answered me. And like a flood his mercy reigns unending. Amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. The God who caught me here belong will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. As we go into the prayer request, we want to remember brother Tim Farmer. He is recovering from strep throat and a uh 20-year-old man associated with a student at brother Branson school was in a car wreck. uh his legs are broken, face and several other bones and also sister Zion Hoffman was diagnosed with Addison's disease and is in the hospital. And a brother from brother Diego's church u he he has fallen and is in the hospital. So we want to remember him along with grandpa. He is running a fever and is in need of prayer. And if we Uh we want to remember our pastor as he brings forth the word. Amen. Brother Amos, would you want to bring uh these needs before the Lord? And also uh there's a prayer request [Music] here. If any of us are looking for a perfect healthy life in this body, guess again. I think you've been here long enough to realize you're going to have trouble. I don't care how strong, how healthy you are. Brother Brandham looked at people said, "You look like a fine, healthy man to me, but had an affliction in there in his body." Let's look to the Lord in prayer. And God doesn't get tired of all these needs. You know, he's always standing by. He's not weary of us. Not tired of hearing us. Even though you prayed many times for the same thing over and over, he doesn't get tired of it. And there's a time appointed. Let's look to the Lord in prayer. Join my join join me in prayer if you would tonight, please. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we join together in prayer for these requests, Lord, we think of this one that's been in this traumatic accident, Lord. and the Lord legs broken, God knowing Lord sometime we just got to realize dear Lord what other people's going through and sometimes we have things happen to us that make us realize and knowing that pain is real it's awful Lord the trauma and the drama that goes along with it dear God Lord Jesus these other requests of people that's sick oh God Lord running a fever and our brother farmer Lord God and having that going on in his body. Been sick. I think of brother Boen as well. Dear God, he's been sick, too. They don't know what's going on with him. And dear God, I just pray that you'd help him. Lord, all these requests that was mentioned, dear God, there's many. We think of that other brother, Lord, was out there trying to earn a living for his family. Lord God, fell off of that deck and took a severe head injury, dear God. And Lord, laying there in the hospital right now, stable condition, but dear God, he needs you to move, Father God, for him. He's a believer. And we pray, God, that you move and touch these requests, Lord. Others that are out sick, I think, Lord, that may be uh Lord, that's not with us tonight. We ask it, oh God, that you'll just touch them, Lord. Lord, you never got tired of us, Lord. And we know, Father God, the enemy is relentless, oh God. He's got his punch coming, but we've also got a punch. We've got the punch line. I am the Lord that health all thy diseases. We can fire it right back. Dear God, though, though the attacks of the enemy may be many at times, dear God, so are your blessings. So are your promises, oh God, available 24/7. You're open six, seven days a week. You don't close. The shops never closed up. We come to you in the name of Jesus any time of the day or night. Dear God, under any circumstance, you're always there. We thank you for it, dear God. You're ever mindful these requests. Oh God, we know that you're hearing you. Lord, we believe that as we pray tonight, a shovel full of dirt just moved. Dear God, healing is on the way. Deliverance is on the way. Sound minds on the way, dear God. Because we pray and we believe, Father God, we hear from heaven. We believe and we believe for testimonies will come forth in Jesus name. Amen. And like a flood, his mercy raise. Unending love. Amazing grace. Let's sing that chorus again as brother Matthew comes. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. You can have your seats. [Music] All my words fall short. I got nothing new. [Music] How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must end. But you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelu hallelu. And I know it's not much, nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. Oh, I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. It's all that I have is a [Music] holly. Holy. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelu. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up those songs. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and I praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Oh [Music] hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] all. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Amen. [Music] more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. Yeah. The more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. The more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your pill. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your [Music] heartbeat. Your love is so real. It's more than I can stand. I rest in your feet. It's overwhelming. [Music] The more I seek you, the more I find you. You cannot stand tonight. The more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I just want to I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lay back against my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Your love is so real. It's more than I can stand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand, back against my ear, feel your heartbeat. Your love is so real. It's more than I can stand. I'm in your peace. It's overwhelming. Here's my cup, my cup, Lord. As our pastor comes tonight, I lift it up. Lord, come and [Music] quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. [Music] Fill my cup, Lord. [Music] Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. One more time. Here's my cup. Lord, I lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Lift it up and make me [Music] whole. Well, is that your prayer this evening? God, just lift our fill our cups full. Amen. We're just uh overflowing. Amen. And trust you had a good day today. And uh certainly good to see the sun shining. Amen. We needed the rain. And uh whatever God gives us, we'll take. Amen. He knows best. And so um but uh we love the Lord. And um if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Revelations, the 22nd chapter. Amen. Revelations 22 and um the 17th verse we will read and um but before we go into the word we want to just maybe pray and brother Shamaya text me in the office asking we'd just continue to pray for the family and um uh still feeling uh pretty sick or or uh weak uh from the sickness and uh so we want to keep um all of them in our prayer and um brother Jerry is doing better uh feeling a lot better but um sister Bethany and Shou are getting better and uh uh but uh sister J Tony is feeling pretty weak and brother Shamaya pretty weak so uh we'll just go and and pray for them as well. And uh if you have a need on your heart, Amen. Just bring it before the Lord. Father, Lord, we we are believers in you, Father. Not because we've just been taught it, but we have seen you. We've seen you work the supernatural many times before. We've seen you change the situations around where people were doctors had given up on them and they were sentenced to die and yet they're living today because you intervened. And father, we're just asking that you'd have mercy on brother Shamaya and his family, in-laws. Father, that you would heal them, bring strength into their bodies, Father. Oh God, just take away every symptom of sickness away from them. I pray, Father, that you would be with us this evening as we would uh endeavor to speak your word tonight. and may you would give us the words to speak, Father. Lord, we certainly need your help tonight, Father. And if you would just come among us, we'd be uh forever grateful and just do an eternal work within us, Father, we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Uh the revelations the 22nd chapter 17th verse it says and the spirit and the bride say come let him that heareth say come let him that is a thirst come and whosoever will let him uh whosoever will let him take the water of life freely. Then 2 Corinthians the 4th chapter, if you'd like to turn with me there um and just read the uh 13th verse. We have having the same spirit of faith according as it is written, I believed and therefore have I spoken. We also believe and therefore speak. Amen. You can have your seats this evening. And if I would to have a title, it would be the bride just simply believes. The bride simply believes. We hear so much of faith and uh and that's because it is essential to the the life of a believer. You can never underestimate faith and you'll never outgrow uh faith to where you don't need it. It's actually becoming more prominent. Uh faith is and um the moment that you leave away from faith, that's when Satan has you. Amen. Um the moment you leave away from faith and we know that what you believe according to the scriptures what you believe you will speak and um your faith will dictate your words. It'll dictate your actions. You will speak of what you believe and you will act accordingly. This is why brother Brown said, "You believe you're saved, then you say you're saved, then you act like you're saved. Then you associate with those that are saved." Amen. And it works righteousness. He said, "What if you come to the altar and say, "Well, I don't know." But in your heart, you believe you're saved and then don't say nothing about it. He said, "You'll never be saved until you believe it, accept it, and confess it. So then we uh look that that faith is important but also speaking what we believe is is important and uh because from the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh and so according to the the scripture there uh our opening scripture the bride is going to speak. She's she's going to have a u well the prophet said she'll be the final voice to the final age. So she is going to speak and if you notice what she will be speaking of of course uh the the we we read the spirit and the bride say come. But the prophet said listen to the authenticated prophet of God who appears in this last stage. Now we believe he has appeared. This authenticated prophet of God has come. What he says from God, the bride will say. Ain't that right? So then we know she won't be saying a a lot of nonsense or radical rhetoric or whatever. But what he says, she will say, and the spirit and the prophet and the bride will be saying the same thing. So now the the prophet tells us uh uh years ago that the word is in the bride. How many believes that? So the word the word uh uh that uh if we could say it the vindicated word the word that the prophet brought is is in the bride. How did it get into her? Amen. Is because she is in harmony with Christ as he was with the father. Ain't that right? She is in harmony with Christ. Amen. In agreement with Christ, working with Christ. Amen. Coming under his headship. And uh as he was in harmony with the father, the prophet says he shows her his word of life. How? Through the vindicated prophet. Amen. Shows her his word of life. He shows her. She receives it. She never doubts it. Can you say amen? She never doubts it. Amen. So, so this is why that she can say exactly what a prophet says is because she has received it as thus sayeth the Lord and she never doubts it. Can you say amen? Now, this faith of course has a foundation. The faith that the bride has has a foundation. And uh brother Brandham has told us that faith has to have a basis. You just can't let faith be loose and wild. Uh your your feelings can get loose and wild. Your emotions can get loose and wild. But you cannot let faith get loose and wild. Faith has to rest itself not upon shifting sands of man's reasonings. Ain't that right? So then what does faith rest upon? It rests upon the word of God. That's what faith rests upon. It rests upon the word of God. And the Jesus said that man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Ain't that right? Now we know that the mouth of God in uh uh the prophets are God's mouthpiece. They have spoken for the Lord. They have said, "Thus said the Lord," the word of God would come out of their mouth. And brother Brandham even said, you know, he says, "I am, you know, when when the angel of the Lord comes, I am God's voice to you." He said, "I may have offended you by saying that, but then he turns around and says, but I am God's voice to you." And he said, "I may have offended you by saying that, but it repeated it." Amen. So, it was letting us know, God letting us know that the prophet of this age is God's voice to you and I. Now, that's important to us because God gave his word in the beginning uh to Adam and Eve. And and as long as they believe that word, they didn't have to explain the word. They didn't have to go around reasoning the word. They just simply believed the word. And the prophet said nothing could harm them as long as they believe that word. We we know there was potential for sin. There was potential for death. There was potential sickness. There was potential for all the evil things that we have now. But it could not come upon them. It could not be exercised. It could not come into power until man doubted the word of God. Amen. So as soon as Eve doubted the word, then all creation fell. Ain't that right? But if you notice, she sinned. The prophet said, when she received the devil's lie in the womb of her mind, she listened to him. She she began to take note of what he was trying to tell her and and she began to listen and she received the devil's lie in the womb of her mind. And then the actual act came later on. See? And so we we find that God has always given his word just as he did to Adam and Eve. He has given his word through every age. How many believes that? Yeah. Throughout every age. And so now notice, brother Brandham said, if you are true seed, you will hear that word. Ain't that right? That's that's how the the bride is going to say the satan same thing. Amen. That's how she comes into harmony and speaking the same thing. Her the spirit and the prophet the bride the spirit and the prophet saying the same thing is she comes into harmony with God. Amen. And and he says if you are true seed you will hear that word. The spirit will baptize you into the body of Christ, filling you and empowering you and you will receive the word for your day and age. Can you say amen? So, so we see how powerful that is that before she could speak it, she had to hear that word and then she had to receive that word and come in harmony with the word for her day. Ain't that right? Now this faith as and and this is something we all know. So this is just uh uh reminding if we could say it that way. But uh you know and and I've come uh listening, you know, u um uh something popped up on my YouTube the other day of a man that left the message and and uh so I thought, well, I'm going to see what he says about that new pope and things like that and uh uh a lot of trash that he was saying. And I just turned it off and and I thought, you know, uh uh he's mocking Brother Brandham and mocking the message people and and um you know, and and anyways, I thought I enough of that junk. But but you know, this bride has that there's a faith that this bride has. She's not forced into this. She she is not um uh bribed into this. There's just something that that the bride has. And yes, she's ridiculed and yes, she's called fanatics and yes, she looks maybe looks stupid to the world and and and all that, you know, but but there's something I, you know, I got to just thinking about that. Well, what keeps me Amen. believe in this message? What why why don't I want to listen to that guy? Uh uh why why am I so firm with what brother Brandham taught? And and you know, a after I'd uh listened to that, I just turned on the tape and you just hear the brother Brandham talking and you know, you just I I just had to cry. I thought, "Oh, God." You know, I don't understand why anyone just can't listen to a prophet and just believe him. There there's just something about uh uh uh the prophet of the age and the word of God that he brought. But see, this bride, this the faith that this bride has is not an intellectual faith. You you'll never be able to reason this out and and even trying to explain it. You see, intellectual faith relies on human efforts, human intelligence, human achievements. Uh it relies on education, scientific study and achievements and and all that. And intellectually it may look right. Intellectually, it may look sound and all of these things and they may have a good argument, but here's what the Bible says. Let God's word be true and every man's word a lie. Can you say amen? Let God's word be true and every man's word be a lie. So see intellectual faith it it just comes from the mind and and of reasoning and well Satan works through that kind of faith. Uh uh uh uh brother Brandham identified intellectual faith to be Satan's wisdom. We hear you know a lot of wisdom and and the Bible says that the children of this world are wiser than the children of light and and these things. Well, it they get that wisdom from Satan. It's a it's Satan's wisdom. And you can go listen to the message. I encourage you to do it. Uh uh uh wisdom versus faith. And uh but but Satan preached to Eve in the garden and even quoted to her what God said. I know, you know, a lot of people, well, it's just the Bible. Stay with the Bible. Bible. Bible. Bible. Bible. We've had this Bible for years and years and years and people still didn't know what all this said because it was a closed book. Ain't that right? But the word, the revelation had to come from a prophet. That's just the way it is. God, the Lord doeth nothing. Uh the Amos said the Lord doeth nothing but what he first reveals to his prophets. Can you say amen? But see, uh, uh, Satan gave her the word. Amen. And it wasn't a prophet giving it to her. It, it was Satan that was repeating the word, quoting the word, but he did it in a way to get her to reason with what God said. If he would have just simply repeated what God told her, then Eve could have said amen to that and they would have stopped. But that's not what he wanted to do. He wanted to quote the word of God to get her to listen. But he did it with the intent to get her to reason with what God said. Reason with it. Ain't that right? See, no preacher should use the word of God or use quotes in a way to where the congregation starts to reason with God's word. Either this word is right or it's wrong. Either this message is right or it's wrong. Can you say amen? I pray to God that every time you leave this this this these services uh the church or uh whatever that you will be so solidified that this message is right. I want you to know that I believe this message is right. I don't care what it says. I don't care if I understand it or not. This message is right. Amen. I don't want you to ever walk away out of this church with reasoning and saying, "Oh my, maybe the prophet did miss it here. Maybe the prophet did do this." No, no, no. Well, that's not the way we want it done. Ain't that right? See, so in Timothy 1 Timothy 1:4, Paul tells us to not give heed to fables and endless genealologies which minister questions rather than godly edifying which is in faith. 1 Timothy 6 and3 if any man teach otherwise and consent not to wholesome words even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ and to the doctrine which is according to godliness he is proud and knowing nothing but doting about questions and strife of words whereof cometh envy strife railings evil surmisings ain't that right in in 2 Timothy 2:23 Paul tells us to avoid foolish and unlearned questions, knowing that they do gender strife. Now, the prophet said, "Satan always puts a question mark," Amen, to the word of God. I remember meeting with a a man uh that was on his way out. Uh his church didn't know it. A lot of folks didn't know it, but but uh uh uh just a few of us caught caught where he was going. and and he was a little upset with me and and uh cuz I preached a sermon right after him and he was belittling brother Brandham and saying you didn't need the the the uh the message to to get in the rapture and the third pull ain't nothing and it's been going on anyway. He was just before 300 people in Oklahoma. He was just spewing it all out and then I had to preach behind him and and so, you know, I just preached that the message is right and we're just dumb enough to believe it. And well, he was upset with me and he was calling all these preachers around and and so I thought, well, I I need to go visit with him. And so, we had a 4-hour talk and uh he done most of the talking. Uh but but all of his words was trying to get me to to turn, you know, he I could tell you everything about this message that's wrong and and I can tell you what happened, you know, years ago and it make you turn from this message. I looked at him, I said, you can tell me anything you want. It ain't going to take me from this message. This message is the truth. Finally, when he realized he couldn't convince me, just he got done with me and he was ready to go. But see, Satan always puts question marks a man across God's word. And he's very cunning in how he does it. He's very tricky. He's very sly. He's very uh uh But see, he convinced Eve that she needed something else outside of what God had already given her. The word that God had given her was enough, amen, to keep the enemy back. It was enough, amen, to keep all the powers of hell, amen, at bay, amen, if she would have just accepted and been content with what God had given her. Amen. But Satan was able to convince her that she needed more and there was there was actually better things outside of God's word. See, so Satan works through intellectual faith. His bride uh uh is an intellectual bride. Amen. His church is an intellectual church. The prophet said she is of the antichrist. She is religious, scientific, and educated. See? Uh but then he says God's little bride is humble and just simply believes the word of God. Amen. She's not looking for fantastic. She's not looking for better explanations. She's not looking for greater things. That's why she's not uh uh uh detourred when when someone rises to claiming to be another messenger. We we don't need eighth day messengers. We we we we're not looking for another message to come because God has already given us Exactly. Amen. Enough word here. Amen. To put us in a rapture, to put us in a body change. Amen. To to heal your sick, to to cast the devils out. Amen. to come into what God well to bring on a millennium. How many believes that we've got enough word here. Amen. That will put us in the millennium. Amen. I I believe that. But see, God's bride is humble and just simply believes the word of God. See, she is a word bride. Everybody say, "She's a word bride." Can you make that personal? I'm a word bride. See, I'm a word bride. And therefore, the word can only recognize the word. Ain't that right? See, it cannot the prophet said it cannot recognize a denomination or a perversion. It knows better. It's the word. Can you say amen? So, this bride knows better than to go hunting something new and listening to uh uh uh uh questions and and and things that would slight the word of God. See, so now the word uh uh brother Brandham said the word being manifest is the evidence that it's right. I want to ask you, have you seen the word of God manifest in this age? We we've seen the word of God made manifest. I I this there there's all kinds of things, amen, that we have looked uh that we of scriptures that we have has been waiting for this day uh in this age. Um uh I you know I I was listening to uh uh brother Biscoll an old tape and of uh 1987 and he made a statement that I just I wanted to jump up and down and shout but he said you know you hear in the scriptures where where uh Jesus said a greater than Solomon is here a greater than is here right and and but he said you never heard a greater than than you know uh Esther is here or a greater than uh uh Rebecca is here or Rahab the harlot. Amen. Because it wasn't that time but here in this day we can truly say amen that there is a greater because there is the bride. See they were just a type of the bride of Jesus Christ. Do you believe that? So, we're seeing that that there is scriptures being fulfilled. Amen. We're living out what Rahab the harlot typed out. We're we're living out what Rebecca and Isaac typed out. We're living out what Ruth typed out. We're living out all of these things. Amen. The word being made manifest is evident that it's right. Amen. We have seen Malachi 4 fulfilled, Revelations 10:7 fulfilled, Revelation 10:1 fulfilled, and on and on and on, scripture after scripture. Ain't that right? See, so brother Brandham says, "If a woman goes out here and is married to a man and she goes out and makes love with another man and has affairs with him and come back to her husband, he should kick her out." He said, "Is that right? She must be true to him because she's vowed to him. And the bride of Christ is vowed to Christ and he is the word. Now, how many believe we've had an invisible union? Amen. Brother Brandon preached that the invisible union of the bride of of Christ and and and and that was a true union. Amen. In this day, that the bride and Christ are becoming one. They they the marriage is now. We've been married to the word of God. Christ our the living word. Amen. Which is Christ. That's why when they say, "Well, we need to get to Christ before we get to the message." They ain't even understand it. He is the word. And when we simply believe the word, Amen. With all that's within us for this day, we are become married to him. Married to the word. Ain't that right? Amen. So, it's more than just church membership and and and religion. We are literally taking on the bride of Christ and bearing his name, Miss Jesus Christ. Amen. See, so we we made a vow to Christ, not vow to a prophet. Oh my. You know, they they say we worshiping a prophet, worshiping a man, giving glory to William Brandham. That's nonsense. Amen. He was just a messenger. Amen. that that that connected us amen to Christ the word. Can you say amen? See, and so uh uh brother Brown said, "See her long hair, Nazerite vow shows that she is vowed to God. Her beautiful gown of his promised word for the age that she is living in wrapped around her, vindicating her with himself." see of Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. As she is part of the word groom, true to him in every point. Can you say amen? True to him in every point. He's vindicating her with himself. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. and see. Brother Brham said, "A married woman shouldn't even wink at another man." Amen. She should make no signs, no emotions at all towards him, for she is absolutely a bride to one bridegroom. Can you say amen? See, she's absolutely a bride to one bridegroom. See, now remember, there was a tree of knowledge in the beginning of good and evil. It was a mixed tree. Amen. And and and God told Adam in in Genesis 21:17, "In the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." Ain't that right? Well, Brother Brham said, "Denominations, they're part of that mixed tree." Amen. Tree of knowledge. Ain't that right? But here Jesus says in the New Testament there that that my sheep know my voice. My sheep know my voice. That's who we're married to is is the word of God. Ain't that right? You you can't get in union if you don't know his voice. But my sheep know my voice. And a stranger they will not follow. So any man's voice is his word. And a denomination, that mixed tree, they're not going to follow. They're not going to partake of that mixed tree. They're not going to partake of the tree of knowledge. Can you say amen? So therefore, the prophet said they will not add or take away from the word of God. They're just simply believing. We ain't got time to add. We ain't got time to take away. We're not here to dissect what Brother Brandham said and what he didn't say and what he meant and what he didn't mean, what his opinion was and not his opinion and all these things. Ain't that right? See, we're not here to take away from the word or at. We're just content with him the one that we married. We married him the person the word. Amen. So now the faith that that we the faith that this bride has is God's own faith which comes by the Holy Ghost being in you. Brother Bram said the Holy Ghost believes God's word every time. Always. God's the Holy Ghost always believes God's word every time. Amen. No matter what situation, no matter what's going on, no matter how discouraged you get, how low you get, the word, the Holy Ghost in you believes the word of God always. Ain't that right? See, so it isn't going to believe one thing today and then believe something else tomorrow and then a month from now, you know, believe something different than than than that. No, no, there's no discontentment. See, the bride just simply stays with the word of God. Come on, church. That's that's exactly where we're at. We're content with the word of God. That's exactly right. See, why? Because we know there's no other age. If we was in Luther's age, then they would have needed to come up. If we was in Wesley's age, we would have needed to come up. If we were in the Pentecostal age, we would have needed to come up because they only had part of the word. They just had a little portion of the word. But the full word has been restored to us in this age. And anything that tries to get us out of that and beyond that is of the devil. That's right. It sure is. See, it just simply stays with God's word. Now, Brother Brandon said, "Wisdom will reason." Now, wisdom will reason, but faith don't have no reasoning. It does nothing. Everybody say it does nothing but hold to the word. It holds the promise. Now, what does reasoning? I I looked up that word reasoning. It means argument, logic. See, intellectual faith just argues. It reasons with the word of God. Oh, yeah. It's true. I believe that. But, and then the argument, it lays out its argument. See? Oh, yes. I I I I believe this and I believe that, but but I I just don't. Well, then it starts laying out that argument. See where well well well if if if you if you looked at all the argument Amen you might be praying for your loved ones to get saved. Well in in all reality amen it looks totally impossible for them to get saved. And if you let the devil start laying out an argument for you will actually start arguing against the very promise that God gave you. Well, you're not to argue against the promise. You're just simply to believe it. I don't care what it looks like. I don't care how it's going to happen. I don't care when it's going to happen. God's word says it and I just simply believe it. Just simply believe. That's right. See, so intellectual faith just argues. It It finds logic. It goes with logic. Well, the word of God doesn't go with logic. Intellectual faith. So Noah, Noah when he came, he came with an unscientific message. Well, God never sent him to prove to the people that it was going to rain. Not one time out of that 120 years did God require Noah to prove to them people that it was going to rain or that his message was right. He had no proof. He just simply believed the message. Can you say amen? See, and so it wasn't Noah's job to show by education that he was right about the ra the rain coming. He was just responsible to preach the message. And the people was only responsible to believe the message. It wasn't up to the people to provide proof. You just had to believe it. Can you say amen? For them to believe Noah's message now that that's the strange thing because Noah looked dumb. He looked stupid up there. Sers's raining. It's going to rain when there science the science and the educated geniuses of that age could prove to them people there was no rain up there. Never had been rain at all. And for them people to sit there and believe the message, it made them look odd too. And so is it the message, Amen, may be odd today. It made brother Brandham look odd. It it made the people reject brother Brandham and it will make us who believe this message look odd as well. Because brother Brandham didn't have proof on everything. Amen. Of what he said. Amen. He didn't need the proof. And we don't ask for proof and we're not required to provide the proof. Amen. God said it. We believe it. That settles it. God proved it. Amen. God proved his own message. Can you say amen? So none of them could scientifically prove that rain was coming. Not one of them could scientifically prove that the ark would float. Scientifically speaking, the ark couldn't float. It was the wrong type of wood. Using soft wood instead of hard wood, using different things instead of come on. But God said it to do it that way. Amen. And Noah would simply believed and with an unscientific message built an arc, unscientific arc, but it floated exactly the way God said it would. Ain't that right? See, and so they just had to believe. God never laid the responsibility on us to prove that this message is right. He just requires us to believe it. And and genuine faith will always admit that the word is right. Brother Brandham said, "Faith will never argue against the word. It'll stay with the word. The way the word said do it, that's the way faith will recognize it." Can you say amen? Now, all of us know if you're really going to follow the word and you're going to believe that word that there's things that the word, amen, will have you doing and and believing that the world is totally against that it's against science. It's against education. It's against the way other people would do it of this world. And yet, you've got to stand there and just believe the word. You can't add to it. You can't take away from it. Come on, church. When the doctor says there's no more hope for you and you're still smiling, praising the Lord, well, will what? What is that? Is because you never detour your faith from this word. God says, "I am healed by his stripes." Yes, sir. Ain't that right? Yes, sir. Brother Brham said, 'If you try to place the days of miracles in the past and there's no such a thing and explain it away, well, there's only one word for you, brother. You're an unbeliever. Now, I'm sure you've heard of the phrase blind faith. I looked up that word. Blind faith is often described as belief without true understanding. believing without true understanding or without true perception or discrimination. It can be characterized as an unquestioning belief in something even when it is unreasonable or wrong. So blind faith has no discernment, right? It ready accepts whatever is presented without any regard to what God's word says about it. It's the gullible people who have blind faith and they are easily misled and misguided. Gullible it means easily duped, deceived, naive. So according to the Bible, the majority of people on the earth, they're gullible. Sure. And they they have this blind faith. And and and so in Matthew 24:5 and 13, but Jesus says, "Many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ and shall deceive many." Many walking right after them because they said they're the Christ, not requiring anything, not regarding what the Bible would say, just walking right after it and deceived. Yeah. 13th verse, many prophets shall rise and shall deceive many. Ain't that right? We find that the angel of the Lord foretold of this day through the prophet Daniel and and and Daniel 12:4, it says, "But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of end of the end. Many many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased." Ain't that right? See, people are going to run from one place to another, unsettled, restless, dissatisfied, discontent, following after one thing and another thing and another thing and another thing and and and and not regarding at all whether it's the word of God or not. They just got a blind faith. The prophet Amos picks it up in Amos 8:12, saying, "And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north, even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the Lord, and shall not find it." Can you say amen? So, so with the same thing that Daniel is saying, Amen. Many shall run to and fro. But Amos is now telling us why they're running to and fro. They're trying to seek the word of the Lord. Can you say amen? And shalt not find it. Ain't that right? One commentator said they shall run to and fro to find a prophet or any person authorized by God to show them the end of their calamities. See, they they're trying to find the answers, in other words, and they're looking for a prophet or looking for some spiritual person that is authorized by God to give them a word from God. Right? Can you say amen? But why are they running to and fro? Because they have not accepted thus sayeth the Lord that came from a vindicated prophet in this day. Amen. Now, Brother Brown says this day that we're living in, it's such a day of unsettled peace, unsettled rest everywhere. People are running to and fro seeking whatever they may seek. Most anybody can get a following these days. No matter what they teach or think, somebody will listen to them. It's a day that the prophet spoke of. Jesus said, "It's the blind leading the blind, and the end result is them both falling in the ditch." But see, Jesus doesn't want us to be gullible. Can you say amen? This this this this this faith that the the bride has is not a blind faith. Amen. Just accepting anything and everything. Amen. In Matthew 24:23, if any man shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ, or there, believe it not. For there shall rise false Christ and false prophets, and shall shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Behold, I have told you before, wherefore, if they shall say to you, Behold, he is in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he is in the secret chambers, believe it not. Ain't that right? And the only way to not believe that is to have a spirit of discernment to discern between right and wrong. Praise the Lord. Hello. See, so so this bride is simply believing, but it's not a blind faith. She's not just gullible as the world wants us to want wants to make us as just gullible. They're just following anything. No, we're not. All right. Come on. That's right. Amen. Hebrews 5:14. But but but strong meat belong to them that are full age, matured, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. Ain't that right? Now, I ain't going to take much longer, but we know that there are two opposing spirits. The prophet taught us that there's two opposing spirits at work in the in the world today. Both are very religious. He takes us through the Bible from beginning of Genesis all the way through. Shows us that these two spirits are very religious and and in this age they're coming to a head if they've not already. He says these spirits are the same as when they started in Cain and Abel. One is worshiping by beauty, by knowledge, by education, by science and ethics. The other is worshiping by faith of the revelation of the word of God. Amen. So the real he says the revelation or faith that a real true Christian has in God's word makes no claims of knowledge. I thought that was powerful. The faith or revelation that a Christian has in God's word makes no claims on knowledge. No claims of knowledge. In other words, makes no claims of having a doctor's degree. or coming from a doctor of divinity makes no claims of education or or having a schooling. Brother Brandham said doesn't belong to any denomination, any party, any sect. It belongs to Christ. It's his wife, not a church, his wife. We are not a church. Right. We've come through the church ages and it's been church, church, church, church. But we are the bride of Jesus Christ that has been united in union with him. Amen. Can you say amen? Brother Brandham called this bride of Christ the little faith woman that lives by faith. Amen. She just simply lives by faith. Amen. Aren't you glad you can live by faith? Brother Bram said she believes the word of God, obedient, waiting in love for the promised of the age to be confirmed. She's watching for it. She is part of that word and she is watching for her life to manifest that word. The body is waiting for which is the word. Waiting for the life which is the spirit to confirm or make it alive. That's what she's waiting for. No other life will work in her. She can't come to life any other way. Yet she feels it out there. She knows it's going to happen. And then here it happens. And then she wakes up. God said, "Let there be." And she came forth like the first one come forth. Can you say amen? So we find that these two spirits both are going to have a bride. Satan's going to have a bride. He's got his bride here on earth. Christ has his bride on earth. They're called, they're coming in a oneness, a union. Satan's bride is a prostitute. Bible calls her a the mother of harlots. Why? She claims to be Christ of Christ. She claims that Christ is her husband. And yet she's belongs to a a denomination at the same time. And and this bride is made up of what the Bible would call children of disobedience. And and brother Brandham said, 'What is disobedience? Rebellion against the word. Ain't that right? So these are illegitimate children claiming to be part of the church but illegitimate. Amen. To the word of God. Claiming to be part of the bride, but illegitimate to the word of God. Ain't that right? See, the prophet said she is the devil's bride wrapped in his religious sinloving knowledge for this present evil age to deceive you. Oh, a click or a denomination of seducing spirits by scientific knowledge and a modern civilization. See, she's claiming this church, this Satan's bride, she's claiming that she is building a great world for us to live in. Now, Brother Brandham said, you know, talking about Florida, he said they're trying to bring on a millennium without repentance. Ain't that right? Trying to bring all this beauty in. trying to bring in a millennium without repentance. So see, she has built fine churches, colleges, schools, hospitals, libraries, and temporary help for man without God's word. That's what a prophet says. See, and the people has fallen for it. The people have just sworn to it, and all of it's been done out apart from God's word. Yeah. See, prophet said she has taken the people and educating them into a better so-called civilization by knowledge away from God and his word. She has thrown the people into a pit of death. Amen. Got them looking to medical. I got them looking to scientific things, politicians, got them looking to education. And God's word has been left alone. Amen. Now they're telling a better world, a better America. Oh, great things are coming. Apart from God's word, and she's gotten the be people to believe this. She has built colleges. She has built universities. She has built hospitals. She has built libraries. She has built all of these things for temporary help of man. just enough to deceive them to get off of that word. Yeah. Can you say amen? Amen. And by her scientific knowledge, she has been able to be produce all of this outside or apart from the word of God. So, brother Bram said, see, she's so preated with Satan's wisdom and knowledge. The church has become, see, they send their people away to school to learn how to say amen just right. They learned them how to say all of this and be very intellectual. What is it? It's pregnantation of the devil. What did Satan pregnant Eve with? To disbelieve the word for intellectuals. And it ruined the whole creation. That's exactly what she's done in the world in the world today, the church. She's pregnantated herself with Bible schools and colleges and things like that. reading, writing, arithmetic, and they know more know more about God than a hot and tot. They know all their creeds, their prayer books, and everything else, but know nothing about God. Can you say amen? See, so this is exactly what Satan's bride has done and is doing and is achieving to where the people no longer know anything about the supernatural part of God. Amen. Oh my. It's amazing that even 33 years after the day of Pentecost that James is writing the church and and warning them and compelling them to contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Now we're living in an age where faith is slow. Brother Brown says the church has turned the people over to the doctors, especially psychiatrists. People can't believe in the supernatural anymore. They can't believe in miracles anymore. The doctor's word has more effect upon the people than God's word does. Politicians have more influence on the people than God's word does. The media reports have more influence over the people striking fear and all these things in the heart more than the than the than than the word of God has an effect upon them. Denominational creeds and dogmas and programs have more sway over the people than the word of God does today. Can you say amen? But this is why the the prophet of Malachi 4, his message is so important to us. Is because his message was to restore or turn us back to the faith. Can you say amen? Restore that faith unto us. Now, people say, "Oh, you've been brainwashed." No, we've been restored back to the faith. We just simply believe God's word regardless. Amen. Amen. Come on now. I know Satan tries to get us to try to explain things. How are you going to get healed? How you you've been in this situation forever. How are you going to find your deliverance? It ain't up to me to explain it. All I know is God's word is true and it's going to happen according to God's word. Amen. Yes. You understand? God never did ordain us to build hospitals and schools and libraries, all that. You know what he commanded the church to do? Preach the gospel. And the gospel is the power of God demonstrated by the Holy Spirit. See, so now notice what the prophet said. Satan keeps the people from seeing the true revelation and faith of God's word being revealed and vindicated today. I'll say that again. It's Satan that is keeping the people from seeing the true revelation and faith of God's word being revealed and vindicated today by his schools, libraries, literature, hospitals, and so forth. He keeps them from it. We used to not fear germs until science discovered them. Now everybody's just germ phobic. Yeah. as if they're going to come down with some disease. But you know what? We've had that journey been there all along. But we didn't know it. We just took God at his word, didn't we? It seemed like the more they discover things and the more Amen. The more fear people get. They forget about what God said to 2,000 years ago, they forget what God has been doing. They forget that God's rode back the Red Sea. They forget the fact that there was three Hebrew boys thrown in a fiery furnace. God wasn't there the first step, second step. He wasn't there the last step, but when they got in that fiery furnace, there he was. And they come out unscathed. That's right. All right. But see, he keeps them from from this. He is now interpreting as he did to Pharaoh, trying to keep the people from seeing the meaning of the vindicated word of his promised age in the evening light. Vindicated and proved. Now, did you notice that we're not not blind faith? This bride has. It's faith in something that has actually been proved. Do you believe it? This message has been proved. Amen. And God didn't raise up a scientist to prove it. Amen. God didn't raise up some doctor of divinity to prove that this message is right. He didn't even ask us to prove it. He proved it himself. That's right. Can you say amen? And it just so happened that the scientific discovery of man caught it. That's right. Amen. And God's own critic took its picture. That's right. Ain't that right? So God proved his word himself, but he's Satan is trying to keep the people from seeing the meaning of the vindicated word of his promised age in the evening light vindicated and proved. He has tried by his knowledge and schools and better educated people and ethics and so forth to keep them from seeing that the message in other words the vindication anything so that they won't look at that and see that that's Jesus Christ. How many believes the message is Christ? Why? Because Satan hadn't been able to keep us from it. How you know it's Jesus Christ? He says he is the word and he's the word of this age. Ain't that right? So we find brother Brandham in his prayer he said this. We pray God that you'll so impregnate us with thy word that we can see only him. Amen. God impregnate us with his word with thy word that we can only see Christ. That's right. Can you say amen? Is that what you want? Amen. Christ is in the message. Christ is the word. And that's what Satan wants us to keep from seeing. He wants us to get so busy trying to prove the message is right. He wants us to get so bothered by the skeptics out there and and all these things to where we're afraid just to simply believe the message. But somebody is just simply going to believe this message. Somebody is simply taking the message and saying what a prophet said. Not to be ashamed of what a prophet said. Not to be scared of to say what a prophet said. The bride and the prophet and the spirit are going to be saying the same thing. Can you say amen? Brother Brham said everyone will belong to either the body of God which is by the word or the body of Satan by the church. The whole world will have to belong to some church. It worships some god. You've got to worship either the god of knowledge. You rely upon what you hear by knowledge. You rely upon this and that and the other. Or you rely upon God's word by faith, watching for him to vindicate it and make it true. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. We could go more and more, but we'll leave it there. But she is just believing God's word. Simply believing. And she is speaking it. She is taking the word that she's received in her heart and she is speaking it. She speaks it in the midst of doubt, criticism, unbelief in a world that is so far from God. Yet she still speaks it because that's she just simply believes. May be unscientific to the world. It may may be just a word. She just looks dumb with no explanations. How how how are you going to get a body change? How how are you how's the rapture really going to happen? How are you going to be part of that? I can't explain them things. But you know what brother Brandham said? If you can explain it, then it's not faith. You have to you have to accept God by faith. You cannot explain God. You you cannot sit down and teach God in in one two three. It has to be it it it it you you have to accept God. Not reason God, not explain God. Accept God. Can you say amen? And when you can truly accept God, then you just let him have his way and accept his ways in whatever he does because it's right. Amen. Can you say amen? It's the musicians will come. Praise the Lord. Amen. I can't explain how a man could stand in this age and tell me that I'm justified and that I never did it in the first place. But I believe it. I believe it. I can't explain how a prophet could tell me that I am the virtuous, sinless bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. But I believe it. My mind, my body, the carnal part of me wants to try to explain that. But you can't explain it. You just accept it and believe it. Amen. And you live by faith. You walk by faith. You speak it just as it was spoken to you. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. I love the Lord. Do you love him? I [Music] believe I believe you're my [Music] portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Sing it again. Oh, I believe you're my healer and I believe you're you are all I need. Oh, I believe. Glory to God. I believe you're my portion and I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Oh, you hold my every moment. You calm my rage and [Music] cease. You walk with me through the fire and heal all my disease. [Music] And I trust in you. Do you trust in him? I trust in you. Yeah. And I believe you're my healer. And I believe you are all I need. Oh, I believe. Yes. And I believe you're we're married to him. We're united to [Music] him. He satisfies our longing. He satisfies our desire. You're all I need. Oh, nothing is impossible for you. Nothing is impossible. Nothing is impossible for you. You hold my world in your hands. Sing it again. Nothing is [Music] impossible for you. Nothing is impossible. Nothing is impossible for you. You hold my world in your hands. I believe you're my healer and I believe. Oh, you are all I need. I believe it. And I believe you're my portion. And I believe you more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Oh, can you lift your hands and just worship him? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're just believing. Simply believing. Resting. Hallelujah. Resting in that word of our Boaz. Bless the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh yes. I believe you're my healer and I believe you are all I need and I believe I believe you're my [Music] portion and I believe You are then enough for me. Jesus, you're all I [Music] need. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Every promise in the book is mine. and every chapter, every verse and every [Music] line. I am trusting in his word divine and every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. In every chapter, every verse and every line I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book one more time. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse and every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Can we just stand to our feet? Oh, do you love him? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are seeing the word just be manifested and fulfilled right before our eyes. It should give us more confidence. It should give us more resolve. Amen. to stay amen with the message of the hour to believe no matter what no matter what comes no matter what goes this word is right can you say amen go bless you is our prayer remember service uh Sunday morning at 11:00 and um want to keep uh those that are out of town they'll be coming back tomorrow or Friday and so uh want to keep them in our prayer Amen. God bless you. We love you. Amen. And may you have a safe trip back home. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, Lord, as we come to the close of this service, I pray, Father, that you would
