################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Brother Darrel Ward Waring for Our Inheritance - Darrel Ward.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-01
Title:    Brother Darrel Ward "Waring for Our Inheritance"
Speaker:  Darrel Ward
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co8D0JPGva8
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, [Music] [Applause] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, we are [Music] Just fill us with your power to live inside of me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh yes. Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Lord we are in your place. [Music] Oh, feel the spiritual power deep inside me. You're that living [Music] water. Oh, that ever drawing fountain. Oh, comforter and [Music] counselor. Oh, take complete control. Oh. Oh. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your name. Oh Lord, you fill us with your power and mer. Can we stand and sing it? Oh yes. Welcome. Can you make him welcome tonight? Glory our [Music] rejoice. Lord fill us with our prayer. Lord inside of me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Lord Holy Spirit. Oh we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, feel your power and live inside of me. Oh, you're that living water. Oh, that ever growing fountain. Oh, come return to the counselor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, welcome to We are [Music] Lord. Oh, live inside of me. Oh yes, you're that living water. Oh that ever growing fountain. No comforter and [Music] counelor. Just take complete control. Oh, [Music] welcome. Oh, [Music] fearless. Amen. Are you glad to serve the Lord? Amen. It's good to uh be here once again. Good to see all the smiling faces. Amen. Did you come to dine tonight? Amen. As a table spread where the saints of God are fed, he invites his chosen people to come and die. Now with his hand at he does feet. Oh, supplies my every need. Oh, it's sweet up with Jesus every time. Oh come and die in the master calling come and oh you make feast at Jesus table all the time and he who fed the multitude turn the water into the hungry call it now come and [Music] die Christ for the master called them just come and thine. There they found their hearts desired. Bread and fish upon the fire. Oh, he satisfies the hungry every time. Oh, come in. And the master call come and die. Oh, you make feast at Jesus table all the time. And he fed the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry, call it now. Come and buy now. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. Oh, it will be a glory sign. All the saints wine. And with Jesus, we will feast eternally. Oh, come and dine. The master call. Come and dine. Oh, you make feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude turns the water into wine. To the hungry call now. Come and die. I like this. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever shine. All the host of heaven will ascend me. Oh, it will be a glory sight. All the saints is glorified and with Jesus we will feast eternally. Oh come the master calling come and die. where you may feast at Jesus table all the time and he can fill the walls of cheer turn water into wine to the hungry come. Are you hungry tonight? Oh come and die. Oh you made feast at Jesus table all the time. He who gave the multitude turn the water into wine. Turn to the hungry call him come and die. For he who gave the multitude turned water into wine. To the hungry calleth come and [Music] die. Amen. Can you give the Lord a praise offering? Amen. I come hungry tonight. Amen. It ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And old Pharaoh looked like he had the victory. But the waters rolled back with the breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter. stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now, oh Joshua took a walk around Jericho. And you told him, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, and it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. And it ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may fall stumbling on everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. It ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now Elijah, all them prophesying that he was wrong. Oh, send the fire down to the gods. They prayed all day long. Then Elijah prayed and down came the fire. It ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart in two. Oh, all the pieces I couldn't man with the strongest glue. Oh my Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, shuffling everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turn blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you now. This body is slowly dying without within. But I ain't worried. Those hin worms eat my skin cuz you'll open heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for Do you believe that tonight? Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may fall some everything I do. Oh, I'm in my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for [Music] you. Amen. Whatever you have need of tonight, it's nothing for him. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? You deserve it. Amen. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift up holy hands in reverence to your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we bow our hearts before you and magnify thy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You serve me and be the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift up all the years in reverence to your name. You deserve the glory in the [Music] honor. Lord, we bow our hearts before you and magnify for you are great. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. Here do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else. You deserve the glory. You deserve the Lord. Yes, you do, Lord. Lift up holy hands in reference to your name. You deserve the glory. Oh, and the honor. Lord, we bow our hearts before you and magnify thy name. For you are great manifested in this age. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you're the lamb that was slain before the world. Oh worthy to [Music] redeem. Oh worthy to redeem. Oh you are the word revealed in this day. You're changing us [Music] into. Oh the image of your son. You are the light that has opened up our eyes. Now we see ourselves in you. Oh, now we see ourselves in you. You deserve the glory. Oh, and the honor. Our lift up morning, the reverence to your name. You deserve the glory. Oh, and the honor. Lord, we bow our hearts before you and magnify your name before you are. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else. Amen. as they would just play softly. I only have uh just one written prayer request uh tonight. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother uh Mark um Spencer if he would come and lead us tonight in prayer. But it says uh please pray for brother um Emanuel Wade. He is currently at u at the ER being evaluated for a possible GI bleed. Amen. So let's just keep him in our prayers tonight. Amen. Amen. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. I know there's many needs here tonight. Amen. There's nothing too hard for our Lord. Amen. And we want to keep the man of God in our prayers as he brings forth the word. [Music] Amen. Amen. How many believers we have here tonight? How many desire something from this meet tonight? We're looking for Jesus Christ to come on the scene. You brought your liquor fire with you. Join together with our brothers and sisters. The body of Christ is gathered here. Amen. We've come to worship him. Amen. This is the quietest earth you're going to be on. It's time to praise him. This is a meeting to worship God. Almighty God, we just bow our heads to you, Lord, this evening. And we just bow our heads, Lord, in honor and glory back unto thee, Lord. Thanking you, Lord, for an opportunity to be back in a service, Lord. Lord, it seems like only yesterday that we walked away from this meeting and now we're standing here in a meeting again this year. Lord, we've gathered together, Lord. People of like faith, Lord, have gathered under this tent, Lord. Lord, to join our elix of fire together, the Holy Ghost, the spirit of God, Lord, I'm asking you, Lord, to come and anoint this meeting, Lord. Lord, may as we prayed this week and we've sought you, Lord, asking you to come and be with brother Shawn and his family here, Lord, and anointing this tent with your presence, Lord, Lord, may you come, Lord, like that dove descending down, Lord, upon each one of our hands, upon our hearts, Lord, Lord, that you descend, Lord, that your spirit, Lord, and the peace of you would come, Lord, into our lives, Lord. Lord, we come to get closer to thee, Lord. Lord, we could we could go anywhere, but Lord, we've come to worship you, Lord. And to thank you, Lord, for an opportunity to be in your service, Lord. I pray, Lord, you would continue to touch these requests, Lord. Lord, I know there was only one, but Lord, there was many hands that was raised, Lord. Lord, behind each one of those hands was divine gravity, asking you to come, Lord. It says, ask in faith, believe it, Lord. And we're living in the age. It says speak it and believe it, Lord. Lord, but we're the body of Christ is gathered together, Lord. Minister to Lord. be with brother Daryl, Lord, as he ministers, Lord. Be with each one of the ministers this week, Lord. Lord, may this speak a word, Lord. Lord, it will just anoint our heart, Lord, to keep going, never giving up, but pressing on, Lord, remembering my brother in prayer that you continue to give him strength, Lord. Lord, never want to give up, Lord. Lord, I thank you, Lord, for the testimony of Brother Amos. Lord, praying, Lord, you continue to touch his body, Lord. We ask us all for your glory, Lord. May your will be done inside of our lives. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. Glory to glory and the honor. Lord, we lift up holy hands. As the brothers come for the offering, reverence to your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we bow our hearts before you. We magnify thy name for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen, brother J. Lord Jesus, we just love you. Father, we want to say thank you for blessing us for another year to have these meetings. Father, we ask you to come down tonight in a mighty way. We ask you to just to continue to be throughout the whole weekend, Father. And every service, Father, every song that sung, we want to say thank you in Jesus name. Amen. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Well, I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. And there's no one there's no one like him. Well, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. You see, I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. And there's no one there's no one like him. Well, there's no one there's no one. As brother Nathaniel Martin Couch. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Sing it again. There's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Well, there's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Amen. You can be seated. [Music] Lately, I've been looking back along this winding road to the old familiar markers and the mercies I have known. I know it might sound simple, but it's more than a cliche. There's no better way to tell you than to say God's been good in my life. I feel so blessed beyond my wildest dreams when I go to sleep each night. And though I've had my share of hard times, I wouldn't change them if I could. Cuz through it all, my God's been good. Times replay and I can see that I've cried some bitter tears. But I felt his arms around me as I face my greatest fears. You see, I've had my gains and losses. And I've known more joy than hurt as his grace were down upon me. Undeserved. God in my life. I feel so blessed beyond my wildest dreams when I go to sleep each night. Though I've had my share of hard times, I wouldn't change them if I could. Cuz through it all, God's been good. Oh, for God has been my father, my savior, and my friend. His love will be my beginning. His love will be my end. I can spend forever trying to tell you everything he is. But the best the way I can say it is this. God's been good in my life. I feel so blessed. beyond my wildest dreams when I go to sleep each night. And though I've had my share of hard times, I wouldn't change them if I could. Cuz through it all, God's been good. Sing it again. Oh, God's been [Music] [Applause] good in my life. I feel so blessed beyond my wildest dreams as I go to sleep each night. Though I've had my share of hard times, wanted to change him if I could. Cuz through it all, God's been good. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Has the Lord been good to you? Amen. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. In all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lift my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. Yes, you have. And all my life you have been so so good. every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. [Music] I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. Oh, and I have lived in the goodness of God. Sing it now. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. You've never failed me. In all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I enable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, and all my life you have been [Music] faithful. Oh yes, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Can we sing it again with no music? Oh, and all my life you have. Yes, you have, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that [Music] I of God, let the redeemed say so. All my life you have been faithful. Has he been faithful to you? Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. every breath that I give. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Can you give the Lord some praise tonight? Oh, he's been so faithful to us. He's never left us alone. Amen. We serve a wonderful savior. Amen. Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we get ready to invite our pastor to come? My God is awesome. My God is awome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. He hides me from the rain. Oh my God is awome. He heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened forever. He will reign. Sing it again. My God is ours. Oh, he can move fountains. Keep me in the valley. He hides me from the rain. Oh my God is awesome. He heals me when I'm broken. Gives me strength where I've been weak. Forever he will reign. Oh my God is awome. Oh, he's awesome. He's awesome. Oh, awesome. My God is awesome. Oh, he is awesome. Yes, awesome. Oh, awome. My God is awesome. He is savior of the whole world. He is giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. Oh my God is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Oh praise his holy name. Oh my God is [Applause] awesome. [Music] Yeah. God is awome. Oh awome. Awome. He is awome. He is awome. Well, do you believe it this evening? Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. He has done so much for us in this age and made himself known to us. We're not serving a god of history or what someone has said about him, but we have personally witnessed him in this age. And that demands a response from us um as the bride of Christ to worship him, to magnify him. And you know, it's just a feeble effort to be able to sing songs, say that he's awesome. He's so more than awesome. He's he's just so good to us and um we're just uh really honored to have you all this uh evening and uh looking forward to what God has is in store for us and believing he's going to do great things. And uh I you know where two or three are gathered in his name, he promised that he would be with us and um Amen. And there's definitely more than two or three. And so I I know that whatever you have need of uh uh God is going to meet them needs. How much's come expecting God to do something for you? Amen. And um uh uh we uh just want to welcome you uh here and and uh we've just really been looking forward to having you all. And there's a um I was just reading a a a prayer that Brother Brandham prayed uh one of his sermons and I think it describes us here this evening that he said, "Heavenly Father, as the day is growing dim now, the signs of his appearing is at hand. We see the church, that little handful of elected called out, predestinated before the beginning of the world. names are put on the lamb's book of life before there was a foundation of the world. The Holy Spirit has sought through the nations and around the world until it's called this little group. And all the father has given me will come to me. And all that comes to me I give him everlasting life and raise him up at the last day. We see that little group gathering itself together out of every denomination, out of every church, out of every village. God getting his little group ready, letting the morning stars shine upon them as they see the approaching of the Lord Jesus. How many can identify that you're one of them? Amen. I'm so glad that God has called us out of this world and we're in a world of gross darkness and and people blinded and yet the shining star is shining upon us and I'm so glad for that. How many's come ready to hear the word of the Lord? Amen. I'm I'm ready. and and uh we've got brother Daryl Ward that's going to minister to us and we certainly appreciate uh Brother Daryl and his ministry and uh laboring for the kingdom of God preaching the message uh everywhere he goes. Amen. And I know we're not going to be disappointed tonight. And you know, Brother Brandham tells us that we pull on the gift. And uh and so uh you know, if you have, I know you may be a little bit tired and all, but uh uh just press past that tiredness. I don't think there needs to be any ice breaking here tonight. Uh uh we're believers and and so uh we just want Brother Daryl to to take his time and whatever the Lord has laid upon his heart, just preach to us. We're hungering. We're going to pull and we'll see God manifest himself. Can you say amen? Amen. So, let's just sing. Our God is awome. Oh, awome. He is awome. Oh, [Music] awome. Our God is awesome. [Music] Awesome. My God is [Music] awesome. Awesome. Awesome, our [Music] Lord. Amen. Amen. You know, that word don't even seem really adequate enough to describe just how great he is. What a privilege it is in this hour when the world don't even know what to believe anymore. And with this artificial intelligence, you look at something, you don't even know if it's real or not real. But I'm so glad that in all this era of fake news that we've got the good news. Amen. Aren't you grateful for that? Tonight we bring you greetings from my pastor, brother Donnie Reagan in the Word of Life Church down home. I just want to just make sure I say greetings to you. And certainly good to be here this evening with the elect of God, the bride of Jesus Christ, gathered together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Oh, ain't no better place to be. You know, there just something about a tent meeting. It's just a special atmosphere. You know what I mean? I was telling the brothers, my first experience I ever had with the with God was in a tent when I was a little boy, about three-year-old. My daddy, he was a tent boy for a man named Bobby Puit. And I just remember a little bit of it cuz I was, like I said, I was three. [Applause] It had rained and it was real muddy and I come around the tent and slid and fell on a tent stop, big old tent stop that and I broke my collar bone and of course crying. They took me into the tent and up on the sawdust and wheelchair ramp and I was muddy. I just remember parts of it. But this man named Bobby Puit prayed for me. When he did, God instantly healed me of a broken collar bone. If he can do that in that tent, he can do it in this tent. Amen. Amen. It's an honor to stand with these brothers who's bringing the word this week. And I certainly feel the least of all of them. And I want to thank brother Shawn and Faith Tabernacle for their labor of love to provide this special time of gathering for us. And may God bless them abundantly. for their labor, all those that cooked and all that's done. Thank you so much from the bottom of our hearts. And we just count it a real honor to be here. Glad to have my wife with me. Always good to have her here. And most important, so glad that he's here. If you have your Bibles this evening, turn with us to the book of 2 Corinthians. Want to read from 2 Corinthians chapter 6 verse 10. Thank you, buddy. 2 Corinthians 6:10 and then we're going to read from uh Genesis 22 starting at verse 15. May the Lord richly bless you be my prayer. The Bible says this, "As sorrowful yet always rejoicing. As poor yet making many rich, as having nothing yet possessing all things." All right. Genesis 22:15. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time and said, "By myself have I sworn, sayith the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, that thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as a sand which is upon the seashore. And thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies. and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed. Why? Because thou hast obeyed my voice. Let us pray. I want to speak to you for a few minutes this evening on waring for our inheritance. Right. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful in our hearts to call you Father and thank you Lord for all that you've done for us. Yes. That Lord, we pray this evening that we could just get oursel out of the way, Lord, that you could speak to the hearts of your children. Lord, our faith could rise up and receive those things which already belong to us. And Lord, in the meetings this coming week, Lord, may you come among us, dear God. May you reignite the fire burning in the souls of your people. Father, Lord, may our sick be healed and the weak be made strong. May those dear God, who need the token, may it be applied this week, Lord, we pray. And Father God, those who are held in bondage, Lord, of addictions, may they be delivered, dear God. For Lord, when you went down into Egypt, you destroyed Pharaoh's army. You broke the chains of oppression and set your people free. And Lord, when you come to our Egypt, hallelujah, you will do the same thing for the God of the first Exodus is the God of this Exodus. We commit it into your hands for your glory. Bless you people. Now we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you. May be seated. Now, we understand by the scriptures that Abraham is the father of the faithful. And the promise was made to Abraham. And we are heirs to the promise through Christ. Now Abraham was faithful to his call and the promise of the word that God gave him. And the prophet of God said that he was an example to what we should be. For we being dead in Christ were Abraham's seed and heirs according to the promise according to Galatians 3:29. Now you cannot be the seed of Abraham without having the faith of Abraham. Oh, that's good. You cannot be the seed of Abraham without having the faith of Abraham. Now Abraham was just an ordinary man. At one time Abraham was actually an idol worshipper. So what does that tell us about God? That we serve a God who has transforming power. Now transforming power is the ability to bring about a dramatic change. We serve a God who has the ability to bring about a dramatic change. He can transform a drunk to a preacher. Ask me how I know that. Hallelujah. He can transform a drunk to a preacher. He can transform a street harlot to a lady. He can transform bitter water, transform bitter water and make it sweet. He can transform a sinner to a saint. He can transform the world when it was dark and void and make it a garden of Eden by the transforming power of the almighty God. Brother said that's the transforming power of God that he could take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. God's transforming power. He took five biscuits and two fish and fed 5,000, not counting women and children. And the prophet of God said he took cooked fish and broke it off and it was still cooked fish. He took baked bread and broke it off and it was still baked bread. He said, "What kind of Adams did he let loose?" He was God, the creator of Adams and of all things. And God by his transforming power is going to take these old frail bodies of ours one of these days and he's going to change them. Hallelujah. in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. Are you thankful for that tonight? And you young people sitting here, don't think you're going to be robbed. You're going to be transformed from youth to eternal youth by the transforming power of the almighty God. Ability to bring about a dramatic change, then we serve that God tonight. He's a He's able to bring about a dramatic change in this tent meeting this week. Amen. Now, we understand that the Bible that Abraham wasn't even looking for God. Yeah. But God came looking for Abraham. And as Abraham's seed, we can say the same thing. When Adam, the first son was lost, who came looking for him? God did. Then who comes looking for every lost son and daughter of God? God does. Then I ask you tonight, who came looking for you? Not a creed, not an organization, not a denomination, not a phone, but God himself. Amen. Has come looking for us? Amen. I never saw God. You never saw God. But it was always him seeking me. When I was lost in the darkness, he came and found me. Amen. And brought me into the light. Because God by his fornowledge knew that Abraham would believe him when he spoke. So God sought out Abraham because he knew Abraham would believe him. And God sought you out cuz you was predestinated to receive this message. You was born for such a time as this. This is our day, our hour, our season, our moment, the manifestation of the sons of God. That the same God that that was manifested in the bridegroom is now manifesting in the bride. Amen. Then let us be like Abraham and never doubt God when he speaks to us. Our emotions a lie to us. Sensations a lie to us. Feelings a lie to us. Governments a lie to us. Politicians They'll lie to us, but the word of God will never lie to us. Amen. God said to Abraham, "Because you have obeyed my voice, I have swore by myself, because there's nothing greater to swear by that thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies." Not maybe, not hope so, not could be, but shall. Shall. And shall in the Bible is used to indicate a command or an obligation. All right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To indicate a command. You shall possess a command, an obligation. The same God that said, "Let there be light as a command and light come forth." That same God said, "You shall possess the gates of your enemies." Amen. Now, Abraham was heir to all by the promise so he could lay claim to everything that was in the land and the land itself. All right. Come on. Now, Abraham had been given a promise. Not an emotion, not a sensation, but a promise. Amen. Sorry about the buzz in there. I guess it's Amen. Amen. Now we understand Abraham. Think about this. He was the poorest man in all the country because he lived out there in the desert. And the prophet said he lived in peace with God. And Lot was rich and lived in the city and become a governor of the city. And he sat in the gate. He was a judge and judged the city and had all the riches of Leona if we could say it that way. But Abraham was in the desert. But it's in the desert place that God does his greatest miracles. Amen. The perhaps the prophet said the poorest man in all the land and yet a claim to possess it all. Yeah. This man probably didn't have $20 to his name and yet he said, "You see all this? It's mine." Come on. Poor fellas lost his mind. He did. He did lose his mind. He got the mind of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How could he believe that? How could a man that was living out in the desert, poorest man in the How could he possibly be believed that he owned it all? How could he claim that? How could he say this is all mine? I'll tell you why. Because God said so. [Applause] Oh, tonight we may not be rich in this world's goods, but we possess all things according to the Bible. The church itself possesses all things. Say it with me. The church The church possesses all things. All things. Oh my. Devil's nervous. He's dialing 911 on my watch. The prophet said, "I I say this, my friend, to every one of you, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that every person in here was healed when Jesus died at Calvary. It's your possession." Amen. Amen. Every Christian in here, you have a legal right to everything that Jesus died for. He died his death there at the cross. and gave that life that you and I might have a legal right to every redemptive blessing he died for. The prophet said it's yours. You're just afraid to possess it. You're just afraid to claim it. But let this be the week that fear is cast out. Amen. That you claim Hallelujah. You claim what you possess. Your legal rights to every redemptive blessing he died for. Hallelujah. Whatever you need, whatever you're facing, whatever situation you're in, whatever it would be, may it be met this week in the Jesus name. And one day the gentile kings declared war and they come into Solomon and declared Sodom declared war and took Lot, Abraham's nephew. Took him and Lot's wife and the children and all the rest of them and left the country. In Genesis 14:14, when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive and the prophet said, "Brother, I like that his brother," he he said, "look what Lot had done to him." But yet, there was some kind of a tie that binds. And Abraham went with the attitude, he's my brother. You know, during World War II, the Americans was being overran by the Germans, and they got the order to retreat. Now, I was in the military. Some of you brothers in the military, you know there's a code of conduct among soldiers. We leave no one behind. Many of good soldiers died on the battlefield trying to get a person off the field because it's a code of honor among brothers. We do not leave our wounded or our dead on the battlefield. No one's left behind. And so they had orders to retreat and there was a man wounded. And this young boy jumped up and went running out there and grabbed the man up and was trying to carry him. The man was bigger than him, heavier than him. He'd been shot through the hips and blood was pouring out of him. And it wasn't long till both of them was covered in blood. You couldn't even tell which one was shot. And the sergeant saw the young man. He said, "Soldier, drop that man. Drop that man. We We got to retreat to the rear. We'll get him later. If we stay here, we're all going to die." And he turned around and the boy was like a fireman's ladder. Had him up on his shoulder still trying to carry him. Waited the side. He turned around. He said, "Son, he drop that man. We'll get him later. We've got to go to the rear. We're all going to die. We're being overrun. And he turned around the third time. He said, "Son, as your non-commission officer, I command you, drop that man. He's too heavy for you to carry." And the boy yelled back and said, "Sarge, he ain't heavy. He's my brother." He was trying to get his brother off the battlefield. Perhaps he told Mama, before they left, she said, "Take care of Johnny. He ain't too smart." Yeah, mama. I'll make sure I bring him home. He was trying to keep a promise. And no matter what Lot had done, he was still Abraham's brother. And I say to you tonight, you're not heavy. You are my brother. I need you. You need me. We need one another. [Applause] When Abraham heard that he was in trouble, he went and got him. Now, Abraham's men were farmers, not warriors. 318 farmers went down after these kings who held Lot and his family. Now, why why in anyone's right mind would 300 farmers with rakes and pitchforks and axes and whatever more would go down against the army of king's armies? I'm not talking about boy scouts. I'm talking about these are the kings. You think the kings are going to have boy scouts around them guarding them? They're going to have the elite of the elite of the elite. The best of the best of the best and 318 farmers being led by Abraham went up against a bunch of kings and their armies. What made Abraham so sure, oh God, that he could win this battle? Because Abraham, come on, sir. Had a revelation that God had given him the land and all that was in it. And he acted on his belief that what God said was true. He acted on the word of God. And let us be that kind of a people. Amen. Not be a people who says wish to believe the word and never act on it. But let's be a people like Abraham who acted on the word that God gave him. Amen. Look at Noah. How do we know Noah believed God? How do we know he believed God? He built the boat before the rain ever fell. Hallelujah. Come on. Hallelujah. in the seed of Abraham. You can walk out of here testify and you're healed while you're still in pain because pain has nothing to do with it. [Music] Look at Joshua before one rock ever come out of that building of the walls of Jericho. Joshua walked around the walls shouting the victory. Oh, there ought to be a shout in the camp tonight. We are not defeated. Come on, friends. We are not defeated. We are the overcomers. [Applause] How do we overcome? By the blood of the lamb and by our testimony. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God. By faith, he saw the victory. He knew the walls was coming down because he was looking at the unseen. You see, you have two sets of eyes. The eyes of your head. That's what the devil uses to make sure you see the MRI and the X-ray and That's right. But God gave us another set of eyes. That's right. And we look at the unseen things. He He knew the walls was coming down because he's looking at the unseen. It was a promise that God made. Walking around shouting the victory. And the prophet said, "How much can you walk around that wheelchair? How much can you walk around that cancer? How much can you walk around that sin?" shouting the victory. God's give the promise when you can see him who is invisible. Amen. Hallelujah. How much can you walk around that diabetes? How much can you walk around that marital trouble? How much can Come on, somebody. How much can you walk around that fear and that bondage? Shouting the victory because God has already gave us the victory. Amen. When that pulsating comes into your heart and begins to pulsate, hallelujah. I am the Lord who health all thy diseases. Well, the doctor says it's incurable. That's what the doctor says. That's not what God said. I worked with doctors for years. They can be right and they can be wrong. That's what's called practicing medicine. Don't get me wrong, I still go to doctors. But when they say they can't help me, I know somebody who can. When they told me they couldn't help my daughter, I knew somebody who could. Oh, hallelujah. When you see that, I am the Lord thy God. He'll all die. When you see that, everything else just weakens away. God could tell Abraham that he was an heir to all the land because he knew Abraham would believe him. He was a possessor of the gate of his enemies. Why? Because God said so. He wasn't relying on 318 farmers with pitchforks. That wasn't what he was relying on to win this battle. He was trusting the God who made the promise. And listen, I'm not trusting here tonight. I'm not trusting in my ability. I ain't got no ability, but I'm trusting in a God who made the promise. Amen. I'll never leave you, nor will I forsake you. You may have trouble, but you'll not have it alone. I am with you. Yes. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Abraham went after his nephew. He went after what belonged to him. Because he was a possessor of all that was in the land. Abraham had a right to the promise. And the promise was his. Yet he had to fight to possess. Amen. There you are. There you are. That's when it kind of gets quiet when you realize you've got to fight. Amen. That's right. Yet he had to fight to possess it. The prophet said, "There you are the believer today." Yet we're heir to all things. We're heir to every spiritual blessing, every physical blessing, every blessing the Bible promises. Yet you have to fight for every inch of it. That's the way God has got it set up. It's always been that way. You have to fight to possess what you know is your own. Hallelujah. Oh God, tonight give us strength, Lord, to fight to possess what we already own. Then if we have to fight, let our fight start tonight by our confession of what the word says is ours. That's where the fight will begin. That's where the battle begins is when you tell the devil, "This is my land. This is my property. That's my boy. That's my daughter. That's when the fight begins. But you've got to make that confession. Out of your own mouth, you'll be justified. Out of your own mouth, you'll be condemned. I say tonight, let's say what the word says. My word will fail. Your word will fail. God's word will never fail. Waring for our inheritance. When Abraham returned from the slaughter of the kings, the king of Sodom told him, he said, "Take the spoils." And Abraham said to the king of Sodom, "I'll not take a thread to a shoe latch. I don't want none of it." He didn't fight the war to make a lot of money. And real true battles are not made with selfish motives. Wars are not fought for money, but wars are fought for motives and for principles. Men fight war for principles. And when Abraham went out to get Lot, he didn't go because he knew he could whip the kings and take all their possessions. He went out for the principle of saving his brother. And any minister that's sent out under the inspiration of the king of heaven will not go for money. Neither will he go to make big churches. Neither will he go to inspire denominations. He'll go for one principle, and that's to bring back his fallen brother. Listen, I come to this service tonight with this principle to war against the devil. Not to get a name, not for popularity. I ain't interested in that. But to get my fallen brother, amen, the one that Satan has tied down and says there's no hope to loose him and let him go by the power of the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Solomon said there's a time for peace and there's a time for war. Let these meetings this week be a time of war to war against Satan and his army. There's nothing wrong with fighting if you're fighting for the right principle. Abraham said, "I was reading at tombstone the other day in the museum. Saw the picture of Donabo. Many of you think Dono was a renegade. But to me, he was a genuine American. He was only fighting for that which God had gave him. Fighting for that which was right. That God had given him a land and a nation and a place to live. Not fighting for popularity. Not fighting for a name, but fighting for a land and a nation that God gave him. Said I don't blame him. And when those white soldiers come in there by force, took over the land, killing him out like a bunch of flies. And that was the original picture of Donimo's medical headquarters or his hospital. It was two or three pieces of blanket over a piece of mosquite and then wounded real genuine American Indians fighting for their god-given rights. And there Gerono with a baby of his own on his hip standing there looking up on his own warriors bleeding and dying with no penicellin or nothing to help them. No way to help them. A genuine God-given American. Then you call him a renegade. I call him a gentleman. We're not waring for selfish motives tonight. But Satan's took some of our possession. It's time for the seed of Abraham to rise up and get it back to declare war on hell and all its demons. This means war. Amen. You need to let the devil know tonight, you can't have my increase. You can't have my family. You can't have my health. You can't have my joy. You can't have my anointing. You can't have my ministry. You can't have my family. This means war. Brother Bram said the American Indian lost this land because they were divided among themselves. And Satan's tactic is always to divide and conquer. You one of my favorite characters in history, Dono. I guess you could tell that Gono invaded the United States Army and the Mexicans for 25 years. And when he surrendered, there's just a handful of them left. And they said it took an Apache to catch an Apache. So they went and got the what they call the White Mountain Apache. And they made them sergeants and corporals and privates and gave them guns and uniforms and sent them after Geronimo. And Dono, they never captured him. He finally surrendered, just tired. And they brought him in to the fort there. And the men who had brought him in, the army lined him up, stripped him of the rank, took the weapons away from him, and put them on the same train that Geronimo and his warriors was on and sent him to Florida. And on that train, one of the White Mountain Apaches spoke up to one of Derono's warriors. Said, "You was right not to trust the white eye." Everything he told us was a lie. That's right. And Don Mo's warrior spoke up and said, "I hate you. As long as there's breath in my body, I will hate you." So why didn't you leave us alone? We was living the way the great spirit made us live. This was our land, our way of life. We was just trying to survive in our way of life. Why did you not leave us alone? I'll hate you. As long as there's breath in my body, I will hate you. And they say, Donos spoke up and said, "Do not hate him. There's too few of us left to hate one another." Listen to me. Do not let Satan divide us. There are too few of us left. We are one in the spirit. We are one in the word. Oh God, let us unite. I say, Abraham, see, let's unite ourselves tonight in the promises of God's word. It's Christ in me helping you. It's Christ in you helping me. And let us fight for our brother. Let us fight for our sister. We are the seed of Abraham. And through the promise God swore to Abraham that thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies. Say, "Brother Brandham, I need healing." The promise is yours, but if you ever get it, you ain't going to get it easy. I'm going to tell you that. You're going to have to take it away from Satan. Satan captures your health, you've got a right to go to Satan and say, "Give it back. Hand it over. I come in the name of the Lord. Possessor of heavens and earth, and I am his heir." Oh, ain't it good to know who your daddy is? Amen. Give it back, Satan. You took my child, got him mixed up with the wrong boy. Took my boy, got him mixed up with the wrong girl. I claim them. That's right. I claim my children. I claim my brother. I claim my sister. You've took them from God's house. Ced them out there, but I'm coming after them. I claim them. How do you know you can do that? How do you possibly know that you can stand up against Satan and say, "Get off my property. Give me back what belongs to me." Well, that's a good question. Let me share a little story with you. A few year ago over here in Wise Virginia, they was having a Melundian reunion. You know what a Melundian is? He's a tri-racial person. They having a Melian reunion up at Wise and a man by the name of Brent Kennedy who claimed to be a Melundian. He wrote a book called The Melundian, the resurrected of a proud people. They were tri-racial people. And so he was going to be up there at Wise for this reunion signing the book that he wrote. So me and my brother went up to the reunion cuz uh well we just [Music] went. Hey, I go anywhere on earth and be at home. I'm certainly a Hind 57. But we went up to the reunion and oh some of you here remember brother Alfred Hall. You remember brother Alfred Hall? He's probably the darkest white man I've ever seen in my life. And me and my brother, we was walking up there wise and coming around there and I and I told my brother, I said, "I tell you right now, if anybody is at this reunion, it's Alfred Hall." And we come around the corner and here come Alfred Hall with a book in his hand. He done had it autographed. And I said, "I knew you'd be here." And he was laughing. He said, he said, "The man that wrote the book told me I was one of them." The man that wrote the You didn't get it. Let me Let me try that again. He came down through there laughing, holding the book in his hand. I said, "I knew you'd be here." He said, "The man that wrote the book said, I'm one of them." Oh, you say, "How can you stand so bold?" Because the man that wrote the book has told me, "I'm one of them." Amen. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say, "I'm one of them. I'm an heir of all things. It's been given to me. I'm an heir." And not only am I an air, I am a joint air with Jesus Christ. That means whatever the father gave Jesus, that's what the father gave me. Hallelujah. I am a joint air with Jesus Christ. I am not a church member. I am not a cult. I am not an organization. I am a son of God. I can claim everything that God promised me. I can claim everything. I can claim my health. I can claim my revival. I can claim my victory. I can claim my family. I can claim deliverance. I can lay hands on the sick and they will recover. [Music] How? Because the man that wrote the book said I can't. You need to serve notice on the devil tonight. You ain't getting my children. You ain't getting my children. You need to fight him tooth and nail. Well, brother D, what if he knocks my teeth out? Then gum him to death. But never give up. Never turn back. We're not in this thing to backslide. We're not in this thing to give up. We're not in this thing to get cold. We are on fire. Let the world come and watch us burn. Amen. Why? For we are warriors. We are warriors in the army of the Lord, chosen by God. This is not a volunteer army. This is an army chosen by election for such a time as this. Look, when I was in the army, I was in a combat unit. I was with the 18th Airborne Corp up at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. I was in a combat unit. Our life expectancy was something just a couple of minutes. We direct fire support for the 82nd. I was on a 155 Hzer. That's why I can't hear good now. But when I was in the army, they gave me a steel pot. They gave me a rifle, an M16 with an 18 round banana cliff. They gave me combat boots. They gave me a pack on my back. But they gave me all this to serve my country, to fight for my country. But there's one thing they never gave me. You know what it was? A promise of victory. They said, "Take this stuff. Fight the best you can fight." But when I got into God's army, he gave me the helmet of salvation. He saw my feet with the preparation of the gospel. He gave me the sword. Hallelujah. And God gave me something the United States Army never gave me. You know what it was? A promise of victory. Look in the back of the book. No matter how bad it looks, we win. We [Applause] win. We are warriors in the army of God, chosen by God for such a time as this. And we know that through Isaac, the seed did possess the gates of his enemy. The natural seed of Abraham was Isaac. And through the seed Isaac, we find out they did possess the gates of their enemies. Why? Cuz God said they would. And the spiritual types, the natural types, the spiritual. Joshua, brother Abraham, talking about Joshua said, "God's given every sick person in here divine healing. Every one of you. Jesus is wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we're healed. It's yours, but you'll have to fight for every inch you possess. Everywhere the souls of your feet travel." God told Joshua, "I have given you." Footprints means possession. We need to be walking around. Ain't no time to sit down. Footprints means possession. Let's move in tonight. Let's go in. Footprints is possession. Let's take every inch of ground that God's gi us. If you haven't got the Holy Ghost, Peter said, "The promise is unto you and to your children, even as far off as many as the Lord our God shall call footprints his possession. Let's go get it. It's ours. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's possess it. The works I do, shall you do also. Let's possess it. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Let's possess it. You will be changed in a moment, in a twinkle of an eye. Let's possess it. You shall lay your hands upon the sick and they shall recover. Let's possess it. These are our God-given rights as believers. Don't look at the circumstances. Don't look at how hard it is. Faith masters every circumstance. Don't look at the storm. Look at the sun. Not long ago when I was flying to a meeting. We had to land in Charlotte because the weather was so bad. These people screaming, crying, everything else on this plane. We landed and sat there for a while. Finally, it cleared up a little bit. We could take off again. We come up out of that. That plane was a reeling and a rocking and a dropping and people was a yelling. But all at once, we broke through the clouds. And guess what? I saw the sun. It was always there. But the devil wants you to see the bad report. He just wants you to see the storm clouds. He just wants you to see the darkness and the gloom and the doom. But don't look at that. Look at the sun. Amen. The sun is up. Amen. Let's possess the land. The man that wrote the book, he says that we're called, we're chosen, we're elected, predestinated, an invincible army. Can we possess what the words is ours? That the word says is ours. The man that wrote the book said we can. Well, I don't feel it. He never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" And if you believed it, you might actually start feeling it. Your emotions a lie to The sensation is a lie to you. But not God's word. Joshua fought for every rich ground from one end of the country to the other one. But he had a promise. God said, "I give it to you." Whether there's giants, whether there's atheists, whether there's infidels, whether there's cold formal churches, what difference does it make? God, give the promise. Let's take it. It's ours. It belongs to us. It's our possession. Let's go get it. Don't be afraid. Don't stay back and say, "Well, I I don't know. I don't know if it'll work." Don't do that. That's a hybrid faith. Jesus never died to give us a hybrid faith, but he died and resurrected that we might have faith in what the word says. Amen. Let's take the land. Let the fire fall. Let revival break out. Let the sick be healed. Let the lost be. Declare war this week. Declare war on Satan. And go get back what he stole from you. Yeah. Hallelujah. The Hebrew children, they possessed the gates of the fiery furnace that it couldn't even burn them. Daniel possessed the enemy's gates that the lion's mouth could not even be opened. The same God that was with them is with us tonight. They thought they had Samson surrounded one time. Probably said he was just a shrimp, a mama's boy. thought they had him surrounded, but he lifted up the gates, put him on his shoulders, marched up the hill. I forget how many miles it was. Five, seven something miles. I forget. Marched up the hill, threw the gates down. Said, "You boys want your gates? Come up here and get them." Amen. He had a promise that he was a seed of Abraham and the seed of Abraham shall possess the gates of his enemy. Amen. What warriors of faith? What warriors of faith? Sometimes we get in our mind go Daniel and we get a David and we we put them way up here and oh there such and they did do great things for God. I'm not be little on that. But what you've got to realize is David was just a man like me and you. He's only a teenager when he slew a giant. They was just men like we are who believed God for their day. And when they took God at his word, God performed miracles in their life. You know, I was talking about Don a while ago. You mentioned Dono and people get in their mind of a man on a horse, a warrior, you know, with feathers and all that. But how many knows Dono drove a car? Didn't know that, huh? How many knows Dono was in the World's Fair? How many knows Dono was in Teddy Roosevelt's inauguration parade? He wore a top hat and drove a T- Model Ford. Geronimo, the warrior Gonimo, he was just a man fighting for his Godgiven rights. Amen. Amen. You said, "Brother, I'm just a housewife. I'm just a farmer. I'm just a painter. I'm just a I'm just an evangelist." That's what you see. But what does God see? He sees a warrior. Amen. All these great men of God, they died in faith. Fine warriors of faith. They all died. But I'm thinking of another seed just for a few minutes. The seed of Jesus Christ, the royal seed. What did he do? probably said he took all the gates of the enemy. He took the gate of sickness. Sickness could not exist in his presence. No sir. Neither could anything else exist in his presence. A funeral possession could not stand in his presence. No. What did he do? Joshua died. Moses died. All the rest of them died. But not this royal seed. His precious soul descended into hell where our altar went. But on that day, Samson took the gates of the city on his back. Had nothing to do with this. He took the gates of hell, the gates of the grave, and everything else. He didn't pack it up on a mountain, but he destroyed it. Hallelujah. He possessed the gate of the enemy. The atmosphere was filled with devil power above that angels or nothing could come down. There could be no intercession because the blood of goats would not take away sin. But his own blood took away sin. And he ascended up on high captivity captive and gave gifts unto men. Now everyone of Abraham's seed that's willing to pay the price to come down, repent of their sins, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and stand the test. And when he become, he possessed every gate. The gate of sickness, the gate of death, the gate of hell, the gate of temptation, the gate of the grave. He possessed every gate and freely gives it to us. Then who owns the gates tonight? We do. We do. And I say it's time we open up the gates. Hallelujah. He's made us more than conquerors to him that loves us. The man that wrote the book said, "Satan cannot deceive us whose names have been written in the book of life from the foundation of the world." The same God that spoke Christ was crucified before the foundation of the world. That same one called you at that time and wrote your name in that book. The prophet said he wrote your name with his before the foundation of the world. How can we lose? How can we be timid? Oh God, give us a backbone of faith to meet the challenge of this hour to say to Satan, "No more. You'll not come against my marriage no more. You'll not come against my family no more." Come on, somebody. We're the seed of Abraham. It's time we act like it. [Applause] How can we lose no matter how bad it look in the back of the book? It's win. We win. We win. This means war. We need to tell Satan, "You are under my feet." Several years ago, when my little girl Allison was just a little old thing, about six-year-old, I was preaching up at Phelps, Kentucky. After service, we standing outside talking to brother Eddie and brother Tom and him. Ally was standing beside me, a little old thing about like this right here. And we was just talking and Ally goes, I go, "A Allison, don't do that." I said something else. She goes, I said, "Allison, don't do that." And I said, "Some else." She goes, I said, "Allison, you're ruining my ministry. What are you doing?" She goes, "It's a bug, Daddy. It's a bug." And I looked down this bug. She's trying to stomp that bug. And that's what you need to realize tonight. Satan ain't nothing but a bug. And somebody needs to stomp him down. Somebody needs to put him under his feet. I don't care if you're just the souls of the feet of the body of Christ. Every devil, every demon, every power is under our feet. Amen. We are the victorious bride of Jesus Christ. This means war. [Applause] Shamgard. When 600 Philistines come against you, he said, I am the seed of Abraham. And he slew 600 Philistines that tried to take his lead. And if Shamgard could do that, being the natural seed of Abraham, what about you and I tonight who are the royal seed of Abraham? If the natural seed can take that much courage, what ought the royal seed do with the presence of the Holy Ghost and his anointing around us showing himself alive. We not be rich in world's goods, but we possess all things. Father said, I like that they possess it. I like possessors of the earth. What is it? The believer. The believer has a title. Abstract dream. That's right. By Jesus Christ that he shall be possessor of the entire universe. Even the speakers amen that of the entire universe. How can you say that? The man who wrote the book said so. That's right. Not because you joined the church, but because God by his fornowledge elected you and called you to Jesus and you accepted it. Can I have just five more minutes? I'll close. Here. Not long ago, me and Cheryl, the girls was in a restaurant and the waitress come up and she said, "Will there be anything else?" And I said, "No, ma'am. Just just the ticket." She said, "Well, somebody saw you in here and they paid for your meal. So, if there's nothing else, you're free to go." And I said, "Well, let let me take care of the tip." No, no tip. Everything Everything's already been took care of. It's already been paid for. So, if there's nothing else, you can walk right out that door and leave. Now, I could have argued. I could have said, "Ma'am, I don't see nobody in this restaurant that I know. Are you sure you're talking about me? Are you sure this is my table? You want me to walk out that door and that bell go ding ding ding?" Say, "He stole a steak. I could have argued. I could have debated. I could have even tried to pay for it myself." Yeah. Or I could accept the fact that someone paid the price for my meal and accept it and believe it and confess it and walk right out that door with a belly full of steak. So what do you think I did? I walked right out that door with a belly of steak. And if you can believe it tonight, friends, the same principle applies that Jesus Christ paid the price for everything we have need of. It's already been paid for. Life is mine. He paid for it. Life is yours. He paid for it. Healing is mine. He paid for it. Healing is yours. He paid for it. Freedom is mine. He paid for it. Freedom is yours. He paid for it. It's already been paid for. Every person in here can be well. Every person here can be healed. Every person here can be delivered. Every person here can be saved. He paid the price. And all he ever asked us to do was to believe it and accept it and confess it. The ABCs of your deliverance. Accept it. Believe it. Hallelujah. Do you love him tonight? Oh, seed of Abraham, rise up this week and take back what belongs to you. Declare war on Satan and his army. This means war. If you believe it tonight, then confess it, accept it, and confess it in Jesus name. It's already been paid for. You can walk right out that door. I know you've heard this before, but it comes on every time I mention it, it comes on my mind. I was in Chievac, Alaska. And I'll close with this. There's a young girl about 21 year old. She came up and I said, "Sis, you need something from the Lord?" She said, "I'm an alcoholic." said, "I cannot quit drinking. I've been through the 12step program nine different times and I stay sober for a while and I go right back to drinking again. I've tried everything. I cannot quit drinking." And she began to tear up. She said, "I've got a little boy. I don't even know who the daddy is cuz he conceived when I was drunk." said, "I woke up in places I shouldn't be in cuz I was drunk." Said, "I cannot quit drinking. I've tried everything." I said, "Sis, have you tried Jesus?" I said, "You take the alcohol, you lay it right here at this at this altar, and you take your freedom." And I began to pray for that girl. I'll never forget this as long as I live. She began to scream to the top of her lungs, "I'm free. I'm free. I'm free." I was over about two years later. She came up to me. She said, "But I've been there. It's two years and I'm still sober." Those the sun makes free is free indeed. Let's stand to our feet tonight. Let's stand to our feet tonight. Amen. Do you believe that? How many believe what I preached tonight? This is not my word. This is our father's word. I just come and rehearsed in your ears what daddy has already told us tonight. And the Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. They shall lay their hands upon the sick and they shall recover. And let's just start this meeting off right this week. Let's just start it off with some good healings. Amen. Some good revival, some good fire. We don't have to wait till the last day. You can get it right now. For whom the son has made free is free indeed. It's already been paid for. There's nothing else. Brother Bam, how many times did he tell us if he stood here in this suit that he gave me, he could not heal you? You're already healed. But now, you think he can heal me? Well, you just believe him. Accept it, believe it, and confess it. The ABCs of our healing. Do you love him tonight? Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I thank you for such an attentive audience, Lord. For truly, Father, I realize that I'm the least of the brethren. But Lord, these words I spoke tonight are not my words. They're your words that I just rehearsed in their ears. But Lord, I believe this is our time and our season. This is when the sons of God are to manifest upon the earth. The same anointing that was upon the bridegroom is now upon the bride, making you the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Lord, you said, "These works I do shall you do also, and greater works than these shall you do." And Lord, it couldn't be nothing greater than to raise the dead and open blinded eyes and make the lame walk. But your prophet taught us that greater meant more. Because when you was here, those things was done in a body called Jesus. But now more works are being done in a body called the bride. A universal bride where the dead are being raised and cancers are disappearing. Blinded eyes are coming open and the lame are getting out of wheelchairs. Drunks are coming home. Drug addicts are being set free. cutters no longer cut yourself because that anointing that was upon the bridegroom thus rest upon the bride and Lord we are your people. We are your children and we believe that tonight, Lord. But I pray in the name of Jesus, let the fire fall this week, God, that it set every soul on fire. I pray, oh God, hear my cry tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, set us on fire with the Holy Ghost once again. Lord, don't let us cool off. Oh God, it's too late. Let us hear that cloud of witnesses as they cry, "You can make it. You can overcome. This is your hour. This is your day. Let us run, dear God, with everything that's within us and finish the course that's set before us. Grant it, Father God, tonight I pray in Jesus name. If you're here, friend, if you have a need, I just wonder if you just slip your hand up, said, "Father, I have a need tonight. I've got this affliction. I've got this. I don't have to know what it is, friend. He knows what it is tonight. You just lift your hand up. Say, would you remember me in prayer? Maybe you've got cold on the Lord. Maybe you've let something come between you and your God. You've let it slip, but let this be the week. Let this be the night that this meeting start off right. Let you reconsecrate yourself to the Lord. I just want you to slip me in your head. Say, Lord, set me on fire again, God. Revive me. Renew me again, Lord. Just lift up your hand. God bless those hands. If you're here, you need the Holy Ghost. I wonder if you just raise your hand tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, here's what I want us to do. Won't you reach over and take a hosting hand beside you there, brother to brother, sister, sister, family, however it would be, and let's just pray for one another. We Let's exercise our God-given rights tonight. Let's go to the heart of the enemy. You're a soldier. You're a soldier. Take the word of God tonight. Slay that thing that holds your friend down. Slay that thing that holds your husband down, your wife down, whatever it would be tonight in the name of Jesus. Will you do it? Let's just pray together. Can we? Almighty God, creator of heavens and earth, giver of every good gift, the author and finisher of our faith. Oh Lord God, I believe tonight, Lord, you are the author of this word, Lord Jesus. And you have told us these things through the lips of your prophet. And we stand here tonight. I believe, dear God, that we are the bride of Jesus Christ. I believe we're chosen, predestinated, elected for such a time as this. Not to quit, not to backslide, not to give up, but to overcome. And Father, we have come and are appointed post of duty tonight. And we lay hands upon our brother and upon our sister tonight. And Father, by that same anointing that raised my Lord from the grave by that same anointing, dear God, that raised my daughter up and gave her back to me. May that same anointing tonight move upon every heart, upon every home, upon every life. Oh God, may the chains be broke. May oppression be broke. May high blood pressure, low blood pressure, danger to diabetes, glaucoma, whatever, arthritis, whatever it would be tonight, a besetting sin, may leave them in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you've lost the battle. I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Come out of the people tonight. You have no hold on us. We are believers. We are sons and daughters of God. And we stand at a post of duty tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord God Almighty. Blessed be the name who raises the dead and opens the eyes of the blind. You are my God. You're the captain of this army, Lord. Oh, we believe it tonight. Satan, I truly God, lead the people tonight. that a revival break out that'll shake Christian Blackburg once more and the power of God that they may know there is a God there is a God among his people who still does wonders in the name of Jesus in the name of Jesus. Amen. Prosper oh when darkness falls it won't prevail. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. Oh, and my God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory tonight for the battle. My brother God, I ask you in the name of Jesus, may you touch our brother tonight, Lord God. There's power in Lord tonight. Let me get a report that all will cuz that's the kind of God that you are Lord. And every war tonight he wages Lord there in the hospital. I pray in Jesus name. I'm not backing down. Oh, can we worship him tonight? Can we worship him tonight? Amen. Cuz I know how this story ends. Yeah. Yes, I know how this story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a [Music] victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. There's power in the mighty name of Jesus. And every war he wages, he will win. Oh, I'm not backing down from any diet cuz I know how this story ends. In the name of Jesus, I know how this story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see a [Music] victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory tonight. I'm going to see everything that before the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, the weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. When darkness falls, it won't prevail. Hallelujah. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triump. And my God will never fail. [Music] Oh my God will never fail. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Yes, I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful tonight? Hallelujah. Our God, when the doctor says there's no hope, our God causes him to say it's a miracle. That right, brother Rod, when the doctor says your daughter will never see again, our God has them doctors to say it's a miracle. You are a miracle. Amen. Aren't you glad today? You said, "Bro, darling, if he loves us so much, why do we have all these problems? Why do we have all this trouble? Because you see, can I just share this and I turn over to brother Sean? Cuz you see, God could say, "I'm your healer. I'm your deliverer." And we would say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord." But that's an intellectual conception. But God doesn't want us to know it by knowledge. You'll never know God by knowledge. You know God by faith. Is that right? So God wants us to experience that so that we can say by experience, "Our God is a healer." Let me show you what I mean. When Jessica's eyes come open, I kept telling her, "You'll see me one day." And one day her eyes came open and somebody heard the story because I told everybody, you know, that that that I said, "Jessica, you'll see me again cuz God provided a lamb for your eyes." And so Jessica's eyes come open and these people heard the story and they brought this little lamb to our house and gave it to Jessica because of the story of she believing that God provided a lamb for her eyes. Well, the lamb was free, but the electric fence cost about 200 bucks, but that's another story. And so I told her, I said, "Now Kai," she said, "Joy thing." I said, "Nai, if you want to pet that lamb, honey," I said, "Tell me and I'll turn off that." I said, "You see that light on that box? That's on. Now, if you touch that wire, it'll burn you." Said, "You understand? If you want to pet the lamb, tell Daddy, I'll pull the I'll unplug it. You can pet the lamb. But if you touch that wire, it'll burn you. You understand?" Yes, Daddy. Intellectual conception. So, I was over working on a tractor that backslid and I looked there and I saw her going down towards that where the lamp was and I thought, "Oh boy, I couldn't get there fast enough." She got a hold of that wire. Wow. So I climbed through the fence and got over where she was. I'll never forget it, brother. She had her head just like this right here. Big old blue eyes looked at me tears. She said, "Don't touch that wire, Daddy. It's haunted." You see, before it was me telling her, but after she experienced it, it was her telling me. Amen. You said, "We want miracles. We want signs and wonders." But every miracle starts with a problem. You say, "But D, I've got a real problem." You're a real candidate for a miracle. Do you love him tonight? Seed of Abraham, let's declare war on Satan this week. Amen. There's enough of us here to put every demon to flight. Amen. Oh, we are victorious. God bless you since Brother. Amen. Thank you. Thank you for listening to us tonight. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to Lord for victory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] is possessing. Amen. Amen. We're called to possess. Amen. Our inheritance. Amen. And uh you know I as brother Daryl was was ministering there I I thought you know what this uh within this tent is some real warriors that have been possessing their inheritance. And you know, I'm just thinking of just a few stories, but uh uh brother Schmai and sister Bethany uh my uh interpreting, but uh they they've gone for 20 years and not been able to have a child. And I've known him for about 13 years and but uh uh brother Shamaya, he's just always upbeat, always claiming that promise. I'm we're going to have a child. We're going to have a child. And uh it's not, you know, uh uh if we're going to have it, we're going to have it. And he said, I'm just looking forward to it. Will I be able to hold hold my child? And and Sister Bethany, uh both of them just claiming the miracle. Well, they've got a child. Uh the Lord blessed them with a a son uh last June and uh uh just a just a real miracle. And I uh thinking of that and and of course they've uh the baby's had some challenges and and uh uh just just Satan just trying to fight and uh but God has always just seen that baby through uh every obstacle. And you know uh last uh Wednesday, brother Shmaya come in the office there and um songs were going on and he's saying you know I if you y'all wouldn't mind just praying and said you know uh shoe bal's not gaining weight and uh just uh concerned you know and and of course I I thought well you know I I said well the brush said we're you know the meeting's coming up and and uh we're um you know probably have a prayer line and and so I I think it would be really good for you uh you and Sister Bethany take the baby in the prayer line and and um I just believe that he'll get well, you know, and and um I just felt a little bit like the Lord kind of just like, well, why not pray now? And uh I said, "Well," I said, "Now brush my eyes." I said, "We're we're ain't got much people tonight, but I said, you know, if we could just take the word, you know, and and um and if if you'll just believe, you know, they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." I said, "I believe that promise." And I said, 'We could just gather, you know, to have the church to pray tonight and just believe that if if you you believe that. And he said, "Well, I do." And so after the after we had preached, you know, I had brother Schmai and Sister Bethany come. We anointed him for oil. And you know, uh uh he told me tonight says, "Shub's gained a pound." Uh that was last week. But challenges thinking of my mother that had diagnosed with cancer and and uh you know uh make the long story short, she wasn't doing good at all. And uh but the doctor told her she had cancer in the lining of her stomach and that she was going to have to have surgery. And uh we were all there uh at the doctor and office and she said, "Well, I'm not having surgery." And she says, "I believe God will heal me." And uh he said he said, "Well, Miss Martin, you you've got to have surgery." And she said, "Well, I ain't having surgery." And uh so he was really trying to explain this the seriousness of it. And of course, you know, mom was real weak and blood coming out of her nose. I think her ears and uh just a lot of complications and we hadn't seen mom like that and uh you know dad just said well Jerene you just just schedule the surgery. She well I'll schedule the surgery but I'm not having surgery and uh so schedule the surgery and she just kept claiming I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm healed. You know and Satan fighting her. She's getting weaker and weaker but I am healed by his stripes. I am healed. and uh they came for the surgery and she says now you know Darren we we go in there now before they do that surgery you tell them to come and and and look at me uh x-rays and and uh cuz I believe I'm healed and so dad says you know um you know could you do some x-rays before you touch her and uh uh we we want to look at that and they left him in the the doctor's office for hours uh couple hours or so and finally come back he said I'm I'm I'm sorry I've taken so long but says I've looked at these x-rays said I've had to call other physicians to come in and look at this we've never seen this before but says Miss Martin you do not have cancer amen but God talking about possessing the gates of your enemy brother Ron's a miracle amen for four or five years now the doctor has given given up on him that the other day he's been declared cancer-free in his brain. No more tumors in in the brain. Amen. A miracle. And the doctor says, "We've never seen this before." Amen. But I tell you what, God proves them wrong, doesn't he? Amen. We're possessing the gates of our enemy. It's based upon the word of God. Can you say amen? Well, let's just sing this song. I know brother Daryl uh uh has mentioned it some of these words but uh during his preaching and and so uh Daniel sing it. This means war. Well, I got joy in my soul. God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all is well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. This means war. Well, I got joy in my soul. Oh, God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all is well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. Well, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Well, there's power in the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. I've been in the storm and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Whatever's going wrong, my war clothes are wrong. I might be in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. Well, I've been in the storm and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Whatever's going wrong. My war clothes are wrong. I might be in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this war. Well, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Well, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Well, you can't have my family. You can't have my increase. You can't have my breakthrough. Well, now you can't have my [Applause] family. Oh, yes. You can't have my increase. No, you can't have my breakthrough cuz I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Well, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Well, I got joy in my soul. Oh, God is in control. Do you believe me? I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all is well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. Well, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Yes. I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. I've been in the storm and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Whatever's going wrong, my war clothes are wrong. I might be in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. Oh, I plead I plead the love. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the [Music] blood. Yes, I plead. I plead the blood. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? War on the devil. And I declare war on the devil this week. Well, did you enjoy the service tonight? Amen. I just believe it was just a good start. Amen. Claiming our inheritance. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. And what God has spoke to us tonight, keep it in your heart now. Amen. And just let it build tomorrow night. and the next night and the next night. Amen. I'm believing for great great supernatural things from the Lord. Can you say amen? Amen. Well, God bless you. Uh we uh just uh to announce um we've our AC went out uh in the tabernacle uh well today and uh so that's to you know kind of be expected for a meeting just uh always have hiccups but uh so uh uh we're going to uh have uh fellowship up the hill uh up right up there where we used to in the kitchen area and uh there there will be uh should be plenty of room. Also, we have reserved uh that small tent that we have uh uh in front of the tabernacle for all the ministers and their wives. And uh so if you uh ministers, brothers want to fellowship in there and they give us time and um a place to where we can fellowship with one another, I think that would be great. We need good old fellowship, don't we? Amen. And so um uh and then also um uh the ministers and wives we're going to take uh for lunch tomorrow and u that's going to be the that's the address and that's the name of it. It's in Salem. Uh we couldn't find um the restaurant that we usually go. uh they didn't uh uh they felt like they were losing money on us uh there and so uh they didn't want to uh do it this year uh for us and so uh we we found a place and we think you'll like it and might gain a pound or two but that's okay. It's a meeting, right? And uh so anyways uh uh write the address down but it's in uh Mama Maria's Amen. and it's going to be at 12:00. So, it's 30 minutes from here. Uh sorry, guys. Uh uh sorry for the drive, but that's just we couldn't find really a a restaurant uh around here at this time. And so, uh Mama Maria's Salem, Virginia. It's really easy to get to. Just follow your nose and uh you'll get there. Praise the Lord. So, God bless you is our prayer. Let's just bow our heads. Amen. as we dismiss. Father, Lord, we're just so thankful for what you have spoken to our hearts, Lord, the book tells us that we're your children, Father. And we possess everything, all things, Lord, seen and unseen, Father. And may that just just so dwell within us, Lord. And as we go throughout the week, Father, uh, just believing for great things, I pray that you would bless Brother Daryl and Sister Cheryl, Lord, and their labors for the gospel, Father, and pray that you would strengthen Brother Daryl, Lord, and uh, just renew him in his body, his mind, Father. Lord, I pray that you would reward him and pour into him what he has poured out to us, Father, tonight. Pray that you would bless the food that has been prepared for us. We ask these things in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Oh, I will praise the Lord. [Music] Yeah, I will praise the [Music] Lord no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. [Music] I I'm going to praise the Lord. Yes, I I was born to praise the Lord. Yeah, I'm going to praise him. Going to glorify the Lord. Don't matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. I going to lift him up. Yeah. That I going to praise him. Yeah. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. [Music]
