################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Pastor Shawn Martin Receiving The Word For Our Day Pt. 2 - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "Receiving The Word For Our Day" Pt. 2
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33b6qh5oc5o
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] D. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Beautiful [Music] day. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] 2 [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude, he turned the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people to come and dine. Now with his man a heth feet and supplies our every need. Oh, it sweets us up with Jesus all the time. Can we stand? Oh, come and dine. The master callth come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Now the disciples came to land, thus obeying Christ's command. For the master called to them, just come and thine. Now there they found their hearts desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Oh, he satisfies the hungry every time. Oh, come and dine, the master call it, come and dine. Oh, you may feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude, turned the water into wine. To the hungry call it now come and die. Now soon the lamb will take his bride. Should be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble. Oh, it will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless wine. And with Jesus we will feast eternally. Oh come and dine. The master call it come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. to the hungry calleth. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand? Oh, come and thine. The master calleth, come and dine. Oh, you may feast at Jesus' table all the time. And he who fed the multitude, turn the water into wine, to the hungry callth, now come and dine. Now soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble be. Oh it will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless wife and with Jesus we will feast eternally. Oh come and dine. The master callth come and dine. Oh, you made feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude, turned the water into wine. To the hungry, call it now. Come and thine. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Did you come hungry this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? Keep on the firing line. Oh, if you're in the battle for the Lord and right, keep on the firing line. Oh, if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. Just keep on the firing line. There are many dangers that we all must face. If we die of fighting, it is no disgrace. A coward in the service, he will have no place. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. for if you would win for God and the righteous. Keep on the firing line. Now God will only use a soldier he can trust. Just keep on the firing line. If you wear a crown, then bear the cross you must. Just keep on the firing line. Life is but a to labor for the master dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Oh great, you'll be rewarded for your service here. So keep on the fing line. Oh you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. Oh, if you would win for God and the right, just keep on the firing line. Now, when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Just keep on the firing line. Oh yes, how praise the Savior for the call we had. Oh, keep on the firing line. When we see the souls that we have helped you in, leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. Oh, with a shout of welcome, we will aring [Music] line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. Oh, if you would win for God and the right, just keep Can we sing that third verse? Oh, yes. When we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Just keep on the fire. Almost there. Oh yes. How we'll praise the Savior for the call we had. Just keep on the firing line. When we see the souls that we have helped to win, oh leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. Oh, with a shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. Oh, if you would win for God and the righteous, keep on the fight ring line. Amen. Are you going to keep on pressing the battle? Amen. Brother TM. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. [Music] Oh, to that little scarred hand. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on, singing again. And well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. [Applause] By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. [Music] Oh, to the little scarred hand. Well, I'm not giving up, though. I'll keep holding on. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. We're almost there. There's no time to turn around. Amen. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm saved. Oh, in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. [Applause] [Music] Oh, I'm not I'm not the same. Oh, I'm changed. Oh, forever in his presence. There's healing. Oh, there's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in his presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. I'm healed. I'm healed. In his presence I'm saved. [Music] Oh, in his presence, oh, I'm forgiven. I'm not ashamed. Oh, I'm changed. Oh, forever in his I'm healed. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. I'm saved. I'm saved in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. [Music] I'm not the same. Oh, I'm changed forever in his presence. As they would just play softly, got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known. Amen. But first of all, um an announcement that uh next Sunday uh we will be taking up an offering for the spring meetings. So, let's just remember that. uh next Sunday an offering will be going to uh the spring meetings there. Amen. We want to uh remember Sister Jane this morning. Uh she's not been feeling the greatest. Amen. Uh so let's just keep Sister Jane in our prayer. Uh also last night uh there's the acre side of the family. There's usually a big get together every year for the fourth. Um the whole family come together. They ride horses, uh, four-wheelers, and all kinds of stuff. But last night, uh, brother Mark's cousin, their their 17-year-old son, uh, Dylan, had a very bad four-wheeler accident yesterday, um, yesterday evening. He's in critical condition. So, let's just keep him in our prayers this morning. And, uh, that the Lord would just go down and touch him. Amen. And be with the family during this time. that the Lord would just be with them as well. Amen. How many has an unspoken request to lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. Maybe we could ask uh Brother Jerry, would you want to come and lead us this morning? Amen. Amen. We want to remember our pastor that the Lord would just uh use him in a special way. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. [Music] Bow your heads. Lord, we thank you for the grace and mercy. We thank you, Lord, for being here this morning. Pray that you'll bless us with your word, Lord, and understanding. Lord, these prayer requests you've known since before the beginning of time, Lord. We pray, God, that you'll answer each and every one of them according to your will. Be with us. Help us, God, to pray for each other. Watch over each other in prayer. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. forever. In his presence, I'm healed. I'm healed. In his presence, I'm saved. I'm saved. [Music] In his presence, oh, I'm forgi. [Music] I'm not the same. Whoa. I'm changed forever in his presence. Can we sing? There's freedom. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in his presence. There's freedom in the presence of the Lord. [Music] There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence of the Lord with all your hearts. I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm saved in his presence. Oh, I'm forgive. [Music] I'm not the same. Oh, I'm changed. Oh, forever in his presence. His mom gets ready to come. I'm healed. In his presence, I'm saved. Oh, in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. [Music] I'm not the same. Oh, I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? You can be seated. Amen. He promised us that he would be a counselor, [Music] a mighty God, and a prince of peace. He promised us that he would be a father [Music] and would love us with a love that would not cease. [Music] Well, I've tried him and I found his promises are true. He's everything he said that he would be. [Music] The finest words I know cannot begin to tell just how much Jesus really means to me. He's more wonderful than my mind can conceive. He's so wonderful and my heart does believe. He goes beyond [Music] my highest hopes and fondest dreams. [Music] He's everything that my soul's ever longed for. everything he's promised and so much more. More than amazing, more than marvelous, more than miraculous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. Amen. [Music] I stand amazed when I think the King of glory would come to live within the heart of man. And I marvel just to know that he really loves me when I think of who he is and who I am. [Music] For he's more wonderful than my mind can conceive. He's so wonderful and my heart does believe he goes beyond my highest hopes and my fondest dreams. [Music] He's everything that my soul's ever longed for. Everything he's promised and so much more. more than amazing, more than marvelous, more than miraculous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. [Music] Yes, I stand amazed when I think the King of glory. He would come to live within the heart of man. And I marvel just to know that he really loves me when I think of who he is and who I am. And he's more wonderful than my mind can conceive. He's so wonderful and my heart does believe. He goes beyond all my highest hopes and my fondest dreams. He's everything that my soul could ever long for. He's everything he's promised and yet so much more. He's more than amazing, more than marvelous, more than miraculous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. More than wonderful. That's what my Jesus is. That's what Jesus is to me. [Music] Amen. Do you believe him to be wonderful this morning? Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. He's counselor, prince of peace. Oh mighty God is he. He's saving me. He's keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, he's wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. He's counselor, prince of peace. Oh, a mighty God is he. Oh, saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his brother Terry. Do you have a song? Oh, he's wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's counselor. He's prince of peace. Oh, a mighty God is he who saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. [Music] He is so so wonderful. It's good to be back in service. Good to have air conditioned. I think everybody can say amen to that. You know, there's so many wonderful things about Revelation, but there's many, many wonderful things about Revelation, but one thing I really like about Revelation, Revelation takes away fear. Revelation takes away fear. In this society today, Leodysy, the end of all things, Israel, the wars, all going on, we're so close. Revelation takes away fear. Remember the first time you ever heard future home? That was such a blessing to me uh key. Now the Lord has come in spirit form to open up the word. He took the book. He loosen seals the thunders that we have heard. The stimulation by the word to know that I am sealed. It makes me shout and move about the joy that I now feel. Well, the prophet preached a paradox. And standing in the gap, he told us in the time the sword did loose the cap, the written word beneath the rock. He told us what it said. A little squeeze to try our faith, but glory lays ahead. Oh yes, the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. Oh, the Holy Ghost will through you through and through. I said the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. He'll set your heart a dancing too. Well, now the joy we know, the end is here. The thunders they did say, the rapture call, the Lord's descent, the shout that day was made. That body waiting over there. I heard it calling me. The prophet said, "This day we've heard from our theophony." Oh, the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. Oh, the Holy Ghost will thrill you through and through. I said the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. Yes, he'll set your heart a dancing, too. Now, listen to this. Well, we're going to a place prepared, he said in future home. Let not your hearts be troubled now for never more to Rome. The joy bells are ringing loud. We're singing round the throne. The king and queen has closed the book now in our future home. Oh, the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. Oh, the Holy Ghost will thrill you through and through. I said the Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing. He'll set your heart a dancing too. [Music] Man, can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Oh father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, sing it again. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Oh father, you are worthy of our praise. Lord, to you our lives. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. [Music] As we come into your presence, pass the gates of praise into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. [Music] I can only bow down and say you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, sing it again. You are awesome in this place. [Music] Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. Awesome in this place. [Music] Oh, you are worthy to be praised. our lives to you we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad that you have the opportunity to serve him? Amen. To love him and to give him honor. And we could be in other places giving our time, our heart to other things. but so glad that he's called us. Amen. Well, good morning. It's good to be here in the house of the Lord. And uh the musicians can uh be dismissed and um tell you what, it's um when you uh aren't able to meet um you having to go from building to building, it's kind of nice when you get back home. Amen. As we say, there's nothing like home. Amen. And uh so uh but we really appreciate um uh brother Mark and brother Bill for their labors and they got up I think well they got here at 5:30 in the morning Friday and Saturday and uh uh to try to get it to work. And so, um, we really, really appreciate their efforts and labor and, um, and I know, uh, believe the Lord will bless them for that as well. Lord, and, um, um, it's just, uh, good to be among the bride of Christ. Um, before I forget, we're going to have communion, the Lord willing, next Sunday. And, uh, so we want to remember that. And um also we're going to u have a baptism after service this morning. And so uh uh Levi had uh asked me the other day. He said, "Dad, can I get baptized?" And so uh we sat down and explained it to him and and uh so Lord willing um we're going to be uh baptizing him. Amen. And so, um, glad the Lord still deals with our youth. Amen. And, and I know they're they're part of this this gospel and this rapture and, uh, as well. Amen. And so, uh, we just thank the Lord for that. Um, if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of John, the first chapter. really enjoyed the songs and the specials. Um, and um like hearing uh both songs. Uh my wife sung and and brother Terry uh sung. Did you write them verses, brother Terry? Man, you're a you're a songwriter. Amen. I enjoyed that very much. And so, um I wished I was a songwriter. Both my brothers are songwriters. and the only song I wrote kind of a rap song and about me and my brother and so um um anyway that's as far as I gotten in writing songs it was a carnal moment you know and so u uh but we I ain't got the gift so amen but uh we can just bow our heads in a word a prayer and ask the Lord to be with us. Father, we just thank you for making a way that we could come back and gather in to our church building here, Father, that you blessed us with. And Lord, um thinking of just many people um here in America and gatherings and and around the world that don't have a place to call their own. And uh we just thank you, Lord. And just ask a special blessing on brother Mark and brother Bill as they worked so hard to get this running for us. And and Lord, now we're just asking that you would be with us this morning in this part of the service, Father, we realize that your word is the most important thing to us. And Father, but we can't understand it on our own. It takes you to open the words and explain it to us and reveal it to us. And we pray that you would do it today, Father. Father, forgive us of all of our sins, our failures, and Lord, cover us with your blood today is our prayer. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. And the church says, "Amen." And amen. Uh John, St. John 1 and um 11 and 12 it says he came unto his own and his own received him not but as many as received him to them gave he power to become the sons of God even to them that believe on his name. Amen. Then if you'll turn first Thessalonians um the 2 chapter 1 Thessalonians chapter 2 and the 13th verse it says for this cause also thank we God without ceasing because when ye receive received the word of God, which you've heard of us. You received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectively, everybody say, effectively workketh also in you that believe. Amen. You can be seated this morning. And um um if I have a title, it would be receiving the word for our day. And I spoke on this uh thought um Wednesday night. And uh so I want to just continue with it. Um, we we know the word of God is important and the message teaches us that the word of God is life. It's the Bible teaches us that, but it's it's none other than God himself. And um, no person can fully benefit from the word of God um, as God intended. uh without receiving it. So uh a person's got to receive it in order to uh find the full benefits of the word of God. And uh the word of God is is a promise to us. Ain't that right? uh uh God, he doesn't just speak things just off the top of his head and then regrets it later or uh speaks it and then takes it back and speaks it without having any intentions to fulfill it. But God is determined to fulfill his word. He's determined. So when he speaks his word, he can speak it not as though in past tense but speaks it in future tense knowing that it will be fulfilled. So God promised to heal. He promised to save. He promised to deliver. He promised to protect and to provide. And being that this is his word, we can find it all uh his promises in the in the Bible. And and so these are promises. We don't we don't have to wonder if God will heal us. We don't we don't don't have to question God's intentions to save or to deliver or whatever. This is his promise to us. Uh that that he will do these things. Uh eternal life is a promise. uh that way we we can't look at it and God doesn't want us looking at it as well you know I have eternal life today but I don't know about tomorrow you know no God was determined to give you eternal life and and so that that's a promise it he never changes his mind being changed from corruption to incorruption that that is a promise it's it's the word of God living with him eternally living in in a new city um uh and and uh reigning with him. That's a promise. There's so many promises in in this Bible that God made. And so when we look at the word of God, it we we must see it as a promise. Amen. It's it's it's no other book like it. Um uh because this holds the promises of God. Ain't that right? And it's not mixed with man's ideas or man's opinion. This is solemnly the word of God and every word of God is is a promise and and so we can take it for that. So when God makes a promise, he leaves no room for error. Uh it's it's a promise and and that's there there's no error in that. God can't change. God can't take it back. The Bible says God cannot lie. Ain't that right? So you don't have to question whether it will happen or not. It's it's just a promise. God's going to do it. God meant what he said. How many believes that? Amen. So the word of God is a declaration of his will. If you want to know the will of God, then then you can read it in the word of God. And and his promise is his will uh today. Ain't that right? that is is made known and it reveals what God has predestined to be. Amen. And so I'm glad for that. He didn't just say, "Well, I'm going to to uh uh save Branson," but uh and and and but he's already got it his his path already lined out. Amen. And he he says, well, the Bible says whom he called, he uh uh justified, and whom he justified, he already uh uh glorified. And so, y'all know the scripture, but uh God already done that all the way through. Amen. And that's a promise, ain't that right. So we we find Ephesians 1:11, Paul says that he workketh all things after the council of his own will. Everything that is going on today, you can actually find it in in the Bible because this is his will to us and he's working all things after the counsel of his will. Ain't that right? Amen. the specific trial that you're going through. It may not be in in uh spelled out in the Bible for you uh per se, but you can look in here and know that that's working according to his will in in the Bible. Ain't that right? Amen. See, so nothing works apart from uh from his his will. Amen. So then if God's word is a promise, Amen. Then we have to receive it as a promise. We we have to receive it. Um uh um you know you you can't you can't accept this as an opinion. We we we don't receive the word as just uh just a common thought as though man spoke it. We have to receive it as God spoke it. And it's God's promise to us. Ain't that right? So that's what the word of God must mean to us. It's a promise and it cannot fail. It's going to happen. Amen. So then when God uh reveals to you that his word speaks of you, then then you have to receive it in that way. If if God's if if this Bible is is speaks of you and and uh uh well, you say, "Well, my name's not in it." But see, when God reveals it, Amen. It's a personal revelation that these promises are for you. Then you have to receive it not as though it is in general, but you receive it as a personal promise. Amen. To me, ain't that right? To you. Amen. That's the way God wants us to know the word. He wants us to know it personally. not not in memorization that you've read the Bible and you can you can know verse uh chapter and verse and know where it's defined it and all that. But he wants you to know it as a personal promise to you that that if he's not speaking to anybody else, he spoke to me. It's my promise. It's it's it's what I'm claiming. And that's the way Jesus knew the word. Amen. See, the prophet says he knew that he was predestinated. He was the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. He knowed he was that person. Ain't that right? He knowed it. Amen. See, and so he says, "Oh, brother, he that hath an ear, let him hear." He knowed that he was predestinated for that. And that's the way he knew the word. That's the way he received the promise is not looking for somebody else to fulfill it. He knew he was the one to fulfill it. And that's the way we receive the word. Amen. That if uh uh uh if he died for no one but me, then it's for me. Amen. What he died for, I was part of that. Amen. See? And so, uh, God expects us, the prophet said, God expects us to receive his word when he sends it, when God anoints. See, and so the way to receive the word is to believe the word. Ain't that right? Don't argue with it. Don't question it. Don't don't wonder about it. Just just believe the word. You may not understand it. Believe the word. You may not see it all. You may not see the whole picture. Just believe the word. And as you believe the word, you receive the word. Can you say amen? You don't receive it by wisdom. Now, you're not receiving the word by man's wisdom, by your own understanding, and and your own thoughts about it. Brother Brham said, when you try to figure it out and try to find God by wisdom, you're going further from him all the time. See, you're trying to understand it. Well, there's no way of doing it. Just accept it. Somebody say just accept it. See, just accept it. Just believe it. Don't try to understand it. He said, "I can't understand." Uh, you know, a lot of things. There's not many things that I do understand or can't understand. I can't understand how this young fella, he says, sitting here eats the same food I can. Here he is. Got a full head of hair. He says, "I ain't got any. I don't understand it. They tell me calcium makes it. I can't keep my fingernails cut off enough and and no hair at all to cut off. See, he said, "I don't understand that." See, but he said, "As the old saying goes, he says uh uh uh he says, you know, how that a black cow can eat green grass and give white milk and turn yellow butter." He said, "I can't understand that. I can't explain it." See, he said, "Because each uh you see, each one is a product of of the other one." He says, "But how does it do it? Can't explain it. Can't explain how two liies stand or two flowers of the same breed, one red and the other one yellow, one brown, one blue. I don't understand it. The same sun shines upon them." Well, where does the color come from? Well, I can't explain it. But yet, you have to accept it. Ain't that right? Well, that's the way the Bible is. this Bible, it it would seem such contradictory at times and and it seemed just uh uh uh the the greatest minds have tried to understand every part of this Bible, but you just have to accept it for what it is. Ain't that right? So now we know as the prophet taught us in the beginning a uh that God allotted his word to each age, a portion of his word to each age. And he says there is a portion of word laid for every age and there is some anointing comes down and projects that portion of word for that age. Ain't that right? So so God makes that word known through his servants, his prophets. Amen. And the prophet said the way a prophet is known is that when he prophesies, Amen. when he prophesies a thing, that thing comes to pass. Then you know, amen that is the a a a prophet. Ain't that right? Amen. See, now we needed a prophet to bring the word of God to us in this age as as we know. Amen. Why? So that we could live. Amen. And and uh uh uh because only the word for our day and I want to say that again. Only the word for our day is effective. Amen. to to us. Amen. It it's it's it's it's the only way. It's the only thing that can be effective. Ain't that right? This is why the word of God is so important. The message of the hour is so important today. Amen. And just kind of going through some things here. But uh the the prophet would would uh uh taught us is that you know if Moses would have come preaching uh uh uh Noah's message, well then it wouldn't have worked. Ain't that right? If Moses, now think of it. If he, now Noah had the word, but if Moses years later would have come preaching the same word that Noah preached, well then it wouldn't have worked. If John the Baptist came preaching Moses's message, it wouldn't have had any effect. Ain't that right? If Jesus would have come preaching uh uh Noah's message and Moses's message and and uh Elijah's message and and all well it it wouldn't have worked. See? Amen. Well, so so brother Brown says we haven't got Sanki's message. We haven't got Moody's message. We've got the message of the hour. Can you say amen? We've got the message of the hour. We haven't got Luther's message or Wesley's message. They had a message. They had part of the word, but we've got something different. We've got something greater. Something something that would be effective to us in this age. Yes. Luther's message affected the elect in his age. Wesley's message affected the the elect in in his age. And so is it the same for this day. Amen. See, so they were all right, he says. But this is another day. This is another promise. This is another church age. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Ain't that right? See, so if you needed to hear another message, amen, a a previous message outside of this age, God by wisdom, knowing this, he would have set you in the time of Noah or me uh Moses or in the time of Paul or or whatever. Ain't that right? Amen. But God ordained you to live in this age. And he ordained a word for this age to be effective to you and I. Ain't that right? I find it interesting, you know, to hear uh uh people say, well, you know, they believe the Bible and yet they refuse to believe the word for the day that we live in. Amen. And they readily accept the fact that Noah's message was right. Amen. Uh most most uh most people amen uh accept today that Noah's message was right. Amen. Well, what was his message? God was going to flood the world. God was going to send judgment upon the earth. Amen. And that God had provided an ark of safety. Well, the people in that day didn't didn't believe the message that Noah brought. Amen. And they laughed at it. They sculpted at it. They they they treated it lightly and they perished. Ain't that right? But people today look back and say, "Oh, that message is right. We'll accept that." Amen. But but see, that message does you no good today. It it it to receive that message, yes, we believe it. But but for that message to be effective to us, well, it it's not going to be effective. Amen. Because God isn't going to send the a flood. Uh he's not going to flood the world today. Amen. He's not going to uh send water upon the earth by uh through his judgments and things. He's not providing a a natural ark as as it was in Moses or Noah's day. Ain't that right? See, people today would uh readily accept uh uh Moses's message. Amen. Uh as being the truth. Amen. See, but the problem is God God isn't bringing his people out of a natural land. He He's He's not providing a natural token, a natural blood. Amen. Uh he's not taking them, Amen. out of a natural land into a into a natural land as he did under Moses's message. Can you say amen? So then that message wouldn't work for us today. Amen. See, many people today gladly receive Jesus's message as being the truth. They see him as being the lamb of God. They see him as the redeemer. They see him as the the Messiah coming to take the away the sins of the world. And and they accept the fact that he fulfilled all the types of the Old Testament that that spoke of uh that spoke of him. They see him as uh uh God being in a man, a man. See, and uh but but he isn't he isn't coming to take away the sins of the world today. He he isn't going and being a sacrifice and and uh being our sacrifice and walking up Calvary to atone for the sins of the world today. Can you say amen? Amen. See? So, so then that word wouldn't work for today. Amen. See, and and uh uh uh then we we find that the scriptures have never promised, as the prophet would tell us, the scriptures never promised that Jesus would come uh to earth again in his physical body before the rapture takes place. Ain't that right? So then, he isn't coming as the lamb of God. He isn't going to die again. The first time the prophet said, the first time Jesus come, he come to redeem his bride. Amen. And that was the message. See? Amen. But today, the second time he comes, he's coming to catch his bride, to come to get his bride. Can you say amen? See, so uh uh we can preach about him uh coming to redeem, and we can preach about him coming to die, but that's not the word for us today. That's not the message, amen, that we have today. Ain't that right? For John 14:16, Jesus says, "And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it receiveth him not." Can you say, "Amen? It seeth him not. It neither knows him, but you know him." Amen. Aren't you glad for that? you know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. Can you say amen? So we're not preaching a a God in a corporal body today in the physical body of 2,000 years ago. Even though we believe all of that, we believe we will see him. But that's not the message for today. Amen. He's on earth today. And you can't find him in that physical body of 2,000 years ago. But he promised I shall be in you. Can you say amen? I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Yet a little while while and the world seeth me no more. But you see me because I live you shall live also. At that day you shall know that I'm in my father and you in me and I in you. Can you say amen? That's right. See Matthew 23:39. For I say unto you, Jesus says, you shall not see me henceforth, till you shall say, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Can you say amen? Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Amen. John 8:24, Jesus says, "If you believe not that I am he, you shall die in your sins." Ain't that right? See, so now the prophet would tell us Jesus Christ provided a church. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. In this age, he's not providing a literal ark. In this age, he's not providing a literal uh blood of a natural lamb. Amen. See? Amen. But he's provided a church for the unbelievers that they could come in and see the manifestation of his resurrection and know beyond a shadow of a doubt that he has rose from the dead. Can you say amen? So it's in this age God is not providing a physical literal body. Amen. That was of 2,000 years ago that he lived in. Amen. to walk the earth and to show see I'm risen from the dead. No, the message is it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. You are the one that the world will see that he has risen from the dead. God provided a church in this age. Amen. To show that he has risen. Can you say amen? If the world wants to see it, if the world and and I say to you, the world is without excuse. Amen. Because he's got people. He's got children. He's got uh uh grandpas and grandmas and uh preachers and co-workers and bosses and employees and and all this thing. He's got them scattered throughout the world and that is a part of his church that they can see that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's not a God of history. He's a God that is present today. See? So he says Jesus rose from the dead making a provided way for whosoever will might look and live. But if you refuse to look, how can you do anything but die? Jesus said, "If you don't believe that I am he, you will die in your sin." Can you say amen? Amen. You say, "Well, I believe that he is. I I believe that's him of 2,000 years ago. But what about him today? He provided a body for today. That's the message of the hour. Can you say amen? Is God's got a body. Amen. Today, in every age, when God sent his word by way of a prophet, the critics rose up and tried to prove him wrong. Moses had his critics. Elijah had his critics. Jeremiah, Noah, Moses, John the Baptist, Jesus, you know, and and yet they they claim to believe uh the message of another day. And Jesus critics claim to believe Moses, the message of another day. and and they are the ones, it was the critics, the ones that killed the prophets that God sent to them in their day. And in Matthew 23:29, Jesus said to his critics, "Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, because you build the tombs of the prophets and garnish the scepters of the righteous." See, of another day, right? not not the day they're living in, but of another day. They they're going to shine them tombs up. They're going to make them look pretty. Amen. They're going to Amen. Uh you know, uh uh uh uh make sure that lawn is just nice and and all of these things. Amen. Of the righteous and of the prophets and and these things. But they were of another day. And and and they say, "Well, if and and you say, if if we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with him in the blood of the prophets." See, in other words, we wouldn't have killed them. We we wouldn't have done that. We would have accepted that word that they brought. See, but he says, "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves that you are the children of them which killed the prophets." Amen. In other words, you're of the same lineage. You you you you you have the same character. You have the same attitude. You and and they prove what Jesus said to them by cruing the very word of their day. Can you say amen? Crucifying the word. See, so this message has its own critics too. They have their websites, their books and their videos and arguments and their churches and these things and and they they they say that the message is wrong. Amen. Because there is no proof of what brother Brandham said is true. Brother Bram talks about the 16 men falling off the bridge. Well, they ain't got no proof. They've tried to look for that proof. They ain't got no proof, so they say it's wrong. Amen. And brother Ram tells the stories and historical events that have happened in his own ministry and and or or by visions that he saw and and things like that. See, and and so uh because they have no proof that what he said is right, then they've come to the conclusion that he is a liar and that the message is false and and that he was only a deceiver. Ain't that right? See, and and and so uh uh they they invest their time and their energy pointing out all, you know, uh uh what they see as brother Brandham's opinions. Amen. and and so then they they they want to make sure that the the people are balanced or congregations are balanced and uh uh by by by pointing out the the the opinions of brother Brandham and and this may be right and you you you understand it it's there and and then they use their time uh uh uh spend their time pointing out to the people that brother Brandham was only a man and and and you know uh really wants to make sure that everybody understands understands that. See that brother Brandon was just a man. Yet these same people say, Amen, that they believe that God created Adam and Eve and and that Eve was taken out of of Adam's side, but they have no proof that that happened. Amen. They say they believe that Jesus walked upon the water. They have no proof that that happened. See, they say that they believe that the axe head swam that the Old Testament spoke of. And and yet they have no proof that that actually happened. They say that the three Hebrew boys went into the fiery furnace and that they believe that that they they went in there and they came out unscathed, unharmed. And yet they have no proof. They have no proof. Amen. And and there's no eyewitnesses living today that saw them things happen. Amen. There's no proof of it and they seek no proof. Ain't that amazing? a word of another day. They require no proof of it. They just say, "We believe it. We accept it." It's it's, you know, it's it's the obvious thing that we would not be like like them in that day that rejected the word. Amen. Uh for their age, you understand? See? Amen. And and so uh how how do they really know that the the Red Sea opened up? Amen. And two and a half million people, Amen. did not have to wait for the sun to come out and dry the place up. Amen. But the they w started walking immediately. Amen. On dry ground. Amen. After the water had to had had parted. Amen. And yet they say they believe that and require no proof that it happened. Amen. Well, the first five books of the Bible was written by Moses. Ain't that right? Amen. Moses had a temper. He was a murderer. Amen. murdered a man. He disobeyed God and was not permitted to go into the promised land because of his disobedience. Amen. And uh uh and and yet the people who make fun of the word of this day look back at that day and ready accept amen this Moses's writings as being the infallible truth. Can you say amen? And yet they don't know that Moses existed. They have no proof that Moses Amen. was actually vindicated by the supernatural. Amen. They just they say, "Well, we just believe it." You know, and and and they say, "We accept it. It's got to be true." See, and and you know, they never spend time looking at this Bible trying to convince us that Moses was just a man. They they never spend their time telling us that Moses's writings were mixed with his own opinions and and all that. And yet we know that Moses was a man with faults and and ups and downs, discouragements, running away from from his calling and and and all of these things. And yet they're not here trying to tell us. Amen. Now, y'all got to be careful and believe in what Moses's Moses wrote because some of that could be wrong and some of that could be his own opinions and and all of these things. Can you say amen? Amen. But see, we have eyewitnesses of what God has done in this day. Aren't you glad for those eyewitnesses? I love to hear the stories and of of of the men and the women that were around the prophet of God in this age. And I know people, you know, I've heard some preachers say, "I get tired of listening to all that." Well, I don't get tired of listening to that. Amen. because it tells me, amen, that God actually done something in this day and they were the eyewitnesses of it. We're not just reading a Bible of history. We are now hearing firthand accounts of what God has done in this day. Amen. See, we have scientific proof that bears witness that this message is the truth today. That's scientific proof. Can you say amen? God wasn't just wanting us to hear eyewitnesses and given get an eyewitness account of what God done. God wanted science to bear proof. Amen. That uh uh that he approves of this message. Amen. Can you say amen? And yet the people of today refuse to receive it. Amen. That's right. Why would a minister downplay the ministry of brother Brandham and then turn around and promote himself? Why would a minister tell his followers that Brother Brandham's teaching uh upon interracial marriage was just his opinion? Amen. You don't have to listen to that. Just stay with what the Bible says. Amen. Why would a minister tell his congregation that the message is like a tool? It's good when you need it. Uh but otherwise, you can just leave it up on the shelf. Amen. Why why would they do these things? is because there is unbelief that is there that they can't just accept the word for the way it says it. Can you say amen? That's right. It empowers them. See, it empowers them. If if they start bringing doubt in the message to the people, Amen. And the people all of a sudden start getting confused. Well, was this brother Brandham's opinion? Well, was this right or was this right? I don't know what to do now. Amen. Well, it empowers them to stand behind the pulpit and be the interpreter of the message. Can you say amen? Well, God doesn't need no one to interpret this message. He interpreted himself. Amen. By vindicating it. And that is enough interpretation for the believer. Can you say amen? Amen. See, see, so when the people's faith are weakened, Amen. then they cannot receive the word. Hello. That's right. Amen. Amen. See, I I like how brother Brandham now, he used a lot of the stories of the Bible. I mean, Brother Brandham used the stories of the Bible a lot. But what he was doing, he was showing that that same God that done it back then is still the God of today. Can you say amen? He wanted us to receive the same God that they had. Amen. And that way we can see God in the message and receive the message. Can you say amen? See, so now, Brother Brham says the word of God is like a prescription the doctor gives you. Any doctor must be very careful when he gives out the medication because if he don't well he could be given he could be giving you sulfuric acid thinking it's the thing that it's the right medicine. He could be giving you something and we we've heard reports of it. You know nurse give give the wrong kind of thing that she thought was the right thing. give it to the patient and and they die, right? We we've seen it. We've heard of these stories. See? Amen. So, he he could give you something that will kill you and not know it. See, and any minister giving out something that's contrary to the word of God is just like that doctor that gives out the wrong thing and kills his patient. Hello. See, then then then it's going to kill the congregation. It's going to kill the individual. A ain't that right. See, so then but if if a doctor that is making up the prescription, if if if he doesn't, you know, uh uh if he doesn't know what he's doing, he could put he could put uh uh uh too much poison in that prescription and it would kill you. Ain't that right? See, as the prophet tells us and and and uh the medical field, uh uh uh there's so much uh uh poison in the prescription to kill the germs. Amen. It's it's they're they're trying to attack that that sickness in your body. And so they've got to put just enough there uh poison not to kill you but to kill that thing out that is is to stop that thing. Ain't that right? That is is affecting you in in and making you sick or or whatever. So So but if the doctor doesn't know what he's doing and he puts too much poison in it, well then it's going to kill you. or if if if he doesn't put enough poison in it or whatever, then you can take it and keep taking it and it ain't going to do you any good. Ain't that right? It it ain't going to do you any good. So then the prophet says, "A good doctor knows just how much your body can take." Ain't that right? And he will do what it takes to get you to feeling better to where you're feeling back normal again. Ain't that right? He said, "Now that's the way the prescription of God is. No matter how much somebody else says it must be done this way or that way, don't you believe it. When you follow the word exactly to the letter, that's it." Hold on to it. See, we've got those who say, "Well, you must be sprinkled." Well, see, they got those. See, you must use the titles of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. There's no such things in the Bible. No such place anybody was ever baptized in the Bible. Amen. Any other way besides the name of Jesus Christ. So that's a dogma that was added in the Roman Catholic Church that's carried down through traditions. Ain't that right? But in the midst of all of that, the prescription still remains. And that's why we got so many sick children because they're not listening to what the doctor said. Can you say amen? There there's so many sick church members. Amen. Not just physically, but but but in their soul, in in their Christian walk, amen, is because they're not listening, amen, to what the doctor says. Ain't that right? Well, see, here's what God does. The prophet said, God doesn't send his ministers to preach the gospel only to have it return unto him void. Amen. See, the word of God correctly balanced, amen, is the right prescription to to heal anything. It it it can heal your body. It can heal your soul. It it can touch your mental capacity. It can restore marriages. It can restore Amen. Love. It can res It can break down the the the walls of partition. It it it can destroy anything, amen, that the devil is trying to bring in your life. So why would God send a message, a prophet with the message if it was going to kill us? I think preachers need to quit worrying about the message killing you and just preach the message. It's the only prescription that you need. Amen. to bring a revival. Can you say amen? But so, so if if we're so worried about it that the people getting too much of the message and you know that comes from the devil, but they get too worried about the the people so worried about the people getting too much of the message that it's going to kill them. It's going to make them awall. It's going to make them this. It's going to make them that. No, it's the opinions of man mixed with the message. Amen. That kills the church. Amen. Amen. See, the prophet's message has the right balance. Can you say amen? The word comes to a prophet. See, this message won't make you a legalist and spiritually kill you. This message won't make you too much Calvinist to where you make grace a disgrace. That's right. Can you say amen? See, there's nothing wrong with the message. But instead of taking the word of God for the day, people take man's ideas and it kills them. Brother Brandham said that's the way of death. It's that that's the way. See, you're taking the way of death. Now, brother Brandham in indictment says they are guilty of crucifixion or trying to crucify the spirit. They call for a revival everywhere. Well, how are you going to have a revival? Now, notice the question. I think it's a powerful thing. How are you going to have a revival when the word itself can't work through the people? Ain't that right? Now, they're crying for revival everywhere. People are crying for revival. Churches are crying for revival. But brother Brandham just asked the simple question and and actually gives them the answer. How are you going to have revival when the word can't work through the people? Can you say amen? See, they they they want revival in the churches, but they deny the thing that brings the revival. They deny the revival itself. Brother Brandham said, see, they have their own forms of godliness and deny the word of life. The thing that can bring a revival, it'll bring revival in the home. It'll bring revival in a person's soul. It'll bring revival in a church. It'll bring revival. Can you say amen? See, now you cannot crucify the prophet said you cannot crucify God himself for he is eternal. You you can't crucify the word for the word is eternal. Ain't that right? So then what what they're doing then is they're crucifying the effects of the word. They're crucifying the effects. See, he says they're crucifying the effects of the gospel upon the people by their creeds. And that's the crucifixion that where the public set in these big morgs and called churches and denominations and draw a line of creed. See, well, the word of God can't have an effect upon them because they condemn the very things that Christ said would take place. It just doesn't come according to the creed. Ain't that right? So how do they crucify the word? Well, brother Brown says, well, when Jesus said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, they say, well, in in a way, he is. You crucified the effects of the word to the people. The last commandment that Jesus gave to the church there in Mark was go out and and preach the gospel. That was the commission. Preach the gospel. Ain't that right? Amen. And these signs shall follow them that believe and and and and and these things and they say, "Well, that was for a gener that that generation and they make the commandment of God of none effect to this." See, they crucify the effect of the word to the people. Hello, church. See, so uh all of these denominations, the prophet said, have set a the word aside, deny the work of the spirit of God, uh subjugate the the leoty and make it impossible for the leoty to worship God unless they come through them or their pattern, which is nothing but a blueprint of unbelief from Satan himself. Can you say amen? Now, by the message of the hour, by the time that we're looking in, we're seeing things are all around. We know that the man of sin is fixing to be revealed. Paul called him the son of predition. The man of sin, the son of predition. Well, we know what sin is. It's unbelief. Ain't that right? Brother Brandon said, "What is it?" Unbelief in the Holy Ghost. Unbelief in the word of God. unbelief in the power of God. It's just unbelief. Anything that God does, unbelief. Now, they'll accept it back then, but but unbelief for today. And so, this this man of sin is the son of predition. Predition is means hell. So, he's he's the son of hell. Amen. See, his origin came from hell. He going to go back to hell. Ain't that right? But we see that unbelief has been working down through the ages uh uh uh uh through the ages. But it's becoming more positive all the time, more pronounced, more of a reality, more more so in this age than ever before is unbelief that is striking the people. Ain't that right? Unbelief is becoming more prominent in the people. Amen. to where you can't hardly find anyone that'll just take God at his word, receive that word without questioning and just believe it. In 1961, Brother Brown said, "The lids come off of hell." So, that's right. And streams of demon powers pouring from everywhere. It's conquered the nations. It's conquered politics till it's rotten to the core. It's conquered the churches until they know nothing but denomination. Can you say amen? And I say this, why is people in the message getting confused about the message? Is because unbelief, Amen. Unbelief is is prevailing in in people to where they they just can't accept the message. They they have seen this go off. They've seen this guy go off. They have seen this false doctrine and that false doctrine. And they get their eyes upon all of that instead of just looking at the message and say, "I just accept the message." Can can you say amen? I may not understand everything, but I just accept the message. Well, then they say, "Well, you know, we I've been called deity, you know, uh you just a deity guy, you know." No, I'm not a deity guy, but I just believe you accept the message and the message is the absolute. Now, now I understand Brother Brandon mistook, you know, the 700 for 7,000 for 700. And and he, you know, he he made he called Elijah one time. He uh he was talking about Elisha and called him Elijah and all that. I understand you know that that we you know them things uh them things are there but the message itself there's a message behind it. Can you say amen? It's it's not for us to get into the all this debates of well you know he said it here and then he says something different over here. He can't even get his facts right. Amen. But the message is right. That's right. That's right. So we we see that the lid of hell and and is is come off. Demons are pouring in and it's been building up, building up, building up till it's that spirit of unbelief is becoming more prominent in people today. It and it's like the shadow. Amen. You know, it it a as as it's far away from from the wall, you know, you may just see a little bit of a of a difference of a shade, but as that hand gets closer and closer and closer and closer to the wall, to the thing that it's reflecting, Amen. See, then then you find, amen, that now you're starting to see not just a black thing, not just a little shade. You're actually seeing a hand form in that shadow because the hand and the shadow are becoming together. It's it's it's getting closer to the real thing. Ain't that right? Brother Brandon said, "If I had my hand up a man uh uh uh from there, the shadow way, it looks dismal. as it gets closer, it becomes more positive until it becomes a real hand. Ain't that right? It's just like uh the revealing of the son of man today. Amen. Brother Brandon says for years after years after years as the church has come down, the power of God just growing closer and closer till now, it's just about to take on the image of Jesus Christ. Ain't that right? We've had the power through the church ages. Amen. And it's just been a reflection. Amen. of something that is coming. But we're here now to the very image of Jesus Christ in the church. Well, that spirit of unbelief has taken on an image. Can you say amen? Amen. See, brother Brandon said, "See, God is here. He has proved himself present. You'll never be any closer to him until you see him uh uh face to face." Now, think of that. You'll never be any more closer to God. Why? Because he has so impersonated himself in his church. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Abraham said, "The son of God impersonated himself in his church as son of man." Ain't that right? Now, the son of man is to be or the not the son of man but the man of sin, son of predition. is to be revealed. That man of sin, ain't that right? It's an incarnation of Satan himself coming as a man coming in in flesh. Can you say amen? That spirit that's been working in them in the unbelievers has come to a place that he's incarnated in a man. Ain't that right? But notice, notice the word for our hour. Come out of her, my people. That's the word for the age. Amen. Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins and receive that you receive not of her plagues. Other words, don't be identified with her. Can you say amen? It's fine to to believe what Moses said and Noah said, but but better receive the word for this age. Ain't that right? And that is come out of her. Forsake her doctrines. Forsake her tradition. Forsake it all. Come to full belief in the word of God. Amen. Second uh Corinthians 6:17, "Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you, and will be a father unto you." Ain't that right? And you shall be my sons and daughters, sayeth the Lord Almighty. Who's he going to be a father to? Those that come out. Who's going to be the sons and daughters to him? is those that have come out, those that have taken this message and received that word in their heart. Don't waste your time building an ark. That's right. That ain't going to help you in this age. Amen. That's right. You don't have to leave one one town to go to another, one state to go to another. That ain't going to help you. Right. So, brother Bram said Jesus Christ was the person man God. Hallelujah. He was the manifestation of God. He was God in a body form to reflect the word of God for that age to make that age see God's promise for that age. And the Holy Ghost is the same thing today. It's the spirit of God upon the written word trying to find somebody to reflect itself to this age to prove that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The works that I do shall you do also. Jesus Christ the same yesterday to ever. See, constantly, constantly trying to find its way to reflect itself. Can you say amen? Now, we know he's the word. So the word is constantly trying to find a way, find somebody that he can reflect itself through. That word can be reflected through the promise of the age. I hope this is all right to you. You see, the word of God is meant to be effective. I want you to understand that now church, you young people, the word of God is to be effective. It's one thing just to come to church and just um hear brother Sean preach again and go through the motions of the singing and whatever we do. But see, there's a reason why we're preaching the gospel. There's a reason why Brother Terry preaches. There's a reason why Brother Amos and and and these brothers preach. And there's a reason that God does these things. The word is to be effective. There's a reason that God sent a prophet to us. The word is to be effective. It's one thing to desire God. There's one thing to desire to be more like him and to reflect him. But without the word, you can't. The only way you can become more like him is by the word of God. Can you say amen? The only way you can live in a revival is by the word of God. Amen. The only way you can come out of her is by the word of God. Amen. Ain't that right? How could Lazarus? It it it didn't matter how dead Lazarus was. It didn't matter how long he had been in that grave. That didn't matter. But he wouldn't have come out even if it was the first day, second day, a thousand days without the word of God. It took the word. Amen. And no matter how much of the how awful the condition, how impossible the situation, the word commanded it. The word changed it. Amen. We can moan. We can groan. We can belly ache about our problem. But the word of God is what's going to change the problem. Change that situation. The word is to be effective. That's right. Ain't that right? In the beginning, God spoke his word and the spirit of God followed the word and made the word come to pass. Praise the Lord. It wouldn't have happened if God didn't speak the word. But God spoke it. He sent his word and the spirit come by. Now notice, I read this quote last Wednesday that Brother Brandham said, "Immediately after that prophet's message, God goes to work." This is where we're at. The carnal person wants another prophet. We need another messenger. We need another person. No. After God sends the prophet with the word, then the spirit of God, God work. That's right. Hello. That's right. After the prophet gives the word, then God goes to work on the word. Aren't you glad you got the word concerning you? Now, remember, God moves behind the prophet if the prophet's got the word of God. For my word shall not return unto me void, but it'll accomplish that from which I it was sent for and the purpose it was sent for, it'll have to come. There will be a group that'll be just like throwing water on a duck's back. Preach the word and they just doesn't mean that the word ain't powerful. Doesn't mean that the word can't work. It's just they're not in a condition to receive the word. That's right. Y'all with me? And and I can say this, you know, and and and church, Satan has thrown all kinds of entertainment for us. Got us so busy that when we come to the church, we're so tired. We got our minds so preoccupied on everything else that if we're not careful, we aren't in tune to receive the word. So he says there will be somebody there. He said, but there will be somebody there to get it because God is sending it. The word will not return void. It will accomplish what it's been purposed for. So, I'd say it this way. The word of God came. Now, the rapture is at hand. Why? The rapture follows the word. Couldn't have a rapture without the word. The word had to come in its pure form to bring on a rapture. The changing of the body of the body is only the effect of the word that came. Revival is the effect of the word. Why? It's a word revival. It's the word that brought revival. The word had to come and then all of a sudden the spirit followed that word and God began to work on that word and all of a sudden revival comes alive in our hearts. Can you say amen? That's exactly right. See, well, why did the lamb open the book in this age? Why did he give it to the seventh angel, a prophet of Malachi 4? Why did he send to us the prophet of Malachi 4? See why? He's looking for a certain effect. Amen. If he brought Moses message, there would be no effect. If we're living in a Pentecostal message, it would be no effect. But God says it's time for a rapture. It's time for a body change. It's time for adoption. Brother Ram said there out there was no other age. There's no other time outside of this time for the manifestation of sons of God. So then God brought a prophet with a word for this age and that word is affecting us and bringing us into manifestation of sons. Why did why did he send his word today in this age? What's the purpose of it? For redemption claims. That's right. Can you say amen? He's already paid the price of redemption already. It's fine to point the people back to what he was yesterday, but what good is it going to do, when they reject the word for today? That's true. See, you're finding out that everybody believe in Christ of yesterday, what he did back then ain't going in a rapture. That's right. That's right. So, believing in what Moses done ain't going to put them in a rapture. Believing what happened in Noah's day ain't going to put him in a rapture. Believing what Jesus did ain't going to believe it put him in a rapture. I hope you understand. Can you say amen? If that was the only thing putting us in the rapture, I'd stay as as a Pentecostal. If if that was the only thing going to put us in the rapture, Amen. You could stay a Baptist. You could stay whatever. You need the message to put you in that rapture. Amen. That's right. So, so the word, see it, he sent his word because it's time for redemption claims. Amen. We were healed 2,000 years ago. How many believes that? We were saved. We were delivered. We were justified as he rose. We we were loose, forgiven. All of them things. When Jesus said it was it it is finished there hanging on the cross, it finished it. Ain't that right? So then back then, see, God sent his word to do that. That word became a man. Ain't that right? Word took on flesh. And that word died for us. Ain't that right? It was the word that created a blood cell in the womb of Mary. And the prophet said, "God wrapped himself in that blood cell and became flesh." And in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word became flesh. God manifested in flesh. Can you say amen? The word that came to the prophets by inspiration became flesh to fulfill what the prophet spoke of. The word that spoke of a redeemer took on flesh and became redeemer. The word that spoke of Messiah became flesh and became promised Messiah. The word that spoke of the prophet likened unto Moses that was to come became flesh and became the great prophet that was spoken. The word that spoke of the lamb became flesh and became the lamb. Can you say amen? And Christ, the living word, made way for our redemption 2,000 years ago. Ain't that right? It was the word that was crucified. It was the word that took our place. How many believes that it was the word, the prophet said, "The word bled for you. The word bled for me." Can you say, "Amen." That word, Amen. All of that. See, he says, "The word become blood." The word bled for you and you are washed in bleeding word. The word bleeding the life of God in the word and the word was blood for you that you might be washed from these filth the filth of these prostitutes and be cleaned and sanctified by the washing of water of the word and make your mind and heart stayed on God and on his word. Can you say amen? That's right. See, so the prophet says he redeemed us from our sins by the washing of his blood by his word. How many's thankful for that? I'm thankful for that. And we've accepted what he's done. How many's accepted what he's done 2,000 years ago? We've accepted it. We're not preaching Messiah coming, Messiah going to redeem. We've accepted it. We believe that. But he sent a word in this age to claim what he has redeemed. Can you say amen? Oh my. And he's able to claim you because he redeemed you. He's able to claim you because he loosed you. He's able to claim you because there's a blood there that is speaking for you. There's nothing against you. How many believes that there's nothing against you? That's the word for the age. There's nothing against you. You are the pure, spotless, virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. He redeemed the book. Ain't that right? Now he come and that lamb took that book and loosed the seals. Brother Brandham said, "What is this book of redemption? This title deed, abstract title deed. You say abstract. What does an abstract mean? It means searched. It searched all the way back to its beginning. Amen. Like that drop of little drop of ink this morning. When it struck that bleach, it went all the way back. And when sin has been confessed and fallen into the blood of Christ, it gives it it gives an abstract right straight back to the creator again. And you become a son of God. How many believes that? Say you become a son of God. abstract title deed is held in the hand of the Almighty. Its redemption, its redemption means all legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. Oh my, what it ought to do to that born again Christian. It's legal possession to the abstract deed, the title deed of eternal life means that you possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. Can you say amen? You possess it. That's the redemption claims. It's time to go back. Amen. That's right, sons of God. I won't keep you too much longer now, but according to Jesus, we spoke on it uh Wednesday night, but according to what Jesus said, there are four types of grounds that the seed falls upon. Stony ground, the wayside, thorns and thistles, and the good ground. Right? These four grounds represent the peoples of the world. The seed that is sown is the word of God. Brother Brandham called it the seed of life. But what Jesus tells us is the first three grounds doesn't produce nothing. Even though the seed fell upon them, it it produces nothing. There are those that are by the wayside. They hear the word. Then the devil comes and takes the word out of their hearts lest they should believe and be saved. So even though the word came to them, it doesn't produce anything because Satan was able to take their take that word and snatch it out of them probably through creeds and dogmas and I don't know anyway takes that word out of their hearts lest they should be believe and be saved. Those on the rock receive the word with joy when they hear it, but yet they have no root. Yeah. So you see people get excited about the word, but the word doesn't affect them because they have no root. Those among the thorns hear the word and go forth, but are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life. Yeah. And notice, and bring no fruit to perfection. But those on good ground have heard the word, Jesus said, in an honest and good heart and keep it. Amen. Note it, keep it. They they keep that word. And bring forth fruit a hundfold with patience. Amen. So the others receive it, but it's somehow taken from them. They they they just they have no root. They they they just the the pleasures and the things of life uh means more to them than the word of God. And but to that good ground, they receive it and they keep it. Now church, to keep the word, you got to guard it, right? Because Satan going to t try you to see what kind of ground you are, right? But that that good ground, they're they're going to keep it. Rains and storms and all these birds come trying to grab it and all these things, spirits of unbelief and all these things, but they guard it, man. Amen. And with patience, they bring forth a hundfold. Now, Brother Brham said, "If the good word falls on poor ground, it'll bring a poor crop. You take good grains and put it in good ground on the right condition, it'll bring forth a hundfold." So is the word of God. When it's brought into the human heart with a faith, undying faith in the Lord Jesus Christ with the Holy Spirit and the power of God there to water it, it'll germatize and bring forth everything it said it would. Can you say amen? Now, Brother Brham teaches us that the good ground is what? Prepared ground. God prepared you before the foundation of the world. So, so this this ground is this good ground is is those who were predestinated, right? And and they are the ones to let the word have preeminence. They are the ones that see the value of the word for their age. They receive it now. They receive it and they protect it. They guard against all the fouls of uh evil spirits that are trying to take that seed out of him. Ain't that right? See, they let the word come to its fullness. Hello, its full potential. So they receive the word and it brings a hundfold in them. Now you are an attribute of God, a genancy seed to God, right? Yes sir. That's how God you were prepared. See in God's mind were eternal thoughts which makes you an eternal attribute of God if you were in his thinking. See and then that eternal thought was expressed in the word. See, so this word has to do with you. You believe that? This word has to do with you just as it had to do with Jesus. That's right. See, Jesus was predestinated to be what he was. He didn't just be born on this earth and just say, "Guys, I think I'm the lamb of God. I think I'm going to be." No. God said he was the lamb of God. When God had the lamb slain, amen, before the foundation of the world, Jesus Christ's name was attached to that. You believe it? See, so not just anybody could be the lamb. Not just anybody could be the redeemer. Amen. See, so now, now notice the Bible says that the sons of God shouted for joy before the foundation of the world. Brother Bram lets us in on it. Why? They shouted for joy. Several a couple places here they shouted when they saw the plan of salvation. God putting their name on the lamb's book of life. Another place they shouted for joy when they seen that someday they would tabernacle here on earth and the king Melzdc would come in the righteousness of God, give his life to redeem us uh to God back again and outshine the stars forever and ever. Can you say amen? Now church, not everybody can shout for that reason. They shout because of the baseball. They shout because of their their sports team that is winning. They shout and they holler at a party. They shout over music. They shout because they won the lottery. But the sons of God are shouting because they saw the lamb come and redeem them, secure their place, and they know where they're going. Amen. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Now, people don't want us to stop shouting or they they they don't they don't like us shouting and rejoicing and they of course always name us Pentecostals and we bore that name ever since we come into the message. But listen church, God saw us doing it, right? They they want a church that is so quiet and intellectual and just, you know, just everybody calm, cool, and collective. But God saw us shouting right. God saw us excited about the word now. I don't know about you, but I receive it. I receive that word. Can you say amen? See, he says God in his great thinking seen us shouting and rejoicing in our salvation through Jesus. See, so he says the prophet says we were identified in the immortal realms with God 10 million years before the world was ever formed. I was back there with him. And I say this, my name was attached to every promise that God gave concerning this bride for this age. You believe it? My name is attached to the rapture. Nobody can take my place because God saw it. God predestinated it. God ordained it. And he sent the word that I may go into it. My name is attached to the changing of the body. My name is attached to adoption of sons. My name is attached. How about yours? My name is attached to ruling and reigning with Christ. My name is attached sitting on the throne with him. When God gave the promise, he had my name attached to it. and then he sent a word in this day for me to be affected by it. Can you say amen? Those who were believed in stood in Moses Noah's day and believed it were affected by it and they sailed through the flood in that old ark. Right? Those who believe the the message of Moses's day, they went all the way through into the promised land. Why? They were affected by it. The word in their day took them there and positionally placed them in there. And so is the word in this age. Oh, do you love him? If the musicians will come true, the word which effectively effectively work in you, it's working in us. Hallelujah. That's why I'm here today. That's why you are here today. No other age could do it. We're that age. God didn't send the word for our age to any other age but this age. Can you say amen? Why? Because he knew when that word come, it would bring forth an effect. Rapturing grace. take a church and catch them away just before the great tribulation sets in. Can you say amen? I receive it. I receive that word. And Satan does his best to stop us. He does his best to take that word from us. He'll never be able to do it because I'm prepared. I'm pre-prepared. I'm good ground. I'll hold to it. No matter what I feel, no matter what I think, no matter what any what everybody else says, I'll hold to that word. It'll bring forth. You love him. See why I'm happy. [Music] Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] The revealed [Applause] word. [Music] Bless his holy name by the prophet of Malachia. Oh, sing it again. Oh, can't you see why I'm happy? [Music] Oh, I've accepted. Aren't you glad you've accepted it? Oh, yes. Good ground here this morning. Hallelujah. When unbelief is so prevalent in the age, there's good ground, receiving seed, guarding it, keeping it, and with patience bringing forth. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? [Music] Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Mal. There's that little song. If Jesus said it, I believe it. [Music] If Jesus said it, I believe it. His word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I believe it till I die. Let the mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Oh, Jesus said it. I believe it. His word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout. Oh, sing it again. Yet Jesus said it. I believe it cuz his word cannot lie. It is written in this Bible. I'm going to believe it till I die. Let the mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout. Sing it again. Oh, Jesus said it. Do you believe it? See, it is written in the Bible. I believe it. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. [Music] It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. [Music] It's my total victory over every situation. First verse. Now it's been tested. It's been tried. Search and minds are satisfied. Though the stories old, the message still is true. Oh, it's been ridiculed. It's been chained. Still its power never changed. It will stand the test forever. Just give me the word. Can we stand to our feet and sing? Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's the light that I might see. Give me the word. [Music] It's my total victory over every situation. Sing that again. Over every situation, give me the word. Over every situation, give me the word. God bless you is our prayer. Oh, keep that word in your heart, church. Let it be the most precious thing to you. As brother Terry was saying today about revelation. Revelation is the greatest thing. God give it to us. Hallelujah. God bless you. Uh we're going to be having baptism right after the service. So if you'd like to be a witness to this, uh we'll have it in the back there, of course. But um God bless you. Love you. Appreciate you. May you have a wonderful week in the Lord. And uh we want to remember service uh 7:00 Wednesday. And um also, Lord willing, we'll be having prayer service tomorrow night for those that would like to come and be a part of that. Amen. And I think prayer is is essential in our Christian walk. Amen. So, prayer service 7:00 tomorrow night. So, God bless you. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Precious Father, how thankful we are that you have sent the
