################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Pastor Shawn Martin We Look At What Is Unseen - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "We Look At What Is Unseen"
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RDW-sCrHho
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Huh? [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] There's no one like you. There's none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine, Lord. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you, Lord. There's none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome and power. Our God. Oh, our God. Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. [Music] Water you turned into wine. Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine, Lord. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you, Lord. There's none like you. [Music] Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. And if our God is then who can give us something? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? What could stand against? [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. [Music] Water you turned into wine. Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Lord, there's none like you. [Music] And into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you, Lord. There's none like you. Can you stand and sing it now? Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is of all healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand again? What could stand against? [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Can you just lift your hands this morning? Can you just give him praise? Our God is awesome. Our God is greater than any other this morning, dear heavenly father. Lord, we just count it an honor to come to your house once again, Father. Lord, I pray that you would just feel welcome here this morning, Lord. I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, Lord. That you would speak to every heart this morning, Lord. Lord, we believe that you are awesome in this place, Father. Lord, there is none like you this morning, Lord. I pray, Father, that you would have your way this morning, Lord. We ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. It's really good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's a little warm in here. Amen. Uh uh they're supposed to be uh maybe coming tomorrow or Tuesday to see if they can't get a fix. So, if we can just hold on a little bit longer. Amen. Uh I want to just say happy Father's Day to all you fathers. Amen. Maybe we could uh just sing that song. Um let's see here. Had it written down. Can we sing that song? God is good all the time. Amen. Do you believe him to be good? Amen. Not just some of the time, but he's good all the time. Amen. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good. all the time. Now, if you're walking through the valleys and there are shadows all around, oh, do not fear for he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. Oh, and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good. Can we go up and keep all the time? We were sinners worthy. Still for us, he chose to die. He's filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love it's everlasting. Oh, and his mercies they will never end. God is good. Oh, all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Now we were sinners and so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. He's filled us with his Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love it's everlasting. Oh, and his mercies, oh, they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise. In this heart of mine, God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. God is good. He's so good all the time. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. He's good all the time. Amen, brother Tim. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, in my Christ abiding, I shall not be moved. In his love, I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved now if I trust him ever. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, he will fail me never and I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Now on his word I'm feeding. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, he's the one that's leading. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh yes. Glory. Hallelujah. I shall not be moved. I'm anchored in Jehovah. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be altogether. Oh, yes. I shall not be. I shall not be moved. I shall not be. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be one more time. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Amen. Are you anchored in Jehovah this morning? Amen. For all he's done for me. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up my hands and I began to worship him. Oh, I worship him. [Music] And when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him. Why? for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because Oh, just because he is God. [Music] Oh, when I come into his presence, Lord, I humble myself remembering what he's done. Oh, the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. [Music] Oh, I'll praise him. When I come into his presence, I humble myself, remembering all he's done and the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Oh, I praise him [Music] for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because Oh, just because he is God. Sing it again. Oh, for all. He's died for me. He's redeemed and set me free. and become. Oh, just because he's gone. [Laughter] Amen. Are you thankful for that? Amen. As we go into the prayer uh request uh this morning, Amen. And uh I have one written prayer request here. says, "Remember uh Sister Tina Hackett in Canada. She has uh hurt her hands uh doing uh task uh just doing different tasks and uh has it's been hurting for for weeks." Amen. That was put in by brother Amos. So, let's just keep uh sister Tina in our prayers. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would come and lead us in prayer this morning. Amen. We want to uh remember the man of God that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. [Music] Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord Jesus, trusting in your holy hands to erase all our iniquities and heal us of all our diseases. Praise your holy name. We thank you, Lord. We ask Lord Jesus for his request. Lord ask Lord that you touch the sister and heal her hand and be with every one that's sick and afflicted. Lord we ask Lord your blessing upon the service. We praise you. Thank you Lord for all your many blessings in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Amen. Can we sing that song? Um, I'm not sure. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Holy Ghost fililled I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. Oh, I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Holy Ghost filled I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. Brother Doug comes. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Holy Ghost filled I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. Amen. Are you redeemed this morning? Amen. You have no [Music] All night. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Won't [Music] be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. [Music] His promise is true. [Music] So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Can we stand and sing it? Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? You see, my God is so much bigger than troubles I face. [Music] Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? [Music] Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. [Applause] So I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Oh my God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than you. Oh my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. [Music] Oh my God is stronger. The victories already won. You see, he died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] So I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? You see, my God is so much bigger. The troubles I face. [Music] Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? [Music] Oh, cuz my God is so much better. And all of these things is our pastor comes. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, greater than you. Sing it one more time. Well, I won't be shaking. I won't be moved. My God is greater. His promise is true. [Music] I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better than bigger than you. Well, do you believe that this morning? Amen. God is so much bigger and he's worthy of all of our praise and our Amen. our honor, our worship. Amen. And it's certainly good to be here. House of the Lord. I um uh sorry that it's um uh warm. Amen. But um hopefully we'll we'll get the AC going uh this week. Amen. Praise the Lord. I tell you what, days like this makes you glad for AC. Amen. And you think of all the um going overseas and I remember uh when I went with brother Sandy Faith and I over to Nicaragua it was so hot and um uh and the place was packed and I don't know how many a few hundred and uh my I was thinking how in the world do they do this every service you know but uh uh they they uh they didn't seem to bother them. But um Amen. I am so glad that we do have AC. Praise the Lord. Want to say happy Father's Day. Amen. The musicians can be dismissed, but um to all you fathers, happy Father's Day and trust you uh just have a wonderful day. I I know the um uh the home life is being attacked today and and to be honest, we are a uh my opinion a rarity uh these days. Um uh but um I thank God for the message of the hour. I thank God for his spirit that um uh lives within us and it makes us uh just uh want to hold hold steady. Amen. And um so I I really appreciate you fathers u standing there for your family and uh being true examples of u what God intended family to be. Amen. And um if there's ever a time we should honor uh parents or or children should honor their fathers, it's now. And uh wives should honor their husbands, it's now. Amen. And the attack um being attacked, mothers and fathers and husbands, they're being attacked. And Satan is just trying to make us just another um statistic in this age. But um uh we're we're holding holding fast. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we're going to turn first of all to the book of Psalms. And um we're going to read a few scriptures here that um Psalms 20 or uh actually let's go to Deuteronomy 29:29. Amen. Um, I believe that's where I'm wanting to go, but um, praise the Lord. Deuteronomy 29 and 29. Yeah. It says, "The secret things belong unto the Lord our God, but those things which are revealed belong to us and to our children forever, that we may do all the words of this law." Then if you'll turn to First Corinthians um 2. 1 Corinthians chapter 2. Amen. and um see if I can find it. 1 Corinthians 2 and nine. We'll start there. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the Spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world but the spirit which is of God that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Amen. Then uh second Corinthians uh the 4th chapter. Amen. Second Corinthians chapter 4. And uh we'll start at the let's see I believe it's the 17th verse says for our light affliction which is but for a moment workketh for us a far exceeding and eternal weight of glory while we look not at the things which are seen but at the things which are not seen. For the things uh which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. So we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Okay. All right. We sure will. And and that does rem remind me, I didn't bring it to Daniel, but um my um um my aunt's husband um uh brother Donald Bendabout, he's going to be having open heart surgery Tuesday and um they said he could go anytime and um so uh he's in really bad need of prayer. So let's just pray for these needs as well. Father, Lord, we come to you as your children, Father. Lord, uh based off the blood, based off your promises, Lord, and you have petitioned us to come before your throne of grace boldly, Father, to find help in time of need. And Lord, we're just asking that you would touch our sister Alice, Father, as Lord, she's having this dizzy spell. and uh fighting this inner body, Father. And we're just asking that you would just set her free from this, Father. There's nothing too hard for you. And Father, she's been faithful to come to the house of God this morning and Satan trying to uh to disrupt her, Lord, from hearing the word and not enjoying it. And I pray, Father, that you would just go out where she's at, Father, and remove this uh uh symptom from her, Father. And I pray that you would touch Brother Donald, Lord, um as he is facing this open heart surgery. And Father, it's a a dire need that he he has this, Lord, done. And I pray that you would be with him, Father. And Lord, just bring him through this, Lord. And father, keep him uh uh with us, Father, is our prayer, Lord. And I pray that you would just bless the reading of your word today. Bless the ministering of your word. We know it's hot, Father, but pray that something would be said to help your people in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Uh you can have your seats this morning. And uh I uh I won't take long I uh I was given a u given a uh a cert this morning and uh I said don't worry about that. I already got one made and it's supposed to last for five hours. So and uh so anyways, but it was a it was fun. And it was a uh they were kidened. And so um but uh just just briefly um you know we're we're being tested, we're being tried um and and uh you know just it just seems like everything is Satan is attacking on every hand. And uh you know uh the prophet said there is so much fear in the world today um that uh u in the church today and brother Brandham said this this fear is that people are afraid that God won't keep his word. Uh that's that's the fear that God just won't keep his word. And I was listening to him today in in the covenant uh that God made with Abraham and he said that's one of the greatest curses that's in the church today is the people who are afraid to lay a hold of God's word the promise. Now think of that who that that's amazing of how people would be afraid to lay a hold of the the only thing that could help us but they're afraid to lay a hold of God's word. the promise. But he says, "How could God ever take one of his words back?" Why? It would be easier. Now, notice what he said. "It would be easier for all the stars to just vanish out of the skies, the sun, the moon, and the earth to pass away than it would be for God to take his word back." it would be easier uh uh uh for this to happen because uh he says the word of God is eternal and it's forever right. How many believes that it's forever right? So so there's not one time that it'll be wrong. It's forever right. But God's word cannot pass away. So he says, "How I love to rest my weary soul upon every word of it." Ain't that right? It just seems like when you just uh uh hang it up there and say, "There it is." See, it's got to happen. See? Uh cuz God said so. How many believes that? And if God promised it, God has to keep his his word. Amen. Uh you know we the Bible tells us that we are hes and u uh which means that we have an inheritance and you know we could go uh quite along in depth on that inheritance and things but uh uh but an inheritance is something that has been given to us. Uh you don't earn it. you don't um uh you know uh you don't get it on your own is someone just gives it to you and it's left to you and so the one who receives the inheritance is called an heir and you know uh we we've heard it brother Brandham has dealt with it on this law of adoption and I I'm I'm guessing he's probably uh one of the only ones uh that has dealt with the law of adoption uh out of the ministers around and still yet I don't I outside of the message uh but but we wouldn't the law of adoption wouldn't really mean much to us if we didn't have the message and brother Brandham really focused on that uh and and of course he he talks about you know the law of adoption is when the son is is adopted and and when he is adopted he comes into his inheritance. So he's born a son uh uh but the inheritance is the kingdom that his father uh owns or has um and it's given over to him. So I think most of us know what brother Brandham says about the that there but brother Brandham says when the child was born he was a son but his conduct had to do with his inheritance. Ain't that right? And so uh then then we know how that the father he would be so busy with his kingdom and and the things taking care of the uh checking this field out and the servants over here and he just had a vast uh land and and and kingdom and so he he couldn't take care of of the son properly. So he would hire him a tutor and and uh set that tutor over the the the child and the tutor would teach uh the child the way of the father. And brother Brandham tells us of how that the the tutor had to know the father. He was he was basically best friends. Uh he was a trusted uh uh man and uh the father could trust him. And so uh uh the tutor would teach the child the ways of the father. the the um the conduct of the father, how the father conducted his business and things and and he would tell about all the father's kingdom and how the father run the kingdom and and what the father liked and what he didn't like. And so uh um and then if the child was obedient to the the the the tutor and really listened to the tutor, well then the the the child then he he would al he would start walking the way the father walked. He would start talking the way the father talked. He would start thinking the way the father uh uh thought. He would start handling things the way the father would handle things. Amen. And so his his character was being molded into the father's character and the likeness of the father. Uh not maybe just in looks but in character because he he was he was he was subjecting himself to the tutorship that was set over him. and and and so uh then if the child was of good character, then he was interested in the father's business, he was studious about the father's business, everything was about the father's business. and and and then of course, you know, the tutor would uh uh send word back uh uh to the uh father and and because the father wanted to know what kind of a character his son had and and things and because he wasn't going to give the kingdom over to someone that that wasn't wasn't going to take care of the kingdom. I mean, the father had spent all this time guarding that kingdom and building that kingdom up, and he wasn't going to give to somebody that wasn't appreciative of it and wasn't going to run it right and was just going to let it go down into the ground and and all of these things. You understand what I'm saying? See, and and so he wanted a a son the uh that that had the same appreciation for it, had the same desire to keep it going, had the same thought, the same motive, the same ambition and all of these things. And he would take care of it and he would he would be careful on how he ran the business and and all of these things. See? And so uh uh uh uh uh then the the the prophet said if the son was obedient, then the tutor could say to the father, "Oh, that fella, he is one of the smartest little chaps I've ever seen. Even though he's youthful, amen, he's just a chip off the old block. That's all. He loves you. He's just exactly like you. He's about your business. He stands exactly firm on what you say. And he's just like you. Ain't that right?" So then the father would set up a time and he would call an assembly and he would adopt this child and and his son into the family and and then the son uh uh he he had come to that maturity and now he was placed over the inheritance or over the kingdom. He was given full authority. He spoke in the father'sstead. The father would just kind of back off from the scene. Amen. And the son stepped forward. Amen. Everything was under his command. Uh his signature on the check was just as good as the father's. Ain't that right? And and so I want to just say it this way. It's not that God's not wanting us to wait till we get to heaven to have our inheritance. I I believe that our inheritance is right before us and is is obtainable even now. Amen. So you remember Jesus uh being on the mount transfiguration uh the prophet said he was adopted. That was his time of adoption. I know some don't believe that uh and and some ministers but but he was adopted on Mount Transfiguration. And the father said, "I placed him positionally. That's my son. I placed him positionally. That's my son. What he says, I'll back up. He's kept my words. He's fought through all these denominations and everything else and has kept the faith. See, he pulls no punches. He's been true. He's always about my work. And when people look at him, they see me. See, this is my son. Hear ye him. Ain't that right? So, so Jesus said, "Come to his place of adoption." But but the Bible says that uh uh we are predestinated unto the adoption of sons which means we have an inheritance uh which means that I am an heir you are an heir of of an inheritance. Ain't that right? And so the prophet talked about how that we have come through this church organization uh the dispensation of church organization. We have we have come through the dispensation of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost and now we're living in the dispensation of adoption. Ain't that right? We are living in this dispensation of adoption. Now, we wouldn't know that if it had not been for a prophet, amen, to tell us the day, the age, the time that we're living in. Now, the prophet said the your adoption is not your birth. So when they're teaching that adoption and the birth is the same thing, it's not. The prophet said your adoption is not your birth. Your adoption is your placing. When you were born again, John 1:17, he says, I believe we when we are born again of the spirit of God, we are sons of God, but we were predestinated. And he says, now that's what I'm trying to get to you is for the sons of the last day. We were predestinated unto adoption. Another place. If Christ is in you, then your faith is like the faith that was in Christ. I want to say that again. If Christ is in you, then your faith is like the faith that was in Jesus Christ. You believe the father for you are sons and daughters of God by the adoption by Jesus Christ. Ain't that right? In 1955, brother Brandham said this. He said the Holy Spirit will move in not with a new birth for we have received that through Christ but God will adopt his church then and then she'll be clothed in the power of the resurrected Lord. Now that was in 1955 and I believe that that that happened exactly the way he said it. Amen. In in 63. Amen. But so so he says here and this is I think important. Let us be subject in faith. Everybody say, "In faith, let us be subject to him in faith who is our father and live." Ain't that right? So, so then that that's what we're required to do. That's the only way you can be subject unto God the Father is be subject to him in faith. In faith. Can you say amen? Amen. Be subject in him. In other words, taking him at his word. Amen. And and we know that uh uh to be subject to him in faith is to be subject to the word in faith because he is the word. So we're subject to the word in faith. And so then Paul would say in Ephesians 1:1, we have obtained an inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. Ain't that right? And so we we find that uh uh we are heirs uh to the promise. And uh well then how can we be heirs? You know uh Paul would tell us there in Romans 8:17 he tells us that we are heirs of God. Now think of that we are heirs of God. Amen. And so how can we be heirs of God except we be a son of God, a son, a daughter of God. Ain't that right? Amen. And and what makes us a son of God is is according to Genesis, we were made in the image of God. Ain't that right? Amen. This makes us a little amateur God. Amen. as the prophet said, you know, and Genesis 1:26, God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over the cattle, over all the earth, over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Ain't that right? So, we are to have dominion. And then he says, "Multiply, be fruitful uh uh and replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion." Amen. Over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. So, Brother Brham said, "Man in the beginning, when he was made, a man is a God." Ain't that right? He's absolutely a God. For he was made in the image of God, being a son of God. Then he is heir to all that God is. Not that God has. Not being heir to all that God has, but heir to all that God is. Whatever God is, we're heir to that. Ain't that right? Yes, sir. See, that's why Peter would talk about being uh made partakers of the divine nature of God, the very God. So, it's not just having faith, it's it's God's own faith. It's not just having love, a human love, but it's God's own love. God is love and and and these things. Ain't that right? So then uh uh we're we're heirs to this. Now when we when we talk of of of tutorship uh being under tutorship and conduct and all that you know a a lot of times we automatically seem to want to go to the rules of the church and a code of ethics and dos and don'ts and and and it goes back to legalism and what do I have to do what do I not have to do and and all of these things and then when we get you know we fail and we make a mistake or whatever ever. Then we think, "Oh, no. I'll never get adopted." And and now I got to go back to the beginning and start all over again and and all of these things. But, you know, I I don't believe that's what it's all about. God never wanted us to go in that direction. But I believe it is it is it is faith in God's word. It's when we can go through things and totally take God at his word and believe it regardless. Just believe it. Now, I know we're going through a lot of trials. I I know that. But but but you got to understand what God is is wanting. And what God is proving, he's proving our faith in his word. Now, he's already gave him the word. He's already He's already sent the tutor. The spirit of truth shall come. And and when that spirit of truth came, amen, and opened the book, God had a prophet upon the earth. Amen. because he does nothing except what he first reveals it to his servants to prophets. Ain't that right? Brother Brham said when that mighty angel come with an open book, the seventh angel would be on earth at the same time. Amen. And the and the mighty angel would hand that book, hand the revelation, hand that Amen. that open uh uh the mysteries, everything be given to that seventh angel. Amen. To reveal it to his people. Ain't that right? Amen. And now so so we don't need another message. We don't need another messenger. We don't need someone other prophet to rise up on the scene to lead us into the promised land. Amen. What we need Amen. Now, now God's already proven the word. God's already proven that this message is right. How many believes that? So the message is not on trial. Amen. If if someone's trying to put this message on trial, he's he's he's long gone. You you don't have to listen to that guy. Amen. Because the message has already been proven over and over and over and over that it's right. Ain't that right? Amen. But what is on trial is our faith to whether we're going to take God at his word regardless of the situation and just take it at his word and say, "God, that's for me. I believe it regardless." Can you say amen? We're we're at that place that God that we're subjecting ourselves to the tutorship or to the word of God in faith. In faith. Can you say amen? You you can say, "Well, I I'm sure you know, I've you know, you can you can have your long hair. You can not wear your makeup. You can have the sleeves all the way down to your your fingertips, and you can have your skirts all the way down past your your your toes. and and and and we we could have uh you know, no beards and no no sideburns and no rings and we could have that all. It's it's already been done all down through the ages. Amen. But that's not subjecting yourself to the word. Amen. Cuz I've seen people do all that stuff and never have faith in the word of God. They doubt a prophet. They don't believe the prophet. And then then some of them will say, "Well, yes, Brother Bram's a prophet, but I don't have to believe everything he said." Amen. And then they try to correct the prophet and then they go this way and they go that way. See? So, so that's not what that's not what God's looking after. He's looking for somebody to take faith and in faith subject themselves to the word. Can you say amen? Got to subject ourselves to the word. Oh, do you love him? Amen. And so we find that Amen. that all uh then then we find that God wants us to believe his word. In Hebrews 6:17, Paul said we are heirs of promise. So we're not just heirs of God, but we are heirs of promise. So everything that God has promised, I'm an heir to. You are an heir to. It's his word. Ain't that right? Amen. See, we are heir to. His word is his promise. And and so then uh uh uh every every promise that God has made to us is in his written word. Do you believe that? Amen. Uh uh you know and and I'll just say I don't believe that brother Brandham preached anything outside this Bible. Now now you say, "Well, I don't see it verbatim." You may not see it, but you know what? We wouldn't have seen a lot of things if it hadn't been for a prophet. Amen. To take us back to the word of God. Amen. and began to point things in this Bible that we had no idea. Amen. And then we find out that these promises belong to us. We find out it's not just a book of history, but everything that they witnessed and they testified of and their life lived, it was testifying of not only Christ as the bridegroom, but of of Christ as the bride or as the bride. Well, we are part of Christ. Ain't that right? And so we we find that that his word is a word of promise. And it's in this written Bible uh uh written in the Bible. It tells us of God's plan. It tells us of God's will. Amen. It it tells us and and we find out that we've got an expected end. Do you believe that? That's that's what God says in in Jeremiah. I believe. Amen. I know the thoughts that I think of of you. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. So you'll never get God to think evil of you. Satan. I don't care what Satan does. He's the accuser of the brethren. But he cannot go so far as accusing you to where it gets God to change his mind about you. Amen. Satan is the accuser of the brethren, but it's already been written that God has thoughts of peace toward me and not of evil. And he's got already an expected end for me. Can you say amen? Well, that's what I'm heir to because it's written in the word. It's a promise that I am heir to. Can you say amen? I've got an expected end. Amen. And and I I looked up that word accuse because Satan is the accuser. And that word accuse means to charge with a fault and to blame. And and when you're looking at the flesh, he's got plenty. He's got plenty to to bring accusation about. Amen. But but there's a blood. God, he wanted sons and daughters. He wanted to return the kingdom back to the sons of God. Amen. And so he had to there's only one way he could do it. He created a a sea of forgetfulness which is the blood of God. Can you say amen? The blood of Jesus Christ is that sea of forgetfulness. Amen. And your sins are lost forever. There is no such things as sins when it's in the sea of forgetfulness. The blood. Brother Brandon says why? Because that blood is like a bleach. It breaks every power. It sends it back to where it came from. And now you stand justified. Well, aren't you glad for that? Amen. So, our final end is in the written word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. It's in the written word. And I uh had a quote and I'm going to read it if I can find it now and then I'm going to let you go cuz I know it's hot and uh my 5hour button can wait. Uh but I do want to if I can find it. Um because I I think it's important that we understand who we are and what we are. Can you say amen? And and I think this is um yeah, this is it. And and brother Brandham, I'm going to read you two quotes, but Brother Brandham says, "When Satan tempts us," everybody say, "When Satan tempts us, we are to resist him in a perfect faith." Can you say amen? Can't say, "Well, Satan, I spoke in tongues. Get thee behind me." Can't do that. You'll laugh at that. Well, I pay my tithes and offerings every Sunday. Can't Can't do that. Better not resist him that way. Well, I'm letting you know I've never walked into a barroom. You can't resist him that way. You got to resist him in a perfect faith in the word. Can you say amen? to where we're not questioning God's way, not questioning God's will, not questioning, we just believe it. If God said it, I just going to believe it. Ain't that right? Now, now I I I understand that, you know, resisting Satan with the perfect faith is is hard sometimes because you got to be sold out to this word. You you have got to be totally sold out and and you cannot you you cannot question as to say, well, how long is it going to take? How when when is the victory going to come? When is the when is the answer going to come? That is not up to us to decide that. God knows when he's going to answer. God knows that. But we've still got to resist with the perfect faith. Don't don't let Satan move us from it. Don't let Satan get us to question it. Don't let Satan get us to start doubting. Don't let Satan get us to start wondering when it's going to happen and and all of these things. If God said it, I believe it. You know, I and and I'm just going to tell off on myself, but you know, I was telling my wife the other day, I said, I just, you know, I I I'm just uh I I'm I'm just I'm a failure at everything. You know, I was really going through the mlly grubs and um and I said, I'm not a preacher. I'm not this and I'm not that, and I'm not that. and she just rolls her eyes. And but I I I got w got out of the room and I was walking down and just something came to me where brother Bren says, "The moment you say you're not saved is the moment you're not saved." And I thought, "Oh, I better watch my my mouth, huh?" And then I started just saying, "Well, I am saved. I am a Christian. I am victorious. I don't feel like it, but I am. Because I've got something to confess by. I Satan don't care about my feelings. God don't care about my feelings. If you understand what I'm saying. Other words, I cannot make a case to God and sit here at an altar and just cry and boo. I've just had so much trouble and I just had so much this and I Oh, you poor little thing. I'll help you out. That's not it. We've got to resist Satan by perfect faith. Now we've already got the perfect word. The perfect word has been restored. Right? So, so then the trial is is our faith. The trying of your faith workketh patience. Ain't that right? So he says when Satan tempts us, notice we are to resist him in a perfect faith in a perfect word. Now, who who else has to where you going to find a perfect word outside this message? You ain't going to do it. They want to pick it apart. They want to dissect it. But what they're doing, what ministers are doing is taking the perfect faith away from the people to where they don't have a leg to stand on. Because if brother Brandham is wrong here, then he must be wrong here somewhere else. And if he's wrong there, then where where am I going to really stand at? So you've got to stand with resist the devil. Amen. In a perfect faith, in a perfect word like Jesus did. Jesus resisted him because he had uh uh he had the word of the prophets. You believe that he had the prophets, amen, to rely upon. Amen. To know what he was. He took the scriptures, the same scriptures, the same book that we're looking at, the same promises. Amen. It was written in the scrolls at that time. Amen. But he could read about it and he could say, "That's me." by revelation, by faith, by perfect faith in that perfect word, he could take Isaiah's prophecy. He could take David's prophecy. He could take Ezekiel's prophecy. He could take Jeremiah's prophecy. He could take Moses's prophecies. Amen. And resist the devil by them. And this book has been open to us. Amen. Can you say amen? I I believe that. See? Amen. So, we're not sitting here wondering what our promises are. God has made sure we know. God has made known these promises for this bride. Now, we've got a perfect faith. We got to resist that devil. I I I can't help. If I could if I could keep the devil from coming from you and tempting you, I'd do that. But I ain't I can't. And God ain't going to do it. God wants you to resist him by perfect faith to show you to show him you're not like Eve. You're not going to sit there and let the devil run all over you and twist your mind up and get you away from the word of God. You're going to stand there and resist the devil in a perfect faith in a perfect word. He said, "The word of God is perfect, and we're to have perfect faith in this perfect word and resist Satan." Now, someone's dear brother was telling me the other day, he said, "Well, Brother Brham didn't have perfect faith and he didn't have perfect love." And I thought, "Oh, Lord, if he didn't have a perfect faith, where are you standing?" but you'll never find Brother Brandham, even though he had his faults and even though he had his ups and downs, even when he told his wife, I I'm not a preacher. I ain't, you know, and I'm not this. And he he had mully grubs. He He had times that he felt sorry for himself. There was a time that he told God, "You owe me. You owe me an explanation." Remember that? Telling God something. He said, "Boy, I really found out real fast. He don't owe me nothing. Amen. He said, "God, let me sit there on an island by myself." You don't let me think about that for a while. You know what I'm saying? But you'll never find Brother Brandham questioning the word of God. He had a perfect faith. And I believe he had a perfect love. I believe it was that type of love that subdued that bull that day. I believe it was that perfect love that subdued that that that them hornets. Amen. I can't explain everything, but all I know is I believe he had a perfect faith in the message that he brought to us. And we've got to have that same perfect faith. So he says, now I want you to listen. This is our last quote. Brother Brandham said, when you and the word becomes one, when you and the word becomes one, every promise, glory to God, every everybody say every every promise is yours. It oys you. So I say that again. When you and the word becomes one, how how how does this happen? Believing. Amen. Taking God at his word. Don't let nothing else have preeminence in your life but this. You say, "But oh, I've got so many faults that I've just I just don't know. I I just every time I take one step forward, I go backwards. Believe every word of God. Believe every word of God. Because you ain't gonna do it by worrying. You ain't gonna do it by griping. You ain't going to be able to do it by changing everybody. You ain't going to be able to by doing it by changing the church and changing, you know, the preacher, changing the deacons, changing your spouse, changing your children, changing every, you know, you can keep trying and trying and trying and trying. You can even keep trying to change yourself. It ain't going to work. But perfect faith in this perfect word will. So he says when you and the word becomes one, every promise, glory to God, every promise is yours. It obeys you. Now notice what he says. Then you want to watch what you want to do. Amen. Watch what you want to do. You wouldn't put your hand in a fire just to say, "See me do it." Oh, no. No. But if there's something in that fire and I got to reach that I've got to reach for it will obey me. That's right. See, so you want to watch what you're doing. Amen. Oh, we're not just doing it just to do it. But whatever you have need of and there's danger in the way, you can make it obey you. Can you say amen? You love him. This is where we're at today. This This is where we're at. I believe with all my heart. And if I can just encourage you, believe the word of God. Believe the word of God regardless if the musicians will come. You love the Lord. Amen. Now, um uh as they come, um I had mentioned we was going to have prayer meeting tomorrow. Uh but the way it is right now, we probably won't cuz it's hot. And so we'll have u uh we'll do the prayer meeting next Monday, the Lord willing. Amen. But uh do you love him? Amen. He's so good to us. Amen. And I uh but church, you got to believe that word. Amen. The the the things have been set before us. uh examples have been set before us. And you know, I I I think of, you know, like uh Noah, as far as I know, God only come to him once telling him that it was going to rain and gave him all of that, but then he had to wait 120 years by faith. By faith. You know, the Bible doesn't say that he had visitations every day of an angel. It doesn't say that he, you know, he lived on the mountain tops and all that. Uh, uh, but by faith, 120 years, he preached the same message by faith. God didn't tell him when it was going to happen. He just said it's going to happen. And Noah was so so solid on that, so believed it that he just went around preaching. And he he was willing to be called a nut, willing to be cast out of society, ma made fun of and laughed at, but it didn't matter to him. He so believed God's word. And yet, he didn't even have that word proven to him before he could believe it. You know what I mean? He never saw rain himself. Just God said it's going to rain and he believed it. We've had the word. If you if you need healing in your body, you've got proof that God does that stuff. Whether it's cancer, whether it's Parkinson's, whether it's tuberculosis, whether it's a heart problem, whatever it is, we've got proof after proof after proof. We've seen God do it. You understand what I'm saying? But no, it didn't have no proof of rain. He didn't say, "God, can you give me a little sample of what it's going to be like, how it is, but he believed it." And 120 years, he preached it by faith. Abraham the same way. Abraham, you know, he was going to have a child. God said he was going to have a child. Never had it done before. That's right. Had a old man, an old woman going to have children. Never saw that. never never seen it done. But God said, "You're going to have it done. It's going to be done." He had to wait 25 years, but regardless, he believed. He believed. Can you say amen? Oh, why should I worry when trials can gi my name? [Music] My God is so much bigger. the troubles I face. [Music] Why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? [Music] Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. [Music] It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, sing it again. Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] [Music] Better, stronger, greater. Gater than you. [Music] My enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. My God is stronger. The victory already won. [Music] He died for my ransom and he rose up on the third day. [Music] Oh my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave. Don't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Oh my. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? You see my God is so much bigger than troubles I face. And why would I hunger for power, riches, or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. And I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be named. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So now speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Yeah. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Mind me scatter cuz they know the battle is done. [Music] My God is stronger. The victories already won. Oh ye died for my ransom rose upon the third day. Cuz my God is greater than death, hell and the grave. I won't be shen. I won't be. My God is faithful. His promise is true. Hallelujah. Can you lift your hands and just worship him? Speak to the mouth. Hallelujah. This is the time for the promises to be claimed. Claim them promises. Hallelujah. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. His promise it's true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Yes, it is. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. My God is stronger. The victory already won. He died for my ransom and he rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. Hallelujah. So I speak to the mountain. [Music] This is the time to claim them. This is the time to claim your mountain. Hallelujah. Bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger. He's better. He's stronger. Greater than you. [Music] Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? [Music] My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. [Music] Why would I hunger for power, riches, or fame? [Music] You see, my God is so much better than all of these things. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He knew what you'd go through. God knew. He knew what the path you'd be taking. He knew that some of you, your children, would be wewarded. He knew that. So he laid it in the promises and he said now this is your inheritance. When this comes this is your inheritance. You lay claim to the inheritance. Hallelujah. Speak to the mountains. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better. He's greater than you. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. [Music] Water you turned into wine. [Music] You open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. [Music] None like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. [Music] Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. Water you turn into wine. Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger God. You are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. And if our God is for us who can never stop us. And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? What can stand against? Oh, sing it now. Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. There's that song. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] [Applause] Then sings my soul, my Savior God toe. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Sing that chorus again. then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, how great thou are. How great thou God [Music] and sing my soul. Oh yes. Hallelujah. How great thou [Music] how great thou are. Well, do you love the Lord? So remember, this is the time to claim your promises. Amen. Not when you're on the mountaintop. You can claim them then, but don't stop claiming them just because you're in the valley and you don't feel worthy and you just maybe you're sick and you just ain't seeing anything happen. Oh, just start claiming them, claiming your inheritance. Amen. God bless you. And u it's just really good to have Sister Kim Brunfield's granddaughters. Amen. And uh sorry it's it's been hot, but uh we still can have church even when it's hot. Amen. And I guess because it's hot, it just really makes you want to go to heaven. Amen. Praise the Lord. So God bless you and uh may you fathers have a wonderful day today and I pray God's peace be upon you. And um remember service Wednesday night at 7 o'clock and uh brother Josh Bennett's meeting starts this Thursday through Sunday. So if you're able to go I I'm sure you'll be blessed uh by it. And uh again, no service or no prayer meeting tomorrow. And uh hopefully they'll be able to get this fixed tomorrow or Tuesday. So God bless you. Let's just bow our heads in word of prayer. Brother Amos, do you want to dismiss us in prayer?
