################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-03 - Pastor Shawn Martin We Are Looking At The Unseen - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-03
Title:   Pastor Shawn Martin "We Are Looking At The Unseen"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll879CdHaMA
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] So, praise unto the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you a sacrifice of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you. Sacrificees of joy. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. For we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. Can we stand? Oh, and we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of joy. Sing it again. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of joy. Amen. Are you glad to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Amos to invite the Lord's presence. Heavenly Father God, once again, Lord, we do not take for granted, Lord, our opportunity, Lord, and life, breath in our body, Father, that we can come to a place that's been set aside to worship you in spirit and in truth. Lord, may we worship, Lord, like it was our last service, Lord. May we not take for granted at any time, Lord, any time that we spend with you or your children. Lord God, may you have your blessing over the service tonight. We pray in Jesus [Music] name. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh yes. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh glory hallelujah is due our God. Oh every praise. Oh every praise is to our God. Oh he's God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He's God, my savior. He's God, my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing that again. Every praise, oh every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. For every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Oh yes. Sing hallelujah. For to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God for every praise. Oh, every praise is to our God. He's God. Oh, he's God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He's God, my savior. He's God, my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God as they come for the offering. Oh, he's God. My savior. He's God, my healer. He's God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Amen. Do you believe he's God tonight? Amen. Brother Joe. [Music] Oh, he's God my [Applause] savior. God my heal. Do you believe that tonight? Oh God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He's God, my savior. [Music] God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. He's our healer, our savior, our deliverer. Amen. Oh, hell king Jesus. [Music] Oh hell [Music] manuel. He's the king of kings, lord of lords, the bright morning star. And throughout [Music] eternity, I'm going to praise him and forever more. Oh, I will reign with him with all your hearts now. Oh, all hell king Jesus. All hell manuel. He's the king of kings. He's Lord of lords, the bright morning star. Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more. Oh, I will reign with him. One more time. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell manuel. He's the king of kings. He's Lord of lords. The bright morning star. Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more. I will reign with him. as they would just play softly tonight. We uh just want to make mention Sister Kim Broomfield, Sister Martha, Sister Mindy, uh and Mom just aren't feeling the greatest tonight. Um I believe mom's doing a lot better, but we want to keep uh all those who aren't feeling good in our prayers. Amen. We want to keep Sister Brenda in our prayers. Uh she goes in for surgery tomorrow on her eye. Amen. And I believe then the following week she'll go in for her other eye. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Um, as well as Sister Kim Weeks, u she's been suffering there and her niece um hadn't been able to u come tonight and uh Sunday. So, let's just keep her in our prayers that the Lord would just touch her. Amen. Brother uh Andrew Glover uh has asked for prayer. He's to be ministering for brother Bryce Collins um there in Oklahoma. So, let's just keep him in our prayers tonight. How many has an unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. It's good to have our visitors here with us. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Terry if he would come and lead us. Uh let's remember our pastor. Amen. It's good to have our pastor and the family back home with us. Amen. Sister Ana, brother Amos, sister Lisa. Amen. Good to have y'all home. [Music] Amen. Let's all look to the Lord as we pray. [Music] Lord, we ask a simple question sometimes in oursel. We might ought to ask the question, where did we get that desire to serve you, Lord? Thinking about coming to church. One school they were playing soccer, had soccer practice. Another school had baseball practice and so forth. Why don't they have a desire to go to church? Lord, why did you why did you give us a desire? There's nothing in a human being to really desire God, but you put something in there. There's nothing in a a hog to be a sheep, but you you had to place a nature change in there for we had a desire to serve you. Thank you, Lord, for that. I just got to think about that. You gave us that desire to serve you, and we so appreciate that. Thank you for sending us Malachi 4, for sending us this message. We ask Lord for these prayer requests. You know, Sister Brennon going in for that cataract surgery. I pray that you'll just guide the doctor's hand. Lord, uh he's been to school, Lord. He's had much experience, no doubt. But Lord, I pray that your hand of God would just guide uh him smoothly as he performs that operation as you give her grace this week and next week also with those three or four requests for sickness. I pray that you'll be with each one of them. you know the needs and sister um uh Kimberly and you know her condition and what she has need of. We just pray for her also. Lord, we're needy people, but we have a one that's an everpresent help in a time of need. And I pray for brother Sean as you he brings the evening message tonight. Lord, let it be spiritual food in due season. and what you've laid upon his heart to bring to us, Lord, and just be fresh Vanna that will just give us insight, give us understanding, Lord, that more ammunition to be an overcomer in this last few days of what we got left on this uh bride age that we're living in. Leot closed out as far as we're concerned in the bride age, but how thankful we are for where we are, where you're taking us to, and the promise of that full adoption. Oh God, how we thank you. Bless all that's done and said tonight we pray all the unspoken requests raise hands. You know what's upon their hearts. Bless our visitors. We just pray for each request in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. You can be seated. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. And forever more I will reign with [Music] him. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell I manel. He's the king of kings. His Lord applaudes the bright morning star. [Music] Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him as Judah gets ready to come. Oh hail King Jesus. Oh our hell [Music] manuel. He's the king of kings. He's Lord of lords, the bright morning star. Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. and forever more I will reign with him. Amen. Grew still as she made her way to Jesus. She stumbles through the tears that made her blind. She felt such pain. Some spoken anger. Heard folks whisper, "There's no place here for her kind." Oh, still on. She came through the shame that flushed her face until at last she knelled before his feet. Though she spoke no words, everything she said was heard as she poured her love for the master from her box of alabaster. And I've come to pour my praise on him like boy from Mary's alabaster b. [Music] So don't be angry if I wash his feet with my tears and dried them with my hair. Cuz you weren't there that night. He found me. You did not feel what I felt when he wrapped his loving arms around me. And you don't know the cause of the soil in my alabaster [Music] box. I can't forget the way life used to be. I was a prisoner to the sin that had me bound. I spend my days pouring my life without measure into a little treasure box I thought I found. Oh, until the day when Jesus came to me and healed my soul with the wonder of his touch. So now I'm giving back to him all the praise he's worthy of. I've been forgi. And that's why I love him so much. And I've come to pour my praise on him like oil from Mary's alabaster. So don't be angry if I wash his feet with my tears and I dry them with my hair. [Music] Oh, cuz you weren't there the night Jesus found me. You did not feel what I felt when he wrapped his loving arms around me. You don't know the cause, not of this oil. Oh, you don't know the cause of my praise. [Music] And you don't know the cause of the soil in my alabaster box. [Applause] Amen. Did you come to pour your praise on him tonight? Amen. Um, Brother Brandon and Sister Amy, do y'all have a song for us tonight? Sure. Okay. All right. Uh, can we sing that song? Um, I'll praise you morning and night. My mind's gone blank. I sing that song. Oh, I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. Oh, I give you praise for you are my [Music] righteousness. Oh, I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. There is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. Do you believe that [Music] tonight? No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Sing it one more time. Oh, there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. [Music] Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? Amen. Can we sing that song? Little girl was lying there. Little girl was lying there. People are weeping. They just laugh at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. But as he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord and some began to say, "He's in the house." Oh, and death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. He's in the [Applause] house. We were like that little girl. We were dead in all our sins. But Jesus touched this heart of mine and he gave me life again. Now I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. said he's in the house. Oh, and death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Oh, there's no more down. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. I just love this verse. We were like that little girl. We were dead in all our sins. But Jesus touched this heart of mine and he gave us life again. Now I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. [Applause] that he's in the house and death has to flee. Oh, now there is light. Oh, where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. Yes, he's in the house. Oh, he's in the house. In [Music] [Music] the He's in the house. Oh, he's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that? Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. Well, aren't you glad that he's in the house? Amen. Praise the Lord. And because he is here, we expect the impossible to be done. And uh we know that he is alive and well. Amen. And we certainly love him. Amen. And um it's good to just have everyone in the house of the Lord and good to have brother Green and his family here with us. God bless you all. And uh we have uh different ones that are sick and so we certainly want to keep them in our prayer. The Lord will just um heal them and bring them back to the house of the Lord. And uh if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to um 2 Corinthians the 4th chapter. Good to have brother Beal back with us and Amen. Feeling better. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh we're glad to be back home and had a good time there in Oklahoma. the youth uh meeting and um Lord just there every service. So we just appreciate that and um tell you what it's uh good to be among God's people. Amen. And not only that, but just to see God moving among the youth and Amen. And I know the the young people are special to the Lord and and um just good to see them blessed. Amen. Uh before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and just talk to our Lord for a moment. Father, Lord, we come to you needy Lord and our soul desiring more of you, Father. And we realize that we couldn't have that desire unless you created it within us. And Father, you created it within us because you want to meet with us. You desire, Lord, to have fellowship with us. And Father, it's the deep calling unto the deep. And we're so glad that we're able to respond to that call. Yes, sir. And Lord, we're just asking now that you would just move among us this evening. That you'd forgive us of all of our sins and our failures. And Father, may we just uh just yield ourselves to you, Father. And may you speak through me. And Father, may you just speak to your people. And may we all have a heart to receive and to understand. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. Uh 2 Corinthians the 4th chapter, and we're going to start at the the 15th verse. But it says, "For all these things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redown to the glory of God. For which cause we thank not, but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. While we look not at the things which are seen, but at things the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. Amen. Amen. And you can have your seats this evening. And um I guess if I would have a a title, it'd be seeing the unseen from the heart. Amen. And you know, we realize that there is an unseen world that the average person knows nothing about. And um and and so Paul tells us that we we look the believer. Uh that's that's who he's talking about. We the believer look uh to the unseen. We're not crazy. We're not um you know looking uh I guess you know the world would think we're crazy. Uh this is not a figment of our imagination. It's just something that we see that the world cannot see. Amen. And so they they might think that we're imagining things or hallucinating or uh just just in a hype, but we are actually seeing things that are real. Amen. And yet they're unseen. Things are real that we are looking at and yet they're unseen. So can someone see something and yet another person not see it? Well, the Bible says we can, and we we've seen that experience u uh with Elisha and his servant as the the the uh second Kings 6 and 15. It talks about when the servant uh of the man of God was risen early and gone forth, behold, and host compass the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, "Alas, my master, how shall we do?" And he, Elisha, answered, "Fear not, for they that be with us are more than they that be with them." Amen. So Elisha is actually seeing something that that the servant is not seeing. And Elisha prayed and said, "Lord, I pray thee, open his eyes that he may see." Not that he was blind. He just couldn't see the unseen. Amen. Yet the unseen was obvious to Elisha. So he says, "Lord, open his eyes that he may see." And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man, and he saw, and behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha. Amen. So we find that that you can see something and yet someone else cannot see it. Jesus would talk to his disciples and he would say this in John 14:19 yet a little while and the world seeth me no more but you see me. So there will be the the now brother Brandham talks about the world that cannot see him would be that unbeliever. The unbeliever will not see me he says but you shall see me. The believer shall see me. See? And so then then we ask, well, why is it that the unbeliever cannot see him and yet the believer can see him? And brother Brandham of course gives gives many answers as well as the Bible. But brother Brandham says this, angelic beings associate together. He said, I hope you get that that just dropped down right down free. He said, "Look," he said, "if you got the Holy Spirit in you, then you're a candidate for association with the unseen world and the supernatural." Aren't you glad for the Holy Ghost? Amen. Because if you've got the Holy Ghost, then you're a candidate, Brother Bill, of the unseen uh for association with the unseen world and the supernatural. No wonder people can't believe in those things. They've never come in contact. That's that's why they can't believe in God. They and and the world is becoming more and more uh uh uh uh sure of themselves that there is no God. There is no creator. There there are no such things as as the supernatural. Amen. But but it's it shows that they they've never come in contact with God and they're not an assoc they're not association with the unseen. He said, "So, no wonder people can't believe in those things. They've never come in contact. They've got nothing in here to believe with. But when the Holy Spirit comes into the heart, quickly, he becomes a a a two-fold being. One of earth to die and one of heaven to live." So, notice he says in his body, he's still subject to death, but in his soul, he's passed from death unto life. In his body, he has his earthly contact with his five senses. In his spirit, he has a contact with God through the Holy Ghost. And the angels of God visit them and speaks with them. And they are messengers sent from God to reveal and to bring messages from God to the individual. Can you say amen? So, so then then we find to see the unseen uh uh then it takes the Holy Ghost, amen, in to come into a person's heart, amen, and show him things that cannot be seen with the natural eye or with cannot be discovered with the natural senses. I I believe the angels of God are here right now. I I just believe that every promise of God is true. I I I believe there's a heaven. I I believe there's a millennium. I I believe the new earth is there. I believe the theophony. Amen. That I have a theophony. Amen. And and yet it would take the Holy Spirit to come into us. Amen. To see those things which the natural eye cannot see. Amen. See, now we we look in and in in uh Romans uh 8:16, Paul tells us the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. So this is an example of why we need amen. The Holy Ghost, amen, in order for us to see the unseen. Amen. Because we were born defeated. We were we were born uh uh in sin having this carnal nature that was totally against God. It's an enemy against God. It cannot be subject to God. Amen. Or to his word and and all these things. And by all rights, amen. We should be believing that we're we're we're going to die. We're going to rot. We're going to hail. And because we're undeserving of of any of God's mercy, we all deserve hail. How many believes that we all uh uh deserve these things. We all deserve to go in the in the great tribulation. We all deserve to be able to or to stand before God's uh the the white throne judgment and to be judged by a righteous God. But you know what? I don't see myself standing Amen. at the white throne judgment. I I uh being judged by God. I don't see myself going through the great tribulation. I I don't see myself, Amen, going to hell. I I don't see myself as being defeated and and and and being helpless and and all of these things. Can you say amen? See, because the spirit has revealed to us, Amen. that that we're not hellbound. Amen. We're not vagabonds. We're we're no longer sinners, but we are the children of God. Amen. We are See, so then we are sons and daughters of God. Amen. And and we can only believe that because the Holy Spirit has come into us and bears witness with our spirit that we are sons of God. Can you say amen? This is what gives us a hope. Amen. Because now we're we're looking at the unseen. We're looking at what our senses doesn't declare. We're looking at things and believing in things that our own bodies doesn't even declare. Amen. But yet, we know it to be true because the spirit of God bears witness with our spirit. Amen. That we are sons and daughters of God. Amen. See, so the spirit of God shows, amen, the believer, what is unseen, what cannot be seen. Amen. with the five senses. Brother Bram says being a believer, amen, is what makes you a Christian. It's not going to church that makes you a Christian. It's not being talented or gifted, amen, uh uh or smart or uh uh wealthy or or whatever. Amen. Or having a position in life. What makes us a a Christian is being a believer. And brother Brown said, "What is a believer?" One that believes the word of God. How many believes that? Amen. One that believes the word of God. A Amen. Going against all reasoning, going against all things. We're not believing. The believer does not believe in what his five senses tells him. It it does not believe by what he sees or how he feels or uh uh all of these things, but he simply believes in the word of God. Amen. unseen and and so then we find that the unseen is really found in the word of God. Amen. The unseen are the promises of God. How many believes that God promised that there is a new heaven and a new earth? God promised that there would be a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. God promised that we would never have to go, amen, into judgment, but we pass from death unto life. God's promise the rapture. God's promised a body change. God's promised, Amen. Amen. A theophony. Can you say amen? God's promised a place where there's no tears and no sorrow and heartbreak and no trials and troubles. Amen. God's promised that we will live in a place where Satan is no longer there and and no longer can trouble us. And God's promised these things. And that is what is unseen. We're living in a world of trouble. We're living in a world of corruption. We're living in in a world, a time that people don't know what to do. And because they're looking at what they can see. Amen. But you cannot look at what you see. You must look at the unseen of what God has promised in his word. Amen. Brother Bram said, he said, "You can't read the Bible like a newspaper." Amen. And you know, he says, "See, and and they had an explosion the other day, and now I don't know whether it's true or not." See, they tell us so many things that's wrong. You just can't pay no attention to it. See, but when you read the Bible, it's a love letter to the church. If you read the Bible in any other way, then you're reading the Bible wrong. Because this Bible is a love letter to the church. It's not a it's not a book of of wrath or of judgment to the bride, but it is a love letter. And and in that love letter, Brother Brown says you have to look and read between the lines. You the the unseen is there. Amen. But it's between the lines. Can you say amen? That's right. It's a love letter. So he says, you know, the Bible said Jesus thanked God for hiding it from the eyes of the wise and prudent and and revealed it to babes such as would learn. He goes in another place, when I go overseas, my sweet little wife will write me a letter. Dear Billy, I'm sitting here tonight with the children. We just put them to bed. Little Joseph cried a little tonight for you and uh before I went to bed. See, I know what she's writing. See, but I love her so much that I can read between the lines. And I know what she's talking about. That's the way you have to read God's word is between the lines. Can you say amen? If you love him, he just reveals it to you. That That's what we want. We want God to reveal it to us. We don't want to just sit in this world of doom and gloom and not be able to look at a a a a promise. Amen. But God has revealed them or God will reveal them. So he says if you love him, he will reveals it to you. He said you start there and you just why just here it is. See why I say here it is. Yes sir. So it it begins to unfold to us of the unseen things. Amen. No wonder we get happy. No wonder we're at peace. No wonder we're full of joy in a time of trouble. in a time of desolation, in a time, amen, when we have no reason uh uh naturally to be happy about. Amen. But yet we know we're looking at something that the world cannot see. Amen. See, now we find that no man can know it. No man can know it. We've had theologians and and and and they've got seminaries and great teachers of the word and has been teachers for years. Amen. of trying to figure out, amen, this this Bible to try to see the unseen and yet they've not been able to discover it. Amen. Because no man can know it unless it is revealed of God. Amen. By the spirit of God. No man can reveal it to you. No pope, no no preacher, no no nothing can reveal, amen, the unseen to us. Amen. This is what Paul would tell us. Uh 1 Corinthians 2:9. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither has it entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God, everybody say, but God. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the Spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. So for what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. Now notice what he says in the 12th verse. Now we have received not the spirit of the world. Can you say amen? We're not caught up in the spirit of the age. We're not caught up in the spirit of Leosa, the spirit of the world. Can you say amen? But see, he says, "But the spirit which is of God," that's what we have received in this day. Amen. "That we might know the things that are freely given to us of God." Can you say amen? Well, those things that are freely given to us is the unseen things that have been revealed to us. Amen. those unseen things that have been revealed to us. Amen. Deuteronomy 29 and 29, Amen, says, "The secret things belong unto the Lord our God, but those things which are revealed belong to us." Can you say amen? No wonder the spirit of revelation revelation is so important to us. It's it's more than knowing your ABCs. It's more than than knowing all about the stock market. It's it's more than knowing how to invest your money in and all of these things. Them are fine. Amen. Whatever you want to do. But the greatest thing is when the spirit of God reveals those things to us that are hidden. Can you say amen? Because when they're revealed, then that means they belong to you. Amen. This why we know heaven belongs to us. Amen. and a body change. The rapture belongs to us. Amen. They have been revealed. Amen. And this word revealed. Amen. Uh uh it it it means to make known through divine inspiration. To make something that is secret or hidden known to open up to view. Amen. So those things, Amen. The hidden things belong to God. But those things that have been opened up for us to view and to see and to personally uh uh uh uh see. Amen. Uh uh belong to us and to our children forever. Can you say amen? So the unseen is is revealed to the believer. Amen. The Bible speaks of the Old Testament saints and and how the promises were revealed to them, but yet it says they saw them aar off. Amen. That's what Paul says in the book of Hebrews the 11th chapter is that they saw the promises, but they saw them a far off. But notice how they saw them. They were only seeing the promises through types and shadows. That's that's all they could see. The promises were so far off that they could only see the shadow. Amen. Of what that shadow was reflecting, a man see. So they they saw the promises and yet not everybody could see what they saw. Amen. Therefore, they were not persuaded as the saints were that saw them. Those that saw them saw the promises. Even though they saw them a far off, the Bible says they were persuaded of them. Amen. And not only did were they persuaded, but they embraced them. Can you say amen? Now, not everybody saw them promises. So, not everybody embraced them. Not everybody was persuaded of them. But everyone that saw them promises, Amen, a far off. Even though they were seeing them in a in a type, in a shadow, they embraced them. They were persuaded because they were looking at the unseen. Amen. And they acted like insane people. They acted like, Amen. strange people. Amen. But they saw something that would persuade them that they were pilgrims and strangers upon the earth. This world was not their home. Amen. what they saw. Amen. Persuaded them that they were going to another country. They were going to another land. Amen. That Oh, weren't you glad for that? Amen. See, so the unbeliever, See, now the unbeliever, all they saw in the back in the in the Old Testament, all they saw was a natural lamb. Amen. But see, the believer saw something beyond just that natural lamb. They saw the true lamb. Amen. in the type of the natural lamb. Amen. The unbeliever could only see a natural blood of an animal. They they could only see a natural altar. They could only see a natural priest and and and and all of these things. But see, so so it tells us that the unbeliever can cannot see beyond the natural things. They they they it uh to where they can look at the unseen. Amen. They just see the natural things, the natural ability, the natural uh uh things that we do, you know, and and uh uh uh but yet the believer looks to the unseen. I'm sure Abel by revelation. He he slew that natural lamb, but he wasn't looking at that natural lamb. He was looking at the unseen. He saw the true lamb coming. He saw the true atonement, the true sacrifice coming. Amen. and was persuaded in it. The Bible says they all died in faith. Can you say amen? Not having received the promises, but saw them a far off. Amen. So they were looking at the unseen. Amen. But today, we're not looking at a type. Amen. But we're looking at the very substance that the types Amen. the shadow was reflecting. Amen. The you know, it's it's the shadow. You you know, brother Ram talked about that. You know, there's a you you can have a shadow of of a hand, amen, on the wall. And the further it gets, you just see a little shadow. It doesn't even reflect a hand. But the closer it gets to that shadow and the wall, Amen. the more the shadow begins to take form. Amen. But we're not looking at the shadow. We're looking at the very substance. We are the substance. We are the thing that the shadow was speaking of. Amen. Ruth was the shadow. Here we are what she typed out. Can you say amen? Amen. We look at all of these things that the Old Testament was just types and shadows. But we're living in the age of revelation. That's what a prophet said. He called it the age of revelation. That's what we're living in. This is why Revelations 10:1. We all know it. Amen. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with the cloud and a rainbow was upon his head. This is not a shadow. This is the reality of it. Amen. See that's happened in this age. And his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little open book. He set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot upon the earth. And he cried with a loud voice as when a lion roar. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voice. Can you say amen? See, so now we're looking and we're seeing and understanding the things that were once hid are now being revealed because it's no longer a closed book. It's an open book and the unseen is now being made known. Can you say amen? One beautiful thing is is the prophet says that John shouted. John says that he shouted and and all heaven and every creature in earth and under in the sea and and everywhere heard I John crying out glory and honor and praise under and the prophet said he must have saw his name. He must have saw his name that which was hidden from him. Amen. To where he couldn't see now that the book was open. He could see something just beyond a prophecy. He he saw something just beyond amen promises but he saw his name associated with every promise of God. Amen. Amen. See it it become the unseen become revealed to him. See we're we're preaching from an open book now. Aren't you glad for that? Not a closed book. It's it's not preachers guessing at the book and probing as it's been through all these years. Amen. No. no uh education, no doctorate of degrees, amen, could bring the revelation, amen, of what was written in the book. But now that the book is open, the lamb hath come forth, amen, now we're able to see the the unseen. Amen. Now, we notice uh the book was open, Revelations 10:7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, should be revealed. Ain't that right? Should be completed. Amen. As he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. So then we know there's only one way of revelation, amen, that comes to the channel of a prophet, and that is the seventh angel. Can you say amen? There's not many seventh angel prophets. There ain't many prophets out there that's got a revelation. It would be the seventh angel. And the prophet told us just how he got this revelation. The lamb came down. The mighty angel which was Christ only had that book and he gave it to the seventh angel. For he said the seventh angel must have been on earth has to be on earth at the time of this coming. Amen. And the angel gave it to that seventh angel. The mighty angel Christ gave it to that seventh angel to reveal the book to reveal the mystery unto his people. Can you say amen? So the hidden things are now being revealed. Amen. The revelation is now being made known. Let me ask you, what is the revelation? Well, it's Christ. Christ is the revelation. Amen. If you look at it, amen, the prophet priest that Christ is the mystery of God revealed. It's Christ. Amen. Every part of this book is Christ. How many believes that? He's the theme of the book. He's the theme of the story. It's a love story. Christ and his bride. Amen. See, so the revelation is Christ. Now, we find Luke 21:25. And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars and upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity. The sea and the waves are roaring. The prophet said that's our day. Tidal waves and earthquakes and and the things that are happening nation against nation and and all of these things, men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming upon the earth in the tribulation. Amen. And that's why the fear is coming upon the earth and striking the people for the powers of heaven shall be shaken. But notice, and then shall they see the son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory. Can you say amen? So the revelation that is made known to us is Christ. Everybody say it's Christ. The revelation is Christ. Amen. Christ revealed. Amen. the son of man coming in a cloud. Now, we know it's not a thunderhead cloud, but it's a cloud of angels. And notice now, Jesus already said, "The world will no longer see me." Ain't that right? The unbeliever will no longer see me, but you, the believer, will see me, for I will be in you. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. See? Amen. So according to Luke 17, the son of man would be revealed. So it's a revelation of Christ. The son of man was not brother Brandham. The son of man wasn't even the angel. The son of man is Christ. Amen. Do you believe it? But where is he? Where what what is the revealing? Is it is it Christ revealed in his physical body? No, it's Christ revealed in his church. Praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Brother Bram says God was revealed in Christ. Jehovah revealed in Christ. He said, now where's God to be revealed? In his church with his people in us. Everybody say in us. Yes, sir. See the same spirit, the same works, the same manifestation, the same love, the same forgiveness, the same longsuffering, gentleness, patience, peace, mercy. All that was in Christ is in the church. Every attribute that was in Christ is now in the church. Same ministry, same power, same attitude. Ain't that right? Christ revealed in the church. What a revelation. Can you say amen? So he says, remember, keep this in mind. All that God was, he poured into Christ. He was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And all that Christ was, he poured into the church. There you go. Now, why why is he here? Christ is here to fulfill or to vindicate his own word. He's come to claim what he has redeemed. Can you say amen? We are his victory. How many believes that he couldn't come into us as he did in Christ before the before the blood was shed, before the the the the uh ransom price was paid. He couldn't come unto us while we were yet sinners. Ain't that right? But now he's come in fullness in his church. Not one man, his church. Can you say amen? And the problem said, we are his victory. He died for this purpose. Oh, if we could see that. Amen, young people. He died for this purpose that he may come into you and every attribute of God may be displayed in you. Now the world is looking to see him with their natural eye. Right? Amen. That's what they expect is to see amen him coming in a cloud and they're looking for a thunderhead cloud. They don't even know what cloud to look for. That's right. and and they're expecting to see him in his physical coming. But the Bible says he never promised to come that way. Prophet said he never come promised that we he would never set his feet upon the earth. Amen. Before the rapture takes place in his corporal body. Can you say amen? The Bible says we'll meet the Lord in the air. But he is here not in his corporal body, but in his mystical body, his his church body. and he is the head. Can you say amen? So Jesus Christ has come as the son of man. He came as the son of man when he come to the earth the first time. He was the son of man but he wasn't recognized. And the prophet said why wasn't he recognized as son of man? He said because the son of man was the spiritual revelation a prophet. Son of man means prophet. Ain't that right? See, so Jesus was up on earth and the natural eye could see a physical body, but there was something about him that was unseen, that wasn't recognized. Amen. See? Amen. Now, the prophet said this. He says, "Now, he was son of man because he had come to reveal himself to Israel as a prophet, and they rejected it. And that was the prophecy that they should receive him in the name of the son of man, a prophet because it was according to the word. Deuteronomy 18:15, the Lord shall raise, your God shall raise up a prophet like an unto me. And when he come, he identified himself in his ministry as a man, not a son of God. Spirit, son of man. See, God is a spirit. and he revealed himself as son of man what he claimed to be and they was blinded and couldn't see it. Can you say amen? Amen. Well then so is it today the revelation of the son of man to be revealed. First of all the revealing has to come by way of a prophet. Can you say amen? Amos 3:7. Surely the Lord God will do nothing but he revealth his secret unto his servants the prophets. Ain't that right? And then God promised to send us a prophet in Malachi 4. Behold, I send unto you, Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Brother Bram said, it'll have to be a divine-led prophet for the word of God to come to with the true interpretation of the revelation of Jesus Christ. There would be only one man, one uh uh a prophet that would have the revelation, the true interpretation of the revelation of Jesus Christ. See, so we're not looking at mystical things. We're not looking at things, amen, that doesn't have a true interpretation to it. We're not looking at symbols. We're not looking at something that's outside the Bible. Amen. That's not the unseen that we're looking at. We're looking at something that is found in the Bible, but yet is only come by revelation. Well, do you love him? Now, if you look Matthew 23:39, he says, I Jesus said, I say unto you, you shall not see me henceforth, till you shall say, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. So to see him, Amen. You you have to say, "Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." Can you say amen? Amen. To see the one that God sent, you have to recognize the one that God sent in order to see Christ. Ain't that right? now and and getting somewhere here that Brother Bram said, "The only way that you'll ever know is God has got to personally reveal himself to you in the power of the Holy Ghost before you'll ever know it." That's why we need the Holy Ghost. Do you believe that? That's why we need the spirit of God. We don't need to dry up and get all formal and and and say, "Well," and and and look to the prophet as though he was the only one that had God and and had the supernatural manifestations and and and a move of God. But I believe that God is still here among us. And we need him. Praise the Lord. Because that's the way you'll ever know. See, is God has to personally reveal himself to you in the power of the Holy Ghost before you'll ever know it. Jesus said himself, the scripture teaches, no man can say Jesus is the Christ only by the Holy Ghost. And without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're only guessing at it. You're saying what the word said. You're saying what the pastor said. You're saying what mother said. But when the Holy Spirit comes in and baptizes you into the person of the uh of the Christ Jesus, then you know by personal experience that Jesus Christ is the son of God raised from the dead living in you the hope of glory. Amen. That's good. We're looking at the unseen. Something that is revealed to us. Now if you look, Brother Bram says another place. Now the Christ in the church, Christ in the church is just now being made known. Is just being made known. The whole thing is the revelation of God. How many believes that the whole thing is a revelation of God. We're not looking not not seeing uh uh denomination. We're not seeing some archbishop or some hierarchy. That's not what we're looking at in the unseen. We're seeing God. The whole revelation is God to take Eve back to her right position again with her husband. How many's going back to that position? Amen. If you're part of this bride, that's what you're going back to. Amen. See, looking at the unseen, notice, and God is the husband of the church, and the church is his bride. So the mystery that is being made known is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Can you say amen? Now the prophet says Satan takes people away from revelation because it reveals Jesus as being God and him uh Satan being the devil and he's doomed. How many believes that? Now now church, this is the revelation. Now see the revelation reveals Jesus as being God. How many believes he's God? Amen. Not because the pastor says it, preacher says it, prophet, whatever. That it's a re revelation. Jesus is God. He's He's Lord of Lord, King of Kings. Amen. Not the second person in the Godhead. Can you say amen? But it also reveals, Amen. Satan as to who he is. He's doomed. How many believes that? I don't care what your situation is. Satan is doomed. Amen. Think of it. Looking at the unseen. He may be in control of the world. And the world is getting wicked and wicked. You may look at yourself and see all your hang-ups and your faults and your failures. But I'm telling you, if you look at the unseen, the revelation shows us that Satan is doomed. Christ is not defeated. Christ is God, supreme Lord of Lord. Amen. This revelation, see, he takes the people from revelation. Amen. Because it reveals the glory of the sanctified church going home to God. How many's going home? We're going home. We're not being left in this world. Amen. He didn't just bring us this far to leave us, but we're looking at the unseen. I'm going home. I've got a home beyond the beyond the river. I've I've I've got an eternal kingdom. I'm going to Can you say amen? It re also reveals the doom of the false prophet. And all them that lie and do everything is going to be cast into the lake of fire. No wonder Satan keeps them away from it. No wonder he doesn't want you to get a revelation. Doesn't want me to get a revelation. There's one thing to say when you're on the mountaintop. Oh, God is good. I'm saved. I'm going to heaven. But it's down in the valleys when when you don't feel God, when you don't see God, then and and and your flesh is telling you, "Amen. Uh uh there ain't no way you're going to make it, you know, and and your flesh is acting like it's a heathen. and you just don't feel amen uh uh altogether, you know, there or right or whatever. Beck, that's when that revelation strikes your heart and you still look at the unseen instead of what you see, instead of what you feel, instead of what your senses say. Amen. You're looking at the unseen and declaring, "But I am a Christian. I will make it. I am prevailing. I am forgiven. I am a son and daughter of God. Amen. Well, but what about you feel it? Amen. It doesn't matter what I feel. I'm looking at something that is unseen and it's been opened up to me by revelation. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. He wants to get you away from revelation. Get the people away from revelation. Get them to where they're just looking at the natural things, looking at their abilities, looking at their talents, looking at the personality, looking at everything in the natural. He'll get you looking at your faults and your failures. Get you looking at your weakness. Get you looking to the church or some preacher. Get you looking at something else outside of God's word. Amen. But here's the key. Deity is not in heaven. It's in you. Can you say amen? Now, when you go and look in that mirror and you're looking at your flesh and you're seeing the decay and you're looking at that old man, Amen. But the revelation calls you to look beyond the natural and see something that's eternal inside. Deity is in this old body. Deity is in me. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. That's right. See, so we're looking at what cannot be seen with the natural senses. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's why the this word of God is so important for us to read. And not just to read, but God just to open it up to us. See, now brother Bram says, notice what he says. If we'll just live close to him, that's it. He'll provide something else for us. See, there's an insight that we can see what the ordinary person never sees. When we're born again, we see him. Amen. I see him in the message. Amen. People say, "Well, we got to get the people to Christ before we get them to the message." I see Christ is the message. Amen. I'm seeing what the the world cannot see with their natural senses. I'm looking at the unseen. Can you say amen? But not only do I see Christ in in the message, I'm seeing the message is in me. Christ in me, the hope of glory. Amen. Now notice, so if we live close to him, now that's what we want to do. We want to live close to him. Amen. God help us. He'll provide something else for us. There's an insight that we can see what the ordinary person never sees. When we're born again, we see him. You know him. You have seen him. He will abide with you forever. Another place he says, "Now, when you receive the inspiration that Jesus Christ died for your sickness, it's that very hour that your healing has come. Hallelujah. See, so you're looking at the unseen by inspiration, not by feeling. You don't have to feel good. You don't You don't have to have the symptoms to tell you that you're well. You could have every symptom that tells you you're going to die. The doctor can say you're going to die. You feel like you're going to die. Your body's telling you you ain't going to live any longer. Amen. But when you receive the inspiration that Christ died for your sickness, that very hour, your healing has come. That's right. When you receive from heaven that Christ died for your sins and you have accepted it, you don't need any prayer for you, then you've already accepted it. It's settled. Why? You're looking at the unseen. Praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Oh yeah. Christ died. Now Christ died to make the unseen a reality. Do you believe that? Amen. He died to make the unseen a reality. You don't have to be in heaven to believe in heaven. I believe in heaven before I get there. You don't have to receive a body change to believe in a body change. I believe the body change is coming. It's a reality. The unseen has become a reality to me. Praise God. It's It's more real than you sitting right here. It's more real than this pulpit. Amen. The unseen is more real than what I'm feeling right now. The unseen is more real. Amen. Than what I'm I'm I'm seeing. What this old body is telling me. Amen. You understand what I'm saying? The unseen is greater than your sins. The unseen is greater than your failures. Praise the Lord. That's right. Yes, sir. See, so you've already accepted it. Now he says, "Now we can preach the word, explain the word, but you have to receive the word." So here the mighty angel has come down with an open book. The seventh angel has revealed the the mysteries of the book. Can you say amen? But now we have to accept it. True. Yes, sir. We have to accept the uh accept the receive the word. Oh, hallelujah. That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive it, the revelation, something slips out of the unseen world yonder comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul that says, "I see it." That's what has to happen is when now now the prophet preached and uh what is it the uh the the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. He priested and there's somebody that's going to receive it. Somebody that receives that word and something wrong comes rolling from the unseen down in a mystical channel down into that soul that says I see it. I see it. How many sees it? I see it. Don't have to wonder about it no more. I see it. I don't have to guess that. I don't have to say, "Well, I sure wished I could get there. I sure hope I'm there." No, I see myself. That's right. Amen. He said, "Your eyes brighten, your lips that hung down, straighten up, and smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something's going to happen." Yeah. He said, "You don't need to be in a prayer line." Then you've already got it. You got it then. Can you say amen? So now, as we look and and not to keep you much longer, but in our opening scripture, Paul tells us that there are things that can be seen and there are things that cannot be seen. Some the things that are seen, he says, are temporal and the things that are unseen are eternal. Ain't that right? The things that are temporal, well, it it it that that means they they have only a set time. They have a limited time. They're here today, gone tomorrow. They have no lasting value. Ain't that right? But yet the things that cannot be seen are eternal, which means they will never leave. They will never be taken away. The Bible says, "Forever, oh Lord, thy word is settled in the heavens." Then that must be that that's what cannot be seen. That's the eternal things. Everything else that can be seen with this natural senses, natural eye, and all of these things are just temporal. Money, it's temporal. Politics is temporal. Are you with me now? Amen. Your your your your sickness is temporal. Oh yes, sir. I've said it before. Say it again. There's things about you, Amen, that are temporal. Amen. There's things about you that are just temporal. They're not meant to last. They're not meant to remain. If it was meant to remain, then God would have never provided an atonement to take away your sins. If if God meant for you to remain a sinner, then he would have never done nothing to change you. But if he changed you, if he filled you with the Holy Ghost, it's because there's something that is eternal and and and being a sinner is not eternal. Right? Are you with me now? Amen. Yes, sir. If his blood ever got got you, if he's ever loosed you. Now, that's what the blood is. It's not just washing you as just erasing your sins, you know, a little black spot, but he's loosed you. You're loosed from them sins. Can you say amen? See, so then the believers only look at the things that cannot be seen. Right? We confess, put our confession in those that things that cannot be seen. They're eternal. All of us have an outward man and an inward man. You know, the the prophet talked about it. The outward man is our physical body. It's the thing that backslides. It's it's the it's the thing that always has its ups and downs. Hello. Now, we have to fight that old flesh. We have to deal with it every day. Amen. It's a thorn. That old sticky nature always remains with us. It's what it it it you know, sometimes it feels good, other times it don't. Most of the time it don't. Sometimes it feel like praising God, but most of the time it doesn't. True. For one reason, every reason or another, it just doesn't feel like going to church. That's why most people don't go to church these days. Amen. It's that old flesh. Brother Bram even talked about it. The old flesh. He said, "I didn't want to come to church tonight." And one one one service that he was talking about, he said, "I didn't I didn't want to come to church. My old flesh was telling me, you're too tired. You're not feeling good. You're this." He said, "Right now," he said, "I'm I'm standing here, you know, gripping the pulpit and and my toes squeezed in my shoes." He said, "I I'm feeling I'm feeling horrible." But but he said, "My flesh just didn't want to." I said, "But old flesh, we we going to go to church." We're just going to go church. Can you say amen? See, old flesh, it just want it just it's just carnal. Ain't that right? That old flesh, that outward man, it's affected by everything that's out here. True. Because it's operated by the five kernel senses. Taste, feel, hear, smell, sight. Sometimes your five senses agree with the word, but most often it doesn't. But the prophet said when they disagree with the word, you have to ignore it. So you have to ignore what this old flesh is telling you. Amen. Sometimes it'll it'll lead you to feel like you're saved. Other times it'll lead you to feel like you're not. Yeah. Right. That old outward man, see that old outward man, it always reasons with the word of God. The prophet said it's the inward man is what counts. See, the outward man is carnal. It's looking with its eyes, the natural eyes, hearing with what the natural says. You know, someone talks about Yeah. You know, oh y'all flesh wants to rise up and but see the inward man is spiritual and it looks through the eyes of faith. That's the super sense. The eye of faith. Through the eye of faith, we're looking at the unseen. Ain't that right now? We're going to be led by one of these two persons. Either by the outward man or the inward man. You're going to be led all your life. You're going to be led. You'll either be led by your flesh, that outward man that that that reasons the word of God that explains to why you don't need to come to church and why you don't need to pray and why you're a failure. And it explains away the promises of God to to to where you know you you you might as well not even expect anything from God because look at you. Can you say amen? If we listen to that outward man, it will talk us out of a rapture. It'll explain why we can't make it in a rapture and why heaven isn't for us and and why we're just we might as well just go out and be like everybody else. But that inward man says, "No, no, no, no. We we we're not like that. We it." That inward man is what is born of God. Can you say amen? Now, Brother Brandham says, "The outward man is self." Oh, self. Man, it's so easy to pet self, right? Amen. So, not only is there five senses, you know, of the body, then there's five senses of of the inward spirit, imagination, conscience, memory, affection, reasoning. Ain't that right? We all know these things, but get down to our hearts. And these five senses are are affected by the five senses of the flesh. You know, what you hear, it may trigger your memory of something that you've heard before. Right? It may trigger your imagination just by hearing something. Maybe you hear hear what someone said and and you thought you was over it and you thought maybe you know you you overcome you testified. I've overcome that bitterness. I've overcome and all of a sudden what you hear maybe from that person or so and so says and and all that all of a sudden it tries to that memory starts working and that bitterness tries to swell up again in your heart. Yeah, it may trigger reasoning. Well, you know that guy, you know, it may trigger whatever the things you look at. Sure. It it it'll trigger your affections. Some half-negged woman walk by by and you look at that, all of a sudden it'll start triggering affections. People think they're in love with half these women. They ain't in love. Amen. It's their affections. Come on now. So the things you look at, it may trigger reasoning or memory. The you know what you feel. It may trigger your affections and your your your imagination or your conscience or whatever. See, but that's the senses of this outward man. But the inward man is the soul of man. And the prophet said in there is either faith or doubt. That's right. And you will be controlled by either faith or doubt. Amen. The prophet said the soul is where the control tower is. Ain't that right? So then if faith is there, then what does it do? It controls your entire being. Amen. It it it'll be the one that controls it. If doubt is in there, it'll be the one to control your whole being. But notice 2 Corinthians 5:7, we walk by faith. Everybody say, "We walk by faith." We walk by faith and not by sight. We don't walk by memory. We don't walk by feeling. We don't walk by affection. We only walk by faith. Amen. Hebrews 10:38. Now the just shall live by faith. Everybody say it with me. The just shall live by faith. The just shall live by faith. But if any man draw back, my soul shall not have any pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw back unto predition, but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. Now, as I get ready to close, we know that faith doesn't just happen to exist inside of you. And and I'm talking about the type of faith I'm talking about is a different faith than just believing in going to the store and getting an ice cream cone or you know it it's a faith but it's a different faith. It's a divine faith. Now now notice brother Brown said you got to get the man right in his heart first before he can believe cuz he ain't got nothing to believe on. He ain't got nothing to believe with. Another place a person has to be ordained of God to believe or they'll never believe anyhow. Amen. No matter what the word says, no matter how much preaching goes forth, it will never affect that person if there's nothing in there to believe. True, brother. Can you say amen? See, we preach the promises of God not not to get you excited. That's good. But it's not there. It's for you to look at the unseen. The promises are the eternal things. It it it has more dominance. It's greater than your feelings and your your sensation. It it's just it's greater than everything about you. Amen. The promises of God. Ain't that right? Amen. So he says, see, a person has to be ordained of God to believe or they'll never believe. They have nothing to believe with. They just don't know the depths of their soul. They don't have no depths of their soul. Acts 13:48 says, "As many as were ordained believed or uh ordained to eternal life believed." Brother Brandham said, "I'm not one of these persons to persuade. If the word can't move it, see if the word can't do it, there's no point in persuading, trying to persuade. You can only do it as you're pred predestinated to believe it." And you remember, although Jesus done so many miracles, the Pharisees couldn't believe it. They couldn't get it in their head because that they wasn't to be that way. Ain't that right? Again, another place. Your physical contacts the physical. Your spiritual contacts the spiritual. But inside of that, you got a soul. And that soul is that gene that come from God. So, can I say it here? You are what you are. Not by your flesh, but by what's in your soul. Amen. You are what you are by what's in your soul. Can you say amen? So the Bible says as a man thinkketh in his heart so is he. Ain't that right, brother Brown? You know, talking about that scripture, he says, you know, the critics used to say that man doesn't have any mental faculty in his heart and they said the scripture was wrong. Amen. you know, and and all that. But then they found out that man does have a little compartment in his heart that's empty. Doesn't have a blood cell in it. See, it doesn't have a cell in it. Brother Brandham said that is the soul. It's of man. It's it's not found in animal life. It's it's only found in the human body. And the prophet said God made this compartment in the heart of man so that he could lead man. Can you say amen? Amen. You you're going to have your five senses that's going to try to lead you. You're and and you're going to have your flesh that's going to try to lead you. That God rich in mercy created something down in your soul that he could come in and direct you by his word. Can you say amen? By his word. That's good. Amen. Now notice if God is in the soul then as we know God believes his own word right he never doubts his own word. He believed in it. He believed it in the beginning. He believed that when he said let there be light there would be light. He believed in it. He's always believed his word. Amen. Well, same is it if God comes in you, then he takes that word and he believes in it. So therefore, the just shall live by faith. The faith that we live by is God's own faith. God in you believing his own word. Christ revealed the faith of God living in that soul. He's having preeminence over our body. He's having the preeminence over our mind. He's having preeminence over our home. He's having preeminence over everything. Amen. Therefore, Satan cannot talk us out of the promise of God. We believe in the promise. No matter how hard, how difficult, how impossible, God says it. I believe it. That settles it. Can you say amen? We're looking at the unseen. God doesn't just anoint you with his Holy Spirit. Amen. But he comes and lives in that compartment. Can you say amen? Now notice he says when your faith comes from out of the intellectual realm and the Holy Spirit puts in the soul and the heart, you won't even think about these things. You won't even think about the world. You won't even think about impossibilities. You just won't think about it, church. And that's where God's trying to get us to. Are you with me? That's where God's trying to get us to. Quit looking at the negative. Don't worry about the things you can't change. Look at the word, the promise, the unseen things. He said, see, you won't even think about these things. In other words, in other words, you ain't going to reason these things out. Well, now let's see. You know, it said the doctor said this, mother said this, and dad said this, the pastor said this. See, you you you ain't reasoning about all that. You don't care about all that. You're looking at what God said because God now has the preeminence and he's revealing to you what is unseen. Divine healing is a revelation. The rapture is a revelation to the bride. Everything is a revelation. your own victory in your life is a revelation. If you could get a revelation, that victory is yours. Then you won't worry about your failures. You'll look at the unseen and say, "But I am victorious." God's word says so. And God in you believes his own word. That's good. So he says, "You won't try to see nothing. Only thing you know that it's going to happen regardless of who says it's not." That's it. See, it's in the heart. God puts it in there. There it is. When God puts it in there, all the devils out of torment will never move it. If you were laying, dying, grasping, or gasping your breath, the death rattles in your throat, 50 doctors standing around saying, "He's going out to God in the next 5 minutes. He's leaving now." And down in your heart, you believe Jesus Christ has healed you. that wouldn't bother you a bit. Just as sure as there's a God in heaven, you would come out of it. Hallelujah. Why? You're looking at something that's unseen. The doctors can't see it. The doctor's looking at the machines. They're looking at what they know, but you're looking at the unseen. God said so. Bless the Lord. Praise the Lord. You love him. Amen. He said, see, he says now, he said, 'You had come out of it. Yes, sir. Cuz God's duty bound. God's got to keep his word. And you'll never know what is Christ or what is the word until first the Holy Spirit has personally revealed it to you in your heart. Then you know that Jesus is Lord when your heart says so. Not when your knowledge says so, but when your heart says so. That's when you know it. Can you say amen? You love him. I love him. You know, I think of my my dad and he's fought this Parkinson's and got to the point where he couldn't walk just, you know, it was well, he was in his chair having happened to have his chair around. He's fallen so many times and uh you know now he's been on oxygen uh his oxygen being in the 70s I think or 60s and supposed to be 95 or 97 and up and so you know but dad's always been this man of faith and he was you know uh telling today you know that Wendle had called him And he well first of all he said the Lord's just been dealing with him that he needs to just stretch his faith out more. And and Wendell called him up and said, "Dad, I'm believing for your healing." He said, "Uh, I want you to sing tonight in service." Now, Dad says, "I didn't feel like singing. Didn't want to sing. I was too weak to sing." They said, 'I knew the Lord had been dealing with me to stretch your faith out. And so he says, I I I told him I'll do it. I didn't didn't even know how he was going to do it. I mean, he's got he's on oxygen and he's, you know, and but he done it. He he he gave it his all. Gave it his best singing. And we saw him down there and uh we stayed at an Airbnb with him and mom and walking without a cane, talking clearly. Energy like he hadn't had in years. Praise the Lord. No oxygen. Praise the Lord. He said, "My heart or my oxygen is 97." It's it's staying at 97. He said he just went from Oklahoma to Ohio. He's in Ohio right now and uh said, "I'm feeling great." He says, "I'm believing God's going to just take me all the way." You know, but what we see is miracles. What we're seeing is progress. What we're seeing is faith. He's looking at the unseen. The doctors have told him, "You've got the worst case of Parkinson's. The first thing that's going to go is your humor." He ain't lost his humor. And everything that they tell him that he's going to lose, he still has. But that's see that that it has nothing to do with feelings. It has nothing to do with, you know, where we're at. He's not looking at the condition, not looking at the impossibility, not looking at the fact that other people have died and and the doctors are probably 100 or 99% right and never been wrong. But but see, God can make them wrong. By that one case, by his own faith. Amen. Can you say amen? 50 musicians will come. I think it's of that story of that uh sister that uh I can't remember it Beth something but she had uh bone cancer and she gives her testimony at brother Biscos and all the suffering and all the pain all the things that she had to go through and it it was horrible and there she is so weak and so but she just kept confessing God's my healer God's my healer Yes. And when it come all down to it, her final test, the doctor told her, "You're you're you're you're cancer-free." And they told her, "There is only a 0.0000 whatever 1% chance." Says, "Every person that has had your disease have died." He said, "But now we have to make an exception for you." Hallelujah to God. And I thought, "That's right." When you're looking at the unseen, You're not looking at what you're feeling. You're not looking at the circumstance. You're not looking at the symptoms. We are looking at the unseen. Oh God, reveal it to us tonight. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Can you lift your hands unto the Lord and just worship him? Thank you, Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, if you young people could see the unseen, could see what you are in God, could see that, oh, heaven is for you, the rapture is for you. I know Satan makes us all feel like we're failures. And Satan makes us feel like we're all just doing this in vain. And if he could talk us out of it, we wouldn't believe in a God. We wouldn't believe in nothing. But we've already got a glimpse of the unseen. We're looking at the unseen. And we see that God is alive. We see that God is real. We see that God is moving. We see that God is powerful. That he reigns on high. We see ourselves in him. Hallelujah. We're as that boy looking in the mirror. Mama, that's me. We're looking at something that cannot be seen with the natural eye, but we know. We know we're part of it. We're in the promise. We're in the book. We're our name is written in the book. We're not guessing. We're not probing at it anymore. It's something that belongs to us. Every promise is in him is yay and amen. It belongs to us. Hallelujah. What song? the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift up holy hands in reverence to your name. You are great. Your miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor, Lord. We lift up. How can we lift up holy hands? He's made us worthy. He deserves the glory and the honor. Lord, we bow our hearts before you and magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Do you believe it? There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Of course, oh you are great manifested in this age. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you're the lamb that was slain before the world. Worthy to redeem. Oh, you're worthy to redeem. Oh, you are the word revealed in this age. Oh, you're changing us into oh the image of your son. You are the light that has opened up our eyes. Now we see ourselves in you. Do you see yourself? Don't look at your failure. Don't look at your mistake. Don't look at what you feel. Look at what you are in him. Hallelujah. Look at the unseen tonight. Oh my. Yes, you may be in a situation of impossibilities. The family may be falling apart. Everything might be going wrong. But if you just look to him, there's promises. Hallelujah. Elves in you. Oh, we see ourselves in you. Oh, isn't he wonderful? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. There's that little song. Uh, and we all bow down. I don't know whatever key we see and we all bow down. [Music] their crowns and worship Jesus. For he is the love, the unfailing love. He is the love of God. All now princes and poppers, sons and daughters, kneel at the throne of grace. Oh winners and losers, the saints and sinners. Oh, one day we'll see his face. And we all bow [Music] down. Yes, kings will surrender their [Applause] crown and [Music] worship. Jesus said it again. will worship Jesus for he is the love unfailing love. He is the love. Second verse. Oh yes. Summer and winter. The mountains and rivers whisper our Savior's name. Oh, he's awesome and holy, a friend to the lowly. Forever his love will rain and we all bow. Yes, we do. Hold their crown and worship Jesus. Sing that again. Oh, we worship Jes. Sing it one more time. We worship Jesus for he is the love unfailing love. He is the love of God. God bless you saints is our prayer. Remember to look to the unseen. No matter what the day holds, no matter what you go through, God's word is right. God's word is true. And may God just keep revealing it to us more and more to where the unseen becomes more real to us than what is seen. For that's the only thing that is eternal. Amen. and may God be with you. We want to remember um of course service Sunday at 11:00, but uh also we're going to be setting up the tent. Um as we have announced it, it uh they're going to let us set it up on Sunday. I think it's April [Music] 13th, if I got that right. Is it April 13th? um Sunday after church. So, it'll be a week from this coming Sunday and um so any of you brothers that would love to help and uh we we would sure appreciate the help and um I know the first time we set that thing up, it was it was uh it it was a chore, but last year, our second time setting it up, man, it just went really well. and uh brother Tim uh he just he got us all lined up and I mean it was just really wonderful. So I know he's been studying it and um so he will he'll be ready to get put us to work and and and so I think I believe it'll go a lot easier than than the first time or the last time. So but looking forward to it. got a lot of uh folks that are planning to come and uh just really looking for a move of God and you know as well as I know it's nothing that we've had to do. It's it's not our it's nothing that we could have made it successful. It's God that has done the work and and I really thank the Lord for it and he has just moved in every year uh filling with the Holy Ghost bringing deliverances setting the people free and captive free. And we've gotten so many testimonies supernatural from our meetings. And of course this year for some reason, Satan has just been fighting on every hand. Uh places that we've things that we've used depended upon in certain areas. They're cutting us off. And so we've been having to scrge, you know, uh, however that word is, rush around and trying to find places and, uh, where we usually put, you know, take ministers to eat or, uh, just just so different things. For some reason, this year, uh, it's been a challenge, but God's working it out. Now we got Sister Kim, you know, she's u been in charge of the cooking and all and uh I got to talk to her if she's even going to be able to to be able to do it with her knees the way they are. We want to really keep her in our prayer. She's, you know, it's bone on bone and um they won't give her another shot. Um, so she she has to wait till after April to have surgery and uh so you know she's got a lot of challenges in her life and I know her heart's there and you know uh but I sure don't want to put her in in more pain than where she's at. So y'all just pray with us. We just need a lot of prayer. Uh, I believe the meeting is going to be great and um that's just why Satan is fighting. And you never know, this might be our last meeting that we have before the rapture. If so, that's great. I'm ready. I'm wanting to go and uh leave this whole world behind. Amen. So, God bless you. May you have a safe trip back home and keep those that are sick in prayer that the Lord will help. Amen. Brother Bill, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? [Music]
