################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - Pastor Shawn Martin Laboring For the Kingdom of God - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "Laboring For the Kingdom of God"
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it2faywEp7g
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] How heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] These dark days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of Ezekiel and Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trials of famine in darkness and sword, you are the voice in the desert, crying, prepare ye the way of Lord. Stand before he comes, rising to the clouds, shining like the sun and the trumpet call. So lift your words is the year of jubilee and out of Zion's fill [Music] salvation. And these are the days of Ezekiel. The dry bones become as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of grave. Oh, and these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as wide in the world. And we are your labors in your vineyard declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun. At the trumpet calls, lift your voice. Is the year of Jubilee and out of Zion's salvation comes. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, so there's your voice. It's the year of jubilee. And out of Zion's his salvation comes. Behold, he comes. Riding on the clouds. He's shining like the sun at the trumpet call. So lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee. And out of Zion still [Music] sales. Amen. Every praise praise you Lord Jesus every praise to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise every praise is to our God. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship and one word of course, every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. God my [Music] savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship one of four. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. He's God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He's God. God my savior. God my healer. God my [Music] deliverer. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] Brother Bill, would you dedicate this house? Our God is greater water. You turned into wine. You opened the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine and out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Our God. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, our God, you water you turn into wine. You've opened the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like [Music] you. Into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. None like [Music] you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power our God. Our God. And if our God and if our God is for us, then who can ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? What could stand against? Oh yes, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome and power. Our God. Our God and our God. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. [Music] Purchase. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? What could stand against? Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome and power. Our God. Our [Music] God. Jesus. Praise you, Lord Jesus. Thank you. [Music] Moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are You are here. You're moving in this place. I worship I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. For you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every [Music] heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You're touching every line. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you for you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even if Yes. Even if I don't see you, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Don't pray for us. We want to remember brother Lloyd Shepherd. He is having a lot of back pain and is having uh surgery early June. And we want to remember those who are sick and not able to make it. And also we want to remember our pastor as he brings forth the word and ask brother Amos if he wants to come lead us in prayer and uh pray for the request he had laid here. [Music] Yes. Uh, want to remember, continue to remember the brothers. Brother Brandon Green. Most of you, some of you have met him. West Virginia is going through uh, cancer treatments. And brother Steve Newsome. I understand he's not in the best of a way. He has his good days and bad days. We know him. My wife and I down in Johnson City, Tennessee. A lot of people are sick. God is still the healer. Amen. Brother Bob and home feeling well. He's got much to praise the Lord about. I I just want to give a a praise to God. You know, we were praying for brother uh uh brother brother and sister Farmer's son-in-law, Charles Bradley. Brother Charles Bradley. The other night I gave a testimony. I was asked to give a testimony. My testimony I included this in the testimony. If brother Charles Bradley knowing the tough time that he had while he was here, there was many a prayer went up for him on his behalf. But if he could come back and tell us right now, he would say this, "My God has been good to me." Bottom line in the story, I don't care sometime we've got to suffer. You imagine a man there, he can't hardly get oxygen in his blood. He's got a tank and he's breathing through oxygen. He's got so much to thank God for. There was a time in his life where he walked away from God. He walked away and he come back as a backslider. Recommitted his life to Jesus Christ. He got sick and his lungs filled with cancer. One thing about it, no matter how sick we may get, we got so much to thank him for. Why don't we just give God praise for that? Lord, tonight as we approach your throne of grace and mercy, most of all, we would say even when we don't feel good, we got a whole lot to thank you for, God, to know that we're at peace with you, God. There is no more no more wedge between you and I, dear God. Lord, the way is clear, Lord. Our bodies may be afflicted. We may be troubled in our spirit. But dear God, just to know that we're right with you and know that we're at peace with you. Father God, what more could we ask for to be at peace with you, dear God? So we thank you, God, tonight for each and every answered prayer. Lord, we we think of these requests that's laying before us, Brother Bob. Lord, he's had many of these days come and go. We don't know what lays down the road in front of us, oh God. But we're trusting by your grace. We pray you'd give him a special grace in his body. Seen him the other day, Father God. He looked well, dear God. Lord, the enemy would just come back in. But Lord, again, we raise his spirit. The sta spirit raises a standard. We ask it almighty God, you be with these two brothers. And then there's more just beside that. I think it was also mentioned another prayer request here just escapes my mind a brother shepherd dear God Lord down in his back dear God know what it's all about dear God been there many times but I thank you God tonight I can stand in front of these people and be painfree thank you God for many times that you heal my body many times Lord the same thing dear God oh God Lord we just thank you for your grace and mercy may you bless the remainder of the service. Each and everyone has a special need tonight. May it be met. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You can be seated. Sister Lisa, do you have a song tonight? Worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the Lord. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. If I had Hope in this life only I would surely [Applause] be miserable indeed. But this cruel world that surrounds me isn't really my home. You see only temporarily I have the promise of his coming and that is something that keeps me longing for a glad reunion day a great catching away. Come home my bride, I'll hear him say. If I can just hold on, I know that by and by, in the twinkling of an eye, I'm going to spread my wings and fly. I'll gladly leave this world. And I'm sure that I won't take the time to say goodbye. I believe the time is now. I have the promise of his coming and that is something that keeps me longing. [Applause] for a glad reunion day. A great catching away. Come home my bride. I'll hear him say, "I'm longing for a glad reunion day. A great catching away. Come home my bride. I'll hear him [Music] [Applause] sing. It's good to have our visitor Sam with us tonight. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price no matter what others do. And I'll take the way with the Lord. eyes view. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. Come on, do you have a song? I'm going through. I'll pay the price no matter what others do. I'll take the way with the Lord despised few. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through [Music] I can do all [Music] things through Christ who gives me strength. But sometimes I wonder what he can do through [Music] me. No great success to show. No glory of my own. Yet in my weakness he is there to let me know. His strength is perfect. When our strength is gone, he'll carry us. When we can't carry on, raised in his power, the weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. And we can only know the power that he holds when we truly see how deep our weakness goes. His strength in us begins where ours comes to an end. He hears our humble cry and he proves again. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. He'll carry us when we can't carry on. raised in his power. The weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. And we can only know the power that he holds when we truly see how deep our weakness goes. His strength in us begins where ours comes to an end. He hears our humble cry and he proves again. His strength is perfect when our strength's all gone. He carries us when we can't carry on. Raised in his power, the weak become so strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. When our strength's all gone, he'll carry us when we can't can't carry on. Raised in his power. The weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength it's perfect. raised in his power. The weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is [Music] [Applause] perfect. You can stand as we invite our pastor to come. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. [Music] Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and wait. [Music] Oh, like [Music] it. Amen. Is that your desire or just to fill our cups overflowing? Amen. There's a song that's on my heart. Um, what will it be when we get old [Music] yonder grown on the glassy sea? He'll join our loved ones and crown Christ [Music] forever. All this is just what heaven means to me. Sing it again. What will it be when we get older? [Music] Yonder and join thrown around the glassy [Music] sea there with our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Well, are you looking forward to that time to be with him? Amen. It won't be too much longer, I don't believe. And uh it's good to uh just be here this evening. Amen. With each and everyone. And it's uh good to have I believe brother Sam here with us. God bless you. And uh uh also uh good to have dad and mom here uh with us and and uh Judah did a good job for his first time and 30 minute notice. So uh uh done a good job. So appreciate that. Amen. And um um if you have your Bibles, uh the musicians can be dismissed. But um we're going to um first of all, we're going to turn to the book of Mark, the 16th chapter. and um chapter 16 and um I'm very familiar with this scripture but uh Jesus talking not only to the disciples but to the church that he's promised to build and in the 15th U so Mark 16 and 15. And he said unto them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. But he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. Then if you'll turn with me to 1 Corinthians the 3r chapter, 1 Corinthians the 3r chapter and going to read the ninth verse. It says, "For we are laborers together with God." Can you say that with me? We are laborers together with God. You are God's husbandry. You are God's building. Amen. If we could just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we just thank you for the opportunity to gather together together here on a midweek, Father, just to worship you and to to receive of you, Father. And I pray that you have received of us, Lord, uh, and that our praise have been pleasing to you, Lord, Father. and um our lives been pleasing to you. And Father, we're just asking that you would just come and speak to us, Lord, the words of eternal life. And may they be received within us. Help us to receive them by believing. And Lord, may it have an eternal effect upon us. Lord, I pray, Father, that you would just be glorified this evening and may your presence just uh be felt among us now. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. You can have your seats this evening. um been fighting something for a little bit, but um we're overcomers. And so I think I think everyone's fighting something these days, huh? And so uh but uh the title that I would have is uh uh laboring for the kingdom. Laboring for the kingdom of God. And uh you know there's um and I'm just going to maybe just share from my heart for a few minutes, but um there are sure a lot of things that are going on in the world today. And um as as I guess most of you have heard the the the pope has uh passed away. And um I think that is significance that that it wasn't an accident as far as in God's mind. I I think there was a purpose. But you know I'd read where they're you know um talking it was in the New York Post I believe where they're talking of um an American president or a pope American pope. Um um they've got a Catholic cardinal that's um um up up on the the list in the running to be the next pope. And u I I'd looked it up. I I thought brother Bram said something about an American pope, but he says, "I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought up brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast." Yeah. And u and and I don't know what the future is. So I don't I can't say that's going to happen at this time, but we know it will happen. And and but it does it does get you to thinking just how close we are. We have of course we have received our last sign and that was the Messiah sign. But at the same time, as we're seeing things unfold in the world and and all it's doing is bringing us closer and closer and closer to the rapture and the world closer to tribulation and um so with that in mind, you know, uh just been thinking about these things and uh we we've got our meeting coming up and I I truly believe that this could be the last meeting ever that we will hold um uh or host. And in one sense, I hope so. I I hope that's because I'm ready. I I'd like to get out of here and uh to see our Lord and to to you know, I I just I'm ready for that time. And um but you know I'm I'm under expectation as well to see what God is going to do in our meetings uh coming up and you know uh we need God to move don't we? I think that is the desire of every believer is to see God come in a special way and u and and we know that it's uh it's pressing. I think it should be pressing on our hearts um because uh we we've got maybe loved ones that need to be saved. We see the people that are out on the streets and um uh that need God and and I don't think that a person can look out out in the world and not have a feeling uh for lost souls. And uh you know we yes it's troubling the way people are acting and and these things and I I don't know if the last soul is in I don't know but all I know is is brother Brandham said we'd be like that Abraham like Abraham going to the end of the road for the lost and and so I I don't think u I I think that we we should have that desire to see God do something and see souls saved. Do you believe that? And so, um, you know, I believe that, uh, I'm under great expectation for God to do things. I I know we have faced challenges, um, in one way or another. This seems like this year has been a real challenge uh, in in one thing after another, not working right, falling apart, sickness, and and uh, uh, just just whatever. But it does let me know that God's going to do something special. And um because Satan always he he works ahead of time when when he knows that God's getting ready to do something. And I think it was brother Brandham that said when he before he'd get to a meeting, you know, two or 3 weeks earlier, the the hospitals would fill up, the insane asylums would fill up, you know, because Satan was trying his best to stop uh what God uh was getting ready to do. You understand? Uh each year God has has blessed our meeting and has and has shown that he is behind it. Yeah. Uh uh we have witnessed supernatural miracles uh that God has done for people. And um you know every since I I came here 13 years ago um you know uh it was my desire to have a meeting to where people could come and fellowship and uh be blessed and uh to where that the the message would be able to have a preeminence uh and and u uh where the the ministers could just preach the message without worrying about what kind of a quote or what kind of this and just preach the message and that the the message would be exalted before the people and when the people would leave that that their hearts would be solidified more and more to the message and that they would be able to see what God is doing within the message and and these things. And so I I wanted to bring in ministers that would do just that. And I believe by God's grace, we've had wonderful ministry uh in our meetings uh that that promote uh the message. And I knew that that if if this would happen, if if the ministers would just preach the message and and these things, then God would come behind it and work supernaturally. Uh, you know, brother Brandham said that the angel of the Lord accompanies the message always. And I truly believe that. I think any man, any minister ought to give their life to this message. And not hold back anything, but say what Brother Brandham said and watch the angel of the Lord back it up. And and in order for that to happen, the the the the minister must believe in the message for himself. uh without question. And so I I appreciate the men of God who have come and ministered in these meetings. They've uh put their heart into each service. Each one of them, I mean, they have come with the burden uh for the people. They have they have known our vision. They've known uh what we've desired. and they have put their shoulder with us to do their part uh to see that God would be pleased with the meeting and um you know when they come they've never come to exalt themselves uh uh to lift their own name or whatever but they they've come to see the people blessed and delivered and healed. um they they love the message and it shows through their preaching. It it uh because it's their life and they are they are dedicated to it. I I holy believe that the bride of Christ is the cream of the crop. I uh I just believe that I don't think you'll find any better well I know you won't find any better young people than that that is in the message of the hour. I don't believe that you'll find any better parent, any better preacher, any better uh officer in the church or or helper in the within the work of the Lord. You're not going to find any more finer people than in the message of the hour. It's because the message has produced this. It's a it's a pure word. It's it's God taking that word and doing a creative work within the the believer. Amen. And so, uh, I I feel honored, uh, to serve the bride of Jesus Christ. I, that's been my desire, uh, ever since just a boy is just I I wanted to help, uh, the people of God in some way somehow. And, um, I I do want to say that I I appreciate the work uh that you have, uh, put into these meetings. um uh and the work that is being put into it now for this meeting. And you know, I just felt in my heart to try to encourage uh maybe bring share a word or two of encouragement uh to you because I know what you are doing isn't easy. Anytime you do something for the Lord, it's not easy because you're part of you're part of the thing that's tearing Satan's kingdom down. And so, no matter how little it is, uh it may seem insignificant to you, but it's important because um uh you well, you have a we all have a a work to do. And so most of you who are helping with the preparations, you know, I I I see you have to get up, you go to work every morning, you work all day, then you come and you work. Uh these boys been working at the tent until 11 midnight and then tired going to bed and getting back up doing it all over again. And and then others, you know, uh dealing with health health issues. uh, Sister Kim and Sister Martha and and then I hope y'all don't mind me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me mentioning your name but different others and uh but but but when I see these things I see you pressing through that and uh you know you got mothers who have small children to take care of and and uh yet they come asking if there's anything that they can do and wanting just just wanting to be a part of of what they believe that God is doing and what they're looking forward to what God is going to do and to be part of it. And many of you have shown the desire to want to help and want to be part and and and are doing so. And so I think it makes a difference. Um it makes a difference when people are are willing to do something for the Lord and uh you know uh I hope it's all right but Sister Martha talking to me I think yesterday or so but you know she said don't worry about us uh we we do we're doing what we want to do and uh you know and and Sister Hope uh said to me the other day she said we want to work and she said, "We're happy to do it." And uh her and you know uh Sister Becky have for the past 2 or 3 years uh they've they volunteered to to make 600 to 800 biscuits and in a single day for the meeting and and they volunteered it even to do it again this year if need be. And uh because the heart is is there and of course you know I uh uh uh you you see different ones uh getting together. I and I I'll be honest I couldn't do it with without a a a group of people. Uh you know we got brother Kevin in charge of the music and he's he's he's getting everything organized. Brother TM getting everything organized and uh you brothers are showing uh other brothers are showing the desire to to eagerness to do something for God and and these things and even up to Sister Jane 86 years old, right? You're 86. Nope. 87. Yep. And see my memory is failing me. Sister Jane. Amen. but uh uh 87 years old and and asking to help wanting to do something and uh where she is needed and and I know there some of you elders aren't able to do just to do a whole lot due to uh circumstances and but even then you've shown that you want to do something baking dessert cookies whatever whatever is asked uh because it's just something that it's a willingness uh to to to want to uh uh help. And you know uh to me it's it's it's the thing that brother Brandham prayed for uh when he he said, "God, make ministers out of these people here. Make workers and helpers in every church. Put their souls of fire, knowing that they can't stay much longer. The hour is drawing nigh when the son of god shall come. Ain't that right? And so uh uh if needing workers, needing ministers, needing people to work for the kingdom, to labor for the kingdom is is such a time it's needed because the hour is is drawing late. And I know there's people that draw that opinion. Well, we're just preaching to the lost or or this this. Well, maybe we are, but that's not for me to decide. But I I do know that if if we have God, there's a love of God within us. And I do know that God is long-suffering. God is forbearing. And God is patient. And and he's, you know, and and we say he's the Bible says he's not willing that any man should perish. And so, um, I I I think it behooves us to do everything that we know to do until the Lord comes. Amen. I would rather wear out than rust out. I I would rather, you know, I think uh uh Sister Martha again if paraphrase, but she said, "I'd rather be exhausted and just where I can't do hardly anything because I'd done something for God than just uh sit around and not do anything." And and I I I feel the same way and I'm sure you do, too. Um but but I feel you're like the house of Stephanus. I believe is is the how you would pronounce that that Paul made mention of in his letter uh to the Corinthians uh there in 1 Corinthians 16:15. But he said this, they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints. They've addicted themselves. Now, we all know what addicted is. It's it's a habit. It's something you just can't stop. You can't quit. It's something part of you. It drives you. It just no matter if you say just I'm going to quit. I'm going to quit drinking. I'm going to quit smoking. But you're if you're addicted to it, you're going to pick it right back up again. Well, these these were addicted to the ministry of the saints. Amen. And and then in the 16th verse, he said to the brethren, submit yourselves unto such. See, and to everyone that helpeth with us and labor. He says, "I am I am glad of the coming of Stephanus and the other two men that I can't pronounce. For that which was lacking on your part, they have supplied." Amen. And so they show that they were working with Paul. They were something that maybe Paul Paul couldn't just do everything. And and so he he was relying upon these men. And he says, "For they have refreshed my spirit and yours. Therefore, acknowledge ye them that are such." Amen. So, so one writer would say, uh, speaking of this, they have committed themselves, uh, to serve the saints. They they they they maybe not were preachers, maybe they weren't musicians, maybe they whatever, but they've committed themselves to to to serve. Amen. in in whatever capacity. See, and supplying their wants, helping and assisting them upon all occasions, both in their temporal and spiritual concerns. Amen. Amen. See, so they were helpers in the kingdom of God, laborers. Ain't that right? And so we know we know that there will be people who will receive eternal life just by simply being good to the bride of Christ. And and they will make it into heaven just just because of that. And I think well well what what did they do? Well, the Bible says they they clothed they clothed them. They provided clothes for them and and and when they were naked um they visited them in the prisons. They gave them drink of water or a drink when they were thirsty. They they fed them and and all of these things. And yet they didn't even know they did it. And this now this is not the bride. This is people that will make it into eternal life by being good to the bride. And they didn't even know they did it. They just had a heart to help. They just wanted to help. And and so brother Brandham said, "See, don't fail to get this church. Keep this in your heart forever. It was so unconsciously done. The people don't do it for a line of duty. See, a man that gives you something or other because he ought to do. See, a man that feeds you because he ought to do it, he's got a selfish idea. It should be your very life, your very action. Ain't that right? Well, then I got to thinking if if God's going to honor them for just being good to the bride, his people, what does he think about bride being good to bride? Yeah. Come on. And and bride serving other members of the bride and and especially when when we know uh the the power of this and the power of unity and and you understand. And so, Brother Brandham says, "Here's a lovely thing. As you serve one another, you're serving God. As you serve, not serving yourself, but you're serving God as you serve one another. And so, this is what I have found in you is a a willingness to serve. And I've been asked many times, and several of you, I'm sure, have been asked by different ones outside the churches, how do you do it? How how do you hold a meeting like that? how how you know we know you're a small church, but how do you do it? You know, and and I was telling one man, I I said, "Well, you just got to know my people. You the people there at the church, they've got a heart to serve." He goes, "Man," he said, "I I sure wish we we could get our church to do that, you know, and uh and you know, but but it's nothing. It's it's not magic. It's just the God uh that that has given given you a willingness to want to do something for the Lord. I'll tell you uh uh the the vision that I had, I believe God gave it to me. Uh the desire that I've had is I I it couldn't have been I couldn't have done it on my own. And um but but we find that uh uh this is uh you you have a willingness to serve and and and then I find that it's not only in our just in our local assembly uh but there are brothers and sisters from the churches uh outside of of our church just volunteering to help in any way that they can. And and it's it's because it's it's truly a labor of love. And that's what Paul called it is a labor of love. Not a labor of duty, but it's a labor of love. And there's there God's got people all around. And to think that when it just seems like we just can't do it, God just moves on somebody else to come along and say, "We want to be a part of this." And and and and they help. And and I thank God for that. And but notice what Paul, the Apostle Paul, he says here in in in uh Hebrews 6:10, he says, "For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love, which you have showed toward his name in that you have ministered to the saints and do minister." Ain't that right? Now, we know so, so God's not not unrighteous. He He won't forget your labor of love. I know maybe the reward here on the earth, you're not getting paid for it and and and you're spending maybe many hours and hours and it's wearing on your body and and you're not maybe seeing the the the well, you're not getting paid by the hour for it. Uh but but God's got a reward uh uh for you. And and that's what the Paul is saying is and that's a promise that God will not forget your your work, your labor of love that you have shown toward the saints. And so uh um uh you know we we've talked about it throughout the times here uh is that Moses God gave Moses that vision of on on building the tabernacle and and what to do and well God gave him that vision and and but but God the being a wise God knew that Moses couldn't do all of that but he would give Moses helpers and and give them a willing heart. And then he would put his spirit of wisdom uh upon these uh these these uh uh helpers and and they they would work to make that vision become a reality. Ain't that right? If you look in the even in the first church age, there's always there there was helpers even then. um uh and and in the church and and uh Jesus uh here addresses them uh thou hast labored for my name's sake and hast not fainted. Thou has labored for my name's sake and hast not fainted. And and I like what brother Brandham said about these laborers. He said these believers weren't laboring for Paul or for an organization. Amen. See, they they weren't doing this for a man. Uh they weren't doing it for a denomination or some uh organization. They weren't committed to programs and institutions whereby they built up holdings of a value. They worked for the Lord. Ain't that right? That's what labors of love. That's why he would say, "You've done it in my name." Amen. And and and so they worked for the Lord. They were his servants, not the pawns of an organization. Can you say amen? And so this is where I I I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that's what you're doing. You're working for the Lord in whatever you do, you're working for the Lord. And and I truly believe that in the beginning, God uh had made man his helper. As we know, uh, brother Ram told us these things and and even though man had failed, God never changed his purpose, uh, for mankind and and his desire became, I would say, it just become so greater to see that man had fallen from where he come from and what he was ordained to be and he was entrapped in sin and Satan using him and and and tripping him up. It it must have God's love just must have just just got greater for mankind. But the Bible says that for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever should believe in him would not perish but have everlasting life. And so so we look that that it it it was love that caused God to act. It it was love that God that caused God to leave the comforts of the throne to to to leave the comforts of angels bowing down before him and and constantly praising him ne never taking a breath just constantly holy, holy, holy, holy. And it was God's love that caused him to leave all of that atmosphere, a a glorious atmosphere, a heavenly atmosphere, to come into an atmosphere of sinners and hate and and malice and despitefully using him and and all of these things and and and so uh uh it but it was love that caused him to act. And you you may see someone that you love in danger and you see them in danger, but you love them and you're doing everything you can to to help them and you're scheming up a plan. You're working this out and you don't care if they're if they're drowning. You'll go out there. You ain't going to think nothing of it. You'll you'll do whatever you can to save them. It's like that mother that had that uh baby, you know, her daughter in the fire and she just took off running after that baby and she clothed that baby, protected that baby, didn't care about herself, she ended up so scarred and all that, but she saved that baby of hers. Well, that's what God did. Amen. He did that. Amen. And he went into action to save us. And when when so when God came from spirit from heaven into that human tabernacle he his love that same love was expressed in a human body toward the people. Jesus as as we know brother said Jesus was God's love gift to mankind. And Matthew uh Matthew 20 and 28 says, "The son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister." Think of that. God sent his son into the world and and yet he came not to be ministered. He didn't He didn't want to be ministered to. He He wasn't seeking to be ministered to. He came to minister uh uh and give his life a ransom for many. Ain't that right? And and Romans 5'8 says, "God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." So see, Christ didn't go to Calvary. He didn't go to the cross begrudgingly. Amen. And and and saying, "I don't know why I was picked to go this way. I don't know why my life is this, and I guess I'll do it." And and you know, and and they're pushing him. The Bible says they led him. He was led to Calvary. Not pushed, not forced, not shoved, but he was led to Calvary. And and and and Jesus even said, "No man taketh my life from me. I lay it down." He willingly laid it down because it was God in him. And that same love that caused God to to leave heaven and leave all of the splendor to come into a human body to feel your pain, to feel your suffering, that God's love was bleeding in that heart. It was beating and it drove him to Calvary. Amen. And and of course, we've said it before that Christ didn't die from loss of blood and bleeding out and all these things. He died of a broken heart. And that's what a prophet said. And so uh uh his his entire life was spent for others, right? And and uh that's what brother Brandham said. Uh spent for others is what the Bible says. And and and this word spent is means used up, consumed, worn out. And and so it wasn't that he just lived for others, but he spent his life for others. It it it consumed him. It it his life was used up for others and and worn out for others. Amen. And so this is exactly what Paul in his ministry uh uh was saying when he told the church, I will very gladly spend and be respent or be spent for you. Amen. So Paul's life, his Christian life, we all know that he had he had the zeal, a man uh uh to serve God, but he without revelation, he was persecuting the the believers and and throwning them into prison, treating them rotten and and all of these things. You know, it's just about as bad as when we talk about each other and and and we do things that that we shouldn't do to one another and and all of these things. But see, that's what Paul was doing. Amen. And and he was persecuting them and and all of that. And and yet these believers, they weren't out there drinking and living hypocrite life. They they they were just just living for Christ. They were Christians. And and so in Paul's conversion, Amen. he realized that, oh it, I'm persecuting people that love God. I'm persecuting people that God is that they're the elect of God. And so in instead of persecuting them, Brother Brandham said it must have got to Paul when when he watched uh uh uh the deacon uh Stephen uh he's the one that that uh consented to Steven's death. and and and he watched Steven die and it it got to Paul so bad that Paul just couldn't hardly live with himself in how he treated Stephen and and and so um but but see he he lived his life after his conversion uh uh being spent for for the people. Ain't that right? And so, Brother Bram said, "A man that lives for himself doesn't have eternal life." Amen. And and I think this is why people and and and I'm not being hard toward people, but at the same time, there has to be answer for everything. And and uh I think and and so, Brother Brandham gives us that. And uh I think that's why people just may not understand why we work so hard for these meetings and and in in preparation and things. Um uh it's it's you know it's it's just something that we we want to do for God. And uh you know I may not have the type of ministry uh to travel around the world and hold great meetings and and uh uh be an impact to the world uh like a lot of evangelists are and ministers and things like that. I may not be as talented as a lot of folks are and and in in areas or or whatever, but see, I got something to do for God, right? And and and with that and and and and I see God blessing it. I if there's anything I see God blessing, I see God blessing our meeting. Amen. God has blessed it uh abundantly uh in ways uh things that maybe we didn't think it would ever work out and and I don't care if it's from money to monetarial things that we just needed or uh finding a place for a a a meeting and just everything. God just worked it all out. And and and we we just stand there and just in awe at what God has done. And and I I think most of us at least could could say amen to that. And and so uh I I I you know I I got something that I can do. And I I see people getting saved, delivered, filled with the Holy Ghost. I I see people's lives changing directions. So, it lets me know I don't have to go around the world to see this to happen. I I don't have to be some great preacher. I don't have to be some uh great talented individual. Amen. To see God do something. I I can actually do something for God and watch God. Amen. Honor what I'm doing. Honor the labor that I'm doing because I'm in his will. Can you say amen? And it may not be filling up our church, but I am believing it's filling up the body of Christ. And that's the main thing. That's what we want. We're not doing these things to fill up our church and about Faith Tabernacle or about Shawn Martin and about how good we are. I just want to see souls saved. I want to see young people get the Holy Ghost. I I I want that. I I know there's people that have come to our meetings and just total despair and leave with victory. That's worth it all. Can you say amen? And so whatever way that God uses me to make that happen, I will gladly do. And not do it because it's easy and not do it because it's comfortable. But I I want to be as Paul. I'm glad to be spent and I'll be respentent for the sake of the people. See, it's there always has to be the right kind of motive when laboring for the kingdom of God. And brother Bram says what the death of Christ was was the sanctified church that he might work through to continue his work. The other place we God's purpose we find here in sending the Holy Spirit was one purpose that he might him that God himself uh might dwell in his church and continue his plans through the church that God was in Christ continuing his plans through Christ and out of Christ and to the church continuing his work through the church. Can you say amen? Uh, brother Brandham in his prayer, he said, "You're here in the form of the Holy Ghost to work through your church to heal and to save." You believe that? Amen. So, so this is why we're here. Amen. Uh this is why he's filled us with the Holy Ghost to use us, put us in a place to where we can labor for the kingdom of God to see so saved, to see so healed and and we can't look at it as though it's impossible and we ain't got the means. And if you've got God in you, you have the means. You have the means to destroy Satan in your home, in people's lives, in in in in in all of these things. I just believe that you got loved ones that need saved. You've got the power. It's in you. And and and that's what God's got you here for is so he can work through you to make you a helper for him. In our opening scripture, we read the last commission that Jesus gave the church. Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel. So So, and I'm going to hurry, but stay with me. But the the main thing is the gospel, right? The gospel must be preached. Amen. And and and that that was the main the responsibility to the church is make sure the gospel is preached. preach the gospel around the world. The world's got to hear the gospel. And these signs shall follow them that believe, right? In my name, they're going to cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover wherever the gospel is. And the prophet said, see, the gospel is to be dis demonstrated with power. That's what makes us come under expectation. Every time the gospel, true gospel, the message of the hour is preached. We're under expectation to see God do something. Ain't I ain't just saying I'm wondering if God's going to do something. I'm believing God's going to do it. I'm believing God to save your loved ones. I'm I'm believing God to to bring a deliverance to those that are bound. I'm just believing it. That's the gospel. Amen. Right. Uh 1 Thessalonians 1:5, Paul says, "Our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power and in the Holy Ghost." So what is the purpose of the gospel being preached? Why? What? What? What is this purpose? As brother Bram said, if men could realize that preaching the gospel isn't to get more members in the church, but it's consecration to the purpose of the task that we must have newborn babes into the kingdom of God. Can you say amen? So, we don't preach to build up our own ministry. We're not preaching to uh these preachers don't preach to to build up their thing and and and and again faith tabernacle or fill up some other church or whatever. We just filling up the kingdom of God. We want to see people birth into the kingdom of God. And and when the true gospel is preached, then we know that that predestinated seed is is hears it. They're going to believe it. It's and and and I don't care how how hard Satan is working and and and what what Satan has bound up in their lives. Amen. I've seen you you you surely you've seen it, too. You've seen people come into the house of God with complexes and baggage is all over them by the devil and and and and all these things and and and let God get a hold of him. And and it he he he does things that no psychologist can do. He does things that no doctor can do. He does things that medication can't do. He just he just knows how to do it. And it's through the preaching of the gospel and then the power of God goes to work in their lives. Well, it did it for the woman at the well, right? Amen. It did it for Peter. It it did it for the the the uh the the saints. It it did it did it for me. It did it for you, did it not? You're a result of of not because mom and dad brought you to church and you're sitting there now you just grew up. No, you the the power of the gospel had an effect upon our lives. Amen. And and it did it to you know to the people who heard Paul preach the gospel. You know according to the Bible you know the believers in Thessalonica I believe Paul says turn to God from idols to serve the living and true God. Why? Because he come to a heathen people and he just began to preach the gospel to them and somehow the power of God reached that soul and turned them around. That's what makes the difference. And and the gospel, how many believes the gospel is still working today? It ain't changed its power. It's not lost its effectiveness. Amen. It's effective. Amen. And and so it it breaks the power over over a person's life and and changes them for eternity. I I just believe that. And and so the gospel was to be preached to everyone in the world so that people would have a chance to believe. Ain't that right? Amen. We're We're not to get We're not here to get people to believe in a doctor. We're not here to get people Even though doctors are fine. Amen. We use them. We're not here to get people to believe in scientific discovery. Even though we use the progress that science has made in some ways of cars, electric, and and all these things, we're not here to get people to believe in educated facts and all that. You see, our purpose as Christians is to get people saved, to get them to believe. Can you say amen? Paul, you know, the Philip Philippian jailer asked Paul and Silas, "What must I do to be saved?" And Paul just told him, says, "Well, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thee and thy house shall be saved." Don't look to me. Don't look to Silas. Don't look to some church. Just believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. And church, if if there's anybody that has a has the power to show Jesus Christ, it's us believers. This message is Christ. That's right. You believe it? Therefore, it lays upon us. See, the soul the soul of man should be our main concern more than any materialistic or monetary thing. It is the souls of man. Brother Brandham talked of how uh beautiful Phoenix was. And yet he said it's so len down with sin. And Billy Paul said, "Well then, Dad, why are we here? Why why are you coming here? Why do why do you do that?" And his reply was, "All over this city is scattered the church of the living God. It's that group we're holding up before God. It's the saints." He said, "As Paul must have looked upon Rome with its many thousands of population as different places that he went, he would see the city turned over to idolatry. But there was jewels in that city that he had to labor for. Can you say amen? I don't know what's here in Blackburg, Christiansburg, and around the surrounding area. I don't know. But there's got to be some jewel that we got to labor for. Can you say amen? So I'm telling you, your labor is not in vain. Amen. One soul, this our names will be attached. Amen. To that. Can you say amen for eternity? Amen. And brother Bram said, "See, the soul is the most important thing of anything in the mortal cuz that's the thing that lasts forever." Can you say amen? So the soul of mankind uh will be the most important thing to any God-called preacher because they have the same heart that Jesus had. They have God within them. And and so you know uh as as I've said you know there are there are souls maybe not even around here. Uh well I know there are around here but but but we're not just talking of here. There's people have come from all over uh to these meetings and and you know there's souls that need to be saved. There's souls that maybe uh need to be uh uh delivered from from complexes, from scars, from habits. And maybe people are uh uh in inflicted with sickness and disease. And you know, maybe young people that growed up in the message and yet they're they're fighting things in their mind and Satan's trying to tell them, "You've crossed the line." and and all of these things. And they need the gospel. I don't you know, they need the gospel to be preached to them. And this is why we labor for the kingdom of God, right? Whether you're a preacher or a lay member. And I think if we are convinced of the power that this gospel holds, then we'll be convinced that it is the gospel that people need. Yep. We could be investing our time in having a circus. We could be investing our time in, you know, having amusement park for the church. We We could be investing our time for a lot of things, but we're convinced there's one thing that people need, and that is the gospel of Jesus Christ. Are you convinced of that? I know you are. Because again, the gospel destroys demon powers from the people's lives. Not every man is called to preach. Not everyone is called. But if a man is called to preach and that calling comes from God and a preacher, a preacher is is a minister of the gospel. He's and he's God's helper. And brother Graham said, "Any man that's called to preach the gospel is called to heal the sick." I believe he's called to save the soul. And you know what I mean by all that? Of course, you can't heal the sick in in in having power in only God heals, right? Only God saves the soul. Only God delivers the people. But see, God works through that preacher. He's called. God gave him something to preach the gospel with. And and he's called. And brother Bram said, "The most important thing of the day is a good God-scent preacher." Aren't you glad for God-Scent preachers? I'm so glad for that. Brother Bram said, "The closest the pulpit is the closest place to heaven on earth, the pulpit." Why? This is old piece of wood, but it's what's behind it. It's what's coming forth. It's the word of God. It can change people's directions. It can deliver people from hell. It can change them so dramatically. Put families together. Could do it all. Brother Aram said, "Which has the greatest authority? An angel from heaven or an angel at the pulpit?" Then he says, "It's the angel at the pulpit." Why? There's an authority because it's the word of God. Can you say amen? So, so a God- called preacher of the day is a helper to the messenger that God has sent in this day and age. You believe that? Amen. We're not to preach our own message. We're called to preach. We're helpers. I think a lot of ministers forget that. Yes. But brother Bram said God kept raising up not only the messengers to each age, but he raised up some wonderful helpers for those messengers. He gave every aid some wonderful men of God and they did everything they could to bring the church back to God. So they were working under the messenger. They were helpers to that messenger. They weren't tearing down that messenger. They weren't tearing down his message. And I believe the ministers that are coming to our our our meetings and the ministers are even in here. I I thank God. I salute my own father. Amen. as the minister of the gospel that that would not try to build himself but would humble himself to come under and just preach what a prophet preached. That's right. Can you say amen? We know Ephesians 4:11 and I'm not going to read it, but Paul talked about it. He gave some God gave some apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, pastors, teachers, all these things for the perfecting of the saints and that we'd not be henceforth tossed to and fro and and all of these things. Well, what is it? They're helpers. They're helpers. They got something to preach. God sent a message and then God sent the five-fold ministry to come under that. They subject their ministry. They subject their inspiration under this headship of the message. Can you say amen? Amen. And and the main agenda that should be and will be is God's church. That's the main agenda. God's church. Every time the minister, a God- sent minister gets up, it's for God's church. God's church. Can you say amen? That's why we put effort into what we study and how we preach and we're careful what we say and all of these things. We're careful how we live. We try everything. It's God's church that we're after. Can you say amen? I ain't here for myself. I'm here for the church. I'm here for the people. Brother Brham said, "What's the most important thing in the world?" It's God's church. Somebody say, "God's church." God made the earth. He made it for a purpose to take a church out of it. the bride and that's the most important job in the world. Brother Brandham had a responsibility as you know he had a responsibility. God showed it to him. He had the same responsibility that Eleazar had. And Eleazar had that responsibility. He was sent to go get a bride for Isaac. Ain't that right? And and when the Bible opened up and there it was. It fell upon Eleazar getting a bride for Isaac. And brother Brandham said, "That's right with my ministry." Can you say amen? Get a bride. He Eleazar went right straight out and began praying and he met the beautiful Rebecca that become the bride of Isaac. Just a perfect message back to the word. Go get that bride. That's a duty. He said, "That's what I'm here for. That's what I'm trying to do is call out a bride. Well, aren't you glad for that? See, and notice we're here preaching the same message that Brother Brown preached for the same purpose. Can you say amen? We could have a tent meeting and just have it all emotion and excitement and have pizza give way. Just a gathering. But we realize we got a purpose. Get a bride. Can you say amen? This is why this message must be preached. This is why we're not ashamed of what a prophet said. It's why we don't want to water it down cuz the message is going to get a bride. Get her ready for the rapture. Can you say amen? That preachers aren't only the only ones that are called to be God's helpers. Often times, you know, we get the idea that it's just preachers and preachers this and but that's not true. We all have something to do. Yeah. Preaching the gospel is is the most important thing there is, but God has provided people to help the ministry. And and and you can read that in 1 Corinthians 12-22 or just the 12th chapter. Paul says there's the body is one and there's many members that God has set in the body, right? And every bo every member has a function, but it's all in the body. It's to make that body work. It's to make the body tick. It's to make the body function just right. Ain't that right? Amen. From the head to the toe to the to the brain to the liver to to whatever parts that doesn't even seem Amen. necessary. But if God put it in that body, it's necessary, right? So, so we look at all these things and brother Bram says I'm not the body of Christ. I'm only a member of it. So, if the ear would say because I'm not of the eye, then I ain't got no use. Or if the ear would say, well, because I'm not the hand, or the hand say, well, I'm not the foot and yada yada yada, you know, and and uh then you know we I have no use. Well, that that's not true because God has set the members, every one of them in the body as it has pleased him. Can you say amen? So, what it does tell us, it takes team effort to achieve what God is wanting us to achieve for him. Can you say amen? Brother Brandham uses the game of football for the example. He said, "When you're playing a ball game, it's football season. The thing we want to do is not everybody try to take the ball from the man that's got it. He's trying to guard that man. Protect him. Let him get through. We're trying to make a goal." Can you say amen? How many believes we're trying to make a goal? We're trying to make a goal. Well, most of us anyways. We're trying to make a goal. But he says, "Could you imagine a team so untrained as to find one man, their own man, with the ball running to the field goal, and then instead of trying to knock the enemy away from him, the opposing team, to let your own man that's got the ball take off with it, every man trying to take the ball out of his hands." He said, "Well, you're bound to lose, right?" And today, we have the same thing. When we see God come on the scene and going to bless a certain thing, let's keep all the enemies away from it. Let's use our influences as tackles, not runners. Tackles that protects the runner. Let's let's let let him pack the ball through. See? And because there's no opposition, see, all he has to do is just keep running. Can you say amen? Amen. See why? Because we're in our place and and we're protecting. We're uh uh uh we see the objective here that if he gets the ball and he runs and he makes it, then we all win. Amen. We all achieved the work. We've all worked at it. And all of our work is not in vain. Every labor is not in vain because I done my part. You done your part. The preacher done their part. And I I say to you, the preachers are coming. And I know they're praying. I know they're studying. I know these things are coming. But they can't do it without us. Amen. Yes. That's right. the man that's got the ball, don't take it out of his hands. He says, try to guard him. Can you say amen? And so I again, we have some of the greatest ministers in the message coming and I say that because they preach the message. They're called called men, anointed of God. They don't waste time with frivolous things. And and as I get ready to wind down now, preaching the gospel is going to be the most important thing in the meeting. It's the most important thing than food. It's the most important thing than uh whatever we're doing. It's the greatest thing, but they can't do it all. They need us. Somebody say, "They need me. Just as Moses needed helpers and God sent a prophet in this day and we needed him and his message, but he couldn't have done what he did without helpers, making preparation for his arrival. He had a secretary that was doing work. He had um you know, he had uh assistants. He had a manager and he needed men to arrive early to to the service to, you know, to hand out uh uh prayer cards. And so, so even though the message was important, he needed men to to to be out there to help that message go. Can you say amen? He needed people out there. Brother Ram, I was just hearing him say, you know, the Lord willing, we're going to go and set up a tent a whole 15,000. And I thought, oh my. And I thought, well, you wouldn't have saw Brother Brandham out there by himself just, you know, trying to get that tent going. No, he had helpers. There had to be someone set the tent up. There had to be someone set out them 15,000 chairs. There had to be someone set out the platforms. There had to be someone to get the sound going. There had to be somebody to get all the music together. There had to be somebody so that it would prepare for him to preach the word. People needed help, right? They needed to see God on the scene come on the scene. But there had to be somebody to have that vision and say, "Hold it. Well, I I want to be a part. I want to help. I want to be a part of this. I I I'm not here to take your place, Brother Brandon, but I will. I I want to do something to make it easy for you that that when you preach, everything will be already ready and the people can just come, not have to worry about a place to sit, not have to worry about music, not worried about trying to hear you, we'll get all that taken care of so that when you preach the gospel, may God come and may the fire fall. I I think so. You see how it is. Uh uh brother Bram talking about Billy Paul, how he he'd come to do uh the prayer cards and he said he's been a great help to me along in the meeting cuz I've trusted him. Take him out there and give him a responsible job. He said to see the prayer card job is a real responsible job. And so really Bram said he's been a help to me. really needed ushers, right? Amen. He needed He needed ushers. He needed people that were faithful to that. He needed people that didn't say, "Well, I'd rather I'd rather I'd rather be sitting up on the platform. I' I'd rather be over here being the musician." No, someone had to be the usher. See, and and so he depended he depended upon the prayers of the people. So, so see you had people there were people laying the groundwork of the meeting and and people working in the meeting and they were helpers. Brother Bram said, "See, I well, here it is." He goes, "I trust that by God's help next April, I believe." Brother Bigby told me that he would like for me to return back and having full cooperation and fellowship with all the other churches all be together. That's cooperation. We'd like to bring the tent big tent sitting some 15,000 set it out here for about four or two weeks uh four to four to 6 weeks so we could uh teach. Can you say amen? See so so but the the preparation in one meeting brother Brandham thanked a brother for his help saying what a wonderful help he has been setting the meeting up has never did it before and and he's never seen a meeting like this before. He's done a really good job. See, another time he he says, "Thank you, my kind beloved brethren, all of you that's cooperated uh to help us in the meeting." Uh uh when at brother Joseph Boseay's meeting, Brother Brandham said, "We are certainly happy to be with brother Joseph Boseay again and with his staff and workers and with all of you see our friends around in Chicago in the vicinity. May the Lord richly bless you is my prayer." So he's acknowledging that it wasn't just him. There were people that was part of this meeting. We're just hearing the tapes. Yeah. We're just hearing him preach on the tapes, but there had to be a tape guy. There had to be someone going to buy the tapes. There had to be someone where brother Ram didn't have to worry about all these things. You understand what I'm saying? So, you know, uh um one last thing I want to say is I've seen that when God calls someone to labor in the kingdom is is that they're not just only willing to work, but they expend themselves. They're they're they they gladly expend themselves. And I look at preachers and I not only do I love the way they preach and things, but I love I I draw strength and is when I see them expending themselves. God- called preachers, they preach when they're sick, when they're in pain, when they are discouraged, when when their their maybe their home is falling apart, when they're going through the worst storms of their life. Brother Donnie Reagan to see him preach right after he lost his daughter and to keep carrying on. I thought God bless that man for doing such. Brother Andrew Glover stood here preaching a week or so ago with an earachche, hurting bad, but he gave it everything he had to preach the gospel for us. I've seen dad preach while fighting this Parkinson's, shaking and barely able to talk and have to be carried from the platform, but it's in his heart to preach the gospel and he'd still be preaching. If his voice could do it, you get him aside by yourself where you can hear him, he'd still he'll preach to you. It's because it's something within him. I've seen brother Josh Bennett preach while having pain with kidney stones. And there he is about doubled over. But he gets to a pulpit and begins to preach to his church the unrichable unsearchable riches of Christ because they expend themselves to the people. I've seen brother Jonathan preach uh and and his throat is so swollen and and can barely talk, but he's going to give it all that he's got. I've seen brother Wendle get up and preach and just after throwing up in the office and vomiting from sickness and he's just so sick, but get behind that pulpit trusting God to help him through it and and God does it. seen brother Ron Spencer preaching with this cancer there vomiting and about to pass out and all that but getting behind the pulpit even having seizures while behind the pulpit but but he's not doing it to be a show off there's something in him he's expending he's spending himself for the people can you say amen there ain't no excuses in a preacher there's just nothing just God giving God gave it to us and they do it willfully. Ain't that right? No complaining with them. They just they just do it believing that God is going to help somebody through their ministry. They may not be able to do it good. They may not be able to do it right. They may not. But who cares? They just know God. Amen. And they love the people. Laboring for the kingdom. Brother Brandham expended himself night after night. It marvels me. I mean the I love his preaching. I love the way he preached. But then you just hear him talking and what he had to go through to get there. Brother Bram talking. Good evening friends. I'm happy to be here again tonight in the name of our Lord. Hearing that wonderful message just kind of inspired my heart. Little tired. We drove all night last night and all day today and just got back a while ago and I rushed right and went over. Didn't even know what he had to go through. But he's there at a pulpit. He could have said, "Man, I'm so tired. I can't do it tonight." You understand? Then we just say, "Oh, yes, brother Brandham. We" But he just couldn't do it. Another place, Brother Brandham said, "I'm tired and very much worn. We just come out of a great healing service just a matter of a little while ago, horsearo and tired. And I said to brother Hutchkins, I said, "Should I tonight just preach and go ahead?" I said, "I've got to drive all night tonight in order to meet another appointment tomorrow right after dinner at Louisville, Kentucky, driving through the turnpikes and so forth tonight." And he said, "Oh, I I believe the people would be a little disappointed if you didn't pray for them." I said, 'Well, I'll just speak to them a little while and pray. And then I sent my boy in and told him to give him to give some cards if there was many here to be prayed for so we can get the people lined up. So, we'll try to do that. Here he's tired. Here he's weary. Here he's got a whole night of driving. He's got an appointment, but for the people's sake, he spent himself for the people. Can you say amen? Another place. Thank you, brother Joseph. Good to be here this morning. And fellowship is something that's hard to explain, isn't it? I told my wife, I'm getting old. Joseph called me the other day and we're talking. I said, "Say, Joseph, I'm just outside the city Sunday morning. I'll be over and see you." Oh, he said that nothing would please us any better. I thought, well, I thought I was at Gary and I was 125 miles at South Bend. I drove through a blinding snowstorm this morning after a meeting last night over there in dedication of a church and a good friend, Brother Tom's from Canada. And we drove this morning zigzagging over the roads over here in a blinding storm to keep our promise to brother Joseph. expending. Can you say amen? But it's not just preachers that expend themselves. It's anyone who is called to labor for this kingdom. Jesus said, "He that is greatest of all is the servant to all." Amen. Brother Brham said, "All the truly great men of history have been servants. They who demanded to be served, they who oppressed, they who sought to always be at the head have gone down in shame. Even the very rich are condemned by God when they have not used their wealth right. But he says tr history tells us that the men who were truly great were the ones who served others. It will forever praise those who did much for others. Then he begins to talk of Jesus how that Jesus bowed himself over the disciples feet to wash them. Old dirty stinking feet. And yet the Lord of glory bowed himself over their feet and began to clean them. And then Jesus said, "You don't know now what I'm doing, but you will know hereafter, but what you see me doing, you ought also to do." Can you say amen? Yet the musicians will come. Brother Abraham said he became a servant in order that God could elevate him to the highest heights. And one day in the judgment of the saints, we are going to hear him say, "Well done, good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord." It is hard to be always a servant, but those who spend and are spent for others will one day be seated with him in his throne, and it will be worth it all then. So let us labor for the master from the dawn till the setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. And when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the role is called up yonder, I'll be there. How am I going to be there? Amen. Another place he says here, he says, "When it's all over someday, and if I don't get to eat breakfast with you again, when it's all over, we're sitting across the table from one another. That's the time I'm looking for." He said, "No doubt, but little tears will run down our cheeks and look across the table and get to each other by the hand. It'll mean something then. Let's work while it's time to work while the sun is up. It'll be down after a while. It's getting very low now. Then to think that while we're sitting there holding each other's hands and weeping a little, then the great king will come out in all of his great robes come down along the line and wipe all tears away from our eyes and say, "It's well done, my good and faithful servants. enter into the joys of the Lord that's been prepared for you since the foundation of the world. So while the sun is up and it's light enough to labor, let us labor. I hope I've encouraged you somehow, church, keep pressing on. I know the times are rough and I know it may get get dark and you may be battling things in your personal walk in your personal life and all of these things. But I say to you, your labor of love is not in vain. Can you say amen? You love him. Amen. God bless you, soldiers of the cross. Amen. Let's sing it [Applause] now. I want to [Music] live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. Sing it again. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love. Is that the way you feel? Sing it once again. Oh, I want to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord if brother Shmaya would come. I want to pray for Shouel. [Music] little man is having some issues and um he's not gaining weight, right? not gaining weight and he's not able to digest the [Music] food and um so their doctor is wanting them to go to UVA and um get things checked out to see what's going on. Um they said a baby that's had had birth and all that the way he's had it and everything should be so further along than where he's at. And uh but I tell you what, I believe in a mighty God that can touch this child and make this baby whole. and and I know you mothers can sympathize with uh Sister Bethany and brother Shamaya and you parents. I just wonder if maybe we could just stand to our feet and just from your heart have compassion on this child and pray to God in your own way. Amen. as we going to anoint him with oil and just believing God to work uh supernaturally. Amen. Amen. Amen. Precious father. Oh father, you're the creator of life. You've seen to it that this child would be born in this age and given to these parents. Father, we're so appreciative of of you, Lord, and how your heart has been to them to give them a precious gift. We know that children are dear to you, Father. And Satan now attacking this child at such an early age, so innocent. Satan, no respector of age. But Father, we're asking that you would just step in even now and touch this child and drive that spirit away from this body. May this stomach in the name of Jesus Christ start functioning. May the gastronomics and whatever is wrong, may it come in line to your word. Father, may your healing touch come even now. May the healing angels sweep by and touch this child. Oh father, we thank you for it and we believe it to be done. We believe you to answer the prayer as you have so many other prayers in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. We thank you Lord for it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And we just believe for a a complete miracle, amen, for this baby. Amen. That God will just touch him. Believe he is touched. Amen. And as brother Brandham said many times, just go praise the Lord for it. Just praise the Lord for it. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. Let's sing this song. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh, do you believe it tonight? Oh, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. One more time. There is power, power, wonder working power. It's in the blood. Oh yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Where's it at? It's in the preious blood of the lamb. God bless you is our prayer. And remember service Sunday morning at 11:00, Brother Josh Martin, the Lord willing, will be ministering for us. And uh also as we've announced um uh for those of you that would like to help with the chairs um uh Sunday after the service um and after we eat then we will uh take all them chairs out of the conx take them to the tent and then of course chairs from the tabernacle to the tent and uh so everything's starting to uh come together and and So, we got work coming and uh we're going to be busy for a few days. So, ask for your prayers. God, give us all the grace and and uh help us to get it all done and not forget anything. Amen. God bless you. Love you. Amen. And uh let's bow our heads now. Father, we thank you Lord for your power. Thank you for your healing touch over us all here, Lord.
