################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Pastor Shawn Martin We Aren't Falling Away - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-17
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "We Aren't Falling Away"
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkWSYinVfqo
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] What do you think? [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Your present help in time of need. [Applause] [Music] Oh, I will bless the Lord forever and I will trust him at all times. And he has delivered me from all fear. He has set my feet upon a rock. [Music] And I will serve the Lord. You are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Oh, I will bless the Lord forever. I will trust him at all [Music] times. He has delivered me from all sins. I set my feet upon a [Music] rock and I will not be moved. And I will say of the Lord, you are my strength, my shield, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, my strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Oh my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Who have I in heaven but you? There's no one I desire beside you. For you have made me glad. And I'll say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Can we stand and sing it? Oh, whom have I in heaven but you? There's no one I desire beside you. For you have made me glad. Now say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, very present help. You are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very prey. Can we sing that again? You are my shield, my strength, my portion deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And maybe we could ask brother Amos to dedicate the service [Music] tonight. Father God, for you people, your people, this is the season again, Lord. God, we thank you for this opportunity. We don't know, Lord, that one of us could come up this year in the very next service, Father God. Lord, how we would rejoice, Lord God, in this service, Lord, knowing, Lord, that our future is in your hands. So, we don't worship you in Jesus Christ. Amen. Strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Oh, I will bless the Lord forever and I will trust him at all times. He has delivered me from all fear. He has set my feet upon a [Music] rock and I will not be moved. And I will say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help. You are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter. strong tower, my very present help in time of need. Amen. I'm so glad he's a very present help in time of need. Amen. Can we sing that song? [Music] No sorrow there in that tomorrow we will be there by and by milk and honey flowing that is where I'm going's land is just inside. Oh, there will be no sorrow there in that tomorrow. We will be there by and by. Oh, milk and honey flowing. That is where I'm going. Canaan's land is just inside. Moses led God's children 40 years. He led them through the cold and through the night. Though they said, "Let's turn back." Moses said, "Keep going." Canaden's land is just inside. Oh, there will be no sorrow there in that tomorrow. We will be there by and by. Oh, milk and honey flowing. That is where I'm going. Cananan's land is just inside. Now though we walk through valleyies, though we've climbed high mountains, we must not give up the fight. Now we must be like Moses. We must keep on going. Cananan's land is just inside. Oh, there will be no sorrow there in that tomorrow. We will be there by and by. [Applause] Oh, milk and honey flowing. That is where I'm going. Caveman's land is just inside. Now we've walked through valleys. And though we've climbed down mountains, we must not give up the fight. Oh, we must be like Moses. We must keep on going. K's land is just in time. Oh, there will be no sorrow there in that tomorrow week. will be there by and by. Oh, milk and honey flowing. That is where I'm going. Can land is just [Music] inside. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. Brother TM. [Music] of getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. Oh, forgive us of seeking your hand and not your face. [Music] Come and empty us. Father, we're desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else will do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. You have given us so much more than we deserve. You deliver us by the power of your word. So God, we lift you up, giving you the honor that is yours. Thank you for your love. Father, this is what we're looking for. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Hold us close to you. And Holy Spirit, give us [Music] revelation, a healing visitation. For nothing else we'll do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. We have had enough of giving everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. Oh, forgive us all for seeking your hand and not your face. Come and empty us, Father. We're desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire, give us your desires. Oh, hold us close to you. And Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else will do. For we want more and more, more and more of you. You have given us so much more than we deserve. You deliver us by the power of your word. So God, we lift you up, giving you the honor that is yours. [Music] Thank you for your love, Father. This is what we're looking for. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires and hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else we'll do. For we want more and more, more and more. For we want more and more, more and more of [Music] you. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? Amen. As they would just play softly, we've got a few written prayer requests we want to make known tonight. Amen. We want to uh uh pray for Josiah. Uh he hasn't been feeling good tonight. Uh Sister Crystal has uh been pretty sick. Amen. And uh we want to keep Sister Martha in our prayers that the Lord would just continue doing a touch in her body as well as Sister Janice. Amen. I don't see Sister Janice or Brother Bob tonight. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. Amen. We want to keep Sister Kim uh weeks in our prayers. Um she's just been having a lot of issues there in her legs, her knees. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Also, um Brother Matt Morris there in Arkansas. Uh the roof blew off their fellowship hall and um and the rain just it just flooded the whole place. So, let's just keep them in our prayers that the Lord would just give them strength there. Amen. And also, we want to keep Grandpa in our prayers. Um, dad says he's fell a few times since he's been here, so he's been pretty sore and banged up there. So, let's just pray that the Lord would give him his strength. Amen. Touch him. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh, Brother Mark if you would come and lead us in prayer. Amen. We want to remember our pastor that the Lord would just give him strength tonight. Amen. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just so thankful to be able to be in your house tonight, Father. Lord, to worship you, Lord, and to give you praise, Lord. You so much worthy of more than we can ever do or say, Father. Lord, we just thank you for your mercy and your love, Lord, that you've given us, Father. Just thank you for your grace, Lord, that you've given each one of us, Father. Lord, and we just think about all the requests that was read off tonight, Father, Lord, for Lord, for brother Dan, Lord, this fail, Lord, any sore in his body, Father. Lord, we just pray, Lord, tonight, Lord, it be instant touch, Lord, he can be free from this soreness, Father. Lord, and Lord, all the other requests, Lord, for my wife, Lord, for brother Josiah, Lord, Lord, for Sister Martha, Lord, Brother Bob, Sister Janice, Father, Lord, each one that's been sick in their bodies, Father. Lord, we just pray that our faith can touch you tonight, Lord, for them, Lord, that they can be healed, Father. Lord, all the unspoken requests, Lord. And Lord, if there's any that slip my mind, Father, just pray, Lord, that you touch each one, Lord, for brother Matt's assembly there, Lord, has had some destruction, Father, we just pray that you help them, Lord, to be able to recover from that, Father. And bless her pastor, Father, as she brings forth the word tonight, God, just help us to receive it with open hearts, Lord. We thank you. We praise you, Lord. We ask all this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Just hold us close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation, a healing visitation for nothing else will do. for we want more and more. More and more of you. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, oh, he has been so good to me. And when I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Now when I look around and see the good things he has done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. But his blessings he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for his faith. Ruth and Levi comes and I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. We can't thank him enough. Amen. [Music] There's a grace when the heart is under fire. Another way when the walls are closing in. And when I look at the space between where I used to be and this reckoning, I know I will never be alone. There was another in the fire standing next to me. There was another in the waters holding back the seas. And should I ever need reminding of how I've been set free, there's a cross that bears the burdens. Were the one who died for me. There's another in the fire. [Music] All my debt left for dead beneath the waters. I'm no longer a slave to my sin [Music] anymore. I should have found the space between me and this reckoning. Either way, I will bow to the things of this world. And I know I will never be alone. There is another in the fire standing next to me. There is another in the waters holding back the seas. And should I ever need a finding, what power sets me free, there's a grave that holds nobody. Yeah, that power lives in me. I can see the light in the darkness as the darkness bows to him. I can hear the roar in the heavens as the space between wears. I can feel the ground shake beneath us as the prison walls cave in. Nothing stands between us. Nothing stands between us. There's no other name but the name that is Jesus. He who was and still is and will be through it all. [Music] So come away in the stress between all the things unseen and this reckoning. I know I will never be alone. There'll be another in the fire standing next to me. There'll be another in the waters holding back the seas. And should I ever need reminding how good you've been to me, I'll count the joy from every battle. Cuz I know that's where you'll be. There was another in the fire standing next to me. There was another in the waters holding back the seas. And should I ever need reminding of how I've been set free, there's a cross that bears the burdens. Where the one who died for me, there's another in the fire. There's another in the fire. There's another in the fire. There's another in the fire. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? He was there all the time. [Music] He was there all the [Music] time, waiting [Music] patiently in line. He was there all the time. Sing it again. For He was there all the time. Jesus was there all the time, waiting [Music] patiently in line. He was there all the time with all your hearts now. Oh, he was there all the [Music] time. Jesus was there. [Music] [Applause] shall be in love. He was there all the time. Can we sing that again? He was there all the time. Aren't you glad for that? God was there all the time, waiting [Music] patiently in love. He was there all the time. Sing the last lines. He was there all the [Music] time. Amen. So glad that we have a God that doesn't give up. Amen. And that he patience and waiting, working, pulling. Amen. And here we are today. And uh we can truly say he's been merciful to us all. and um not just when we were sinners, but as we've gone through life and and God's just been good and I'm so glad for that. It's good to be here in the house of the Lord and trust everyone is doing well and beautiful day today and um uh it's good to have mom here. Amen. and uh dad uh um at home. It's been just good to have them here with us. Good to have everyone that was gone over the weekend and uh uh back at home. Praise the Lord. And the uh the musicians can be dismissed. And um if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to 2 Thessalonians the 2 chapter. Amen. Um it's hard to believe that we're two weeks away from the meeting and um looking forward to a great time in the Lord and um appreciate all the help uh there and putting the tent up and um real blessing and went up really easy this time. So, we really thank the Lord for that and appreciate uh brother Mark. He's uh um I guess we could say he invented uh something for us to make things go so much easier. And uh so we really appreciate brother Mark doing that for us and and u um and appreciate u brother Tim and being patient with us all and enduring and getting us all keeping us straight and uh and just working uh you know he's put his heart into that uh for the past few days and and uh working there and making sure the tent don't blow away. And we certainly appreciate that very much. And um all the the work that is being started. Um uh the um uh the boys uh helping there at the tent starting to hang lights up and the different ones that helped uh putting the flaps up and Sister Kim getting the food ready and uh just uh starting to uh uh come together and the work is uh is full speed ahead. Amen. But we're looking forward to a wonderful time in the Lord. Amen. Uh before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and talk to our Lord, precious father, as we just humbly bow our heads before you. Our hearts, Lord, to you, God, and realizing that we wouldn't be here if it hadn't been for your mercy. If you had given up a long time ago on us, Father, we we wouldn't even have a chance. But you have proved that you're long-suffering, you're merciful, you're patient. And Father, we're so thankful for that. And Lord, we're just asking that you would just speak to us all, Father, as our hearts are yearning to hear from you and to be more like you, Father. And we know that you desire for us to to come up higher. And Lord, may these simple words that we would have, may it uh be an encouragement to your people tonight. We ask these things in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Second Thessalonians chapter 2, we're going to start at the first verse. But it says, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed the son of predition. Amen. Then if you'll turn with me the book of Daniel the 11th chapter a these two scriptures are familiar with us. Amen. Daniel 11 and um 32. But it says, "And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries. But the people," everybody say, "the people that do know their God shall be strong and do exploits." Amen. You can have your seats this evening. And um if I would have a title, it would be we are not falling away. And um so we read these two scriptures and and we see that there is a people that is going to be part of this falling away. Um the prophet would call it the great falling away. And yet at the same time there are people that are doing great exploits uh because they know their God. Amen. So one group is falling away. They're part of that great falling away. They're fulfilling that scripture. And there's the other group that are doing great exploits because they know they're God and they're fulfilling this scripture. And the Bible says that they shall be strong. They shall be strong. And this word strong means it it's solid, firm, wellestablished. So the people that will be strong, they're they're solid. They're firm, well established. The Amplified Bible says the people who know their God shall prove themselves. And that's that's a a a thing to think about. The people who know their God shall prove themselves strong. Not just say they're strong, but prove themselves strong and shall stand firm and shall do exploits for God. And so again, they shall prove themselves strong and shall stand firm. Now, the scripture, this scripture uh uh speaks of this day and age that we're living in. And so, what a contrast to what is going on all around us. Uh because at the same time that these people are proving themselves strong and are standing u firm, there is a great falling away. and and the and and to be honest, the the great falling away is more noticeable than those that are standing strong because those that are standing strong are part of the bride, which is a very minority as the prophet said. And and so we we find that uh uh this this great great falling away. It it it really it it's speaking of the masses of people who are losing their position, their place. They're they're falling from what they claim to be or where they've uh uh came from and and these things. Now when we think of the the falling away the that's that happened at the well before time even began uh of on the earth um you know uh uh in in the beginning you know before there was such a thing as oxygen and uh before the first molecule was was created and and all these things we find that that Satan Satan Lucifer uh was with God. He was a created angel and um God God gave him a position uh that this position would be next to God. He was above all the other angels. He was more beautiful and more smarter and intelligent maybe than all the other angels. And and uh but we find that he got lifted up in pride somewhere along the line. He he got lifted up in pride became jealous of his creator which was God. And so what he done is he caused division a division. Now he purposed in his heart as I believe it's the book of Isaiah uh that would talk about it that he purposed in his heart that he would be above God. He would be as God and and he would set up his own kingdom and and these things and and you know when when someone you know was set this way when someone gets um a little uh uh disgruntled in their heart or um um little upset or uh you you know uh whatever it it seemed like They they don't do it alone, but they they go and seek help. They they seek strength. They seek people to take sides. And and so this is exactly what Satan done. And we know that the Bible says that he took twothirds of the angels with him. Amen. So he caused the split in heaven. I mean, think of that. I mean, uh uh he caused a a split in the kingdom of God. and and so uh a division and therefore God cast him and and his followers uh uh out of heaven. And in Luke 18:10, Jesus says, "I beheld Satan as lightning fall." Everybody say fall from heaven. So, so this is the uh if we could say it the first um time that we would uh this word fall um would actually happen or uh the the fall it would be Satan himself uh that he would fall from his position. He fell from his position of power. He fell from his position of rank and and and and and and these things and and all the angels that uh that came with him uh uh sided with him, they fell from their their place. And and and so uh uh um we we find that uh um uh that these fallen angels uh are evil spirits. That that's what brother Brandham called them was they're they're evil spirits. and they they are very religious and he says they work amongst the people. Ain't that right? They they have no place in heaven. They have no power. They have no authority in in in the heavenly uh uh in heaven. They've been cast out and and and and and they've turned they're they're evil spirits, but they they they they take um their abode uh uh in in people. And and so then the next fault we we hear of uh is is that when right after or well I say right after some time after God made man in in his own image that uh uh um Satan came along and caused another fall. Ain't that right? and and that fall was mankind. Uh um and and see man man fail uh uh from his god-given position. And and so it it's interesting to see that throughout time uh there have been those who have fallen from from what they from their position or uh from what they were. Uh Peter talked of the angels that had sinned and God didn't spare them uh but cast them down to heaven. They or to hell. They they fell. Amen. And and were cast to hell and God delivered them into chains of darkness to be reserved unto judgment. Ain't that right? Now, these ain't natural chains and all that, but it does tell us that they will never go back to what they were. Amen. Uh in that position that they fell from and and so now they're they're uh they're they're just waiting for their time of judgment. But uh um but but that was an a fall that that Peter talks about the fall of the angels in in speaking to the church. uh Jude uh said in in Jude 5, he says, "I will therefore put you in remembrance uh though you once knew this, how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believe not." See, so so God saved them and brought them out. But notice he had to destroy them. The prophet said because they didn't continue on with the message. So So what they were they had fallen away from. Amen. They they had fallen away. Amen. Only to be destroyed. Amen. And and uh uh eternally separated. Ain't that right? Amen. See? And so then then we find that Jude right after that uh he talks about uh uh uh that then he talks about the angels who kept not their first estate. And he says, "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own inhabitation." In other words, they fell from their own inhabit uh their own habitation. He hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day. Ain't that right? So all through the Bible, it it shows us that from starting with Satan that there was a fall, amen, that took place and Satan fell, the angels fell, uh Israel fell and and we could go on and on uh uh with this, but uh uh now this scripture speaking here, Jude, speaking of the angels which kept not their first estate, uh uh uh has a two-fold meaning. I I I would take it. Brother Brandham said this way in in in and and uh he says see them angels which once stayed in heaven and kept not their estate. See, um, and the way that they were in fell away and now is in eternal chains of darkness, everlasting chains of darkness, kept in this condition until the judgment of the great day when they'll be judged with all the rest of the unbelievers. Ain't that right? See? And and so uh uh uh and and the prophet said these fallen angels, they they listened. Notice how they fell away. And what caused them to fall away is they listened to Lucifer and therefore they fell away from their estate. And in another place, brother Brandham in speaking of these fallen angels said these are fallen angels, Luther, Wesley, Catholic, Pentecostal. See who who who uh um uh who uh not their first state who, in other words, who who uh uh fell did not keep their first estate like the angels did. See, and and has fallen into organization. So, so think of that uh fallen angels in heaven that that fell with Lucifer and now he's saying the fallen angels are are Luther, Wesley, and Pentecostal and all that. And and he says they listen to Lucifer instead of listening to Christ. Amen. And and you you you you know all the way through Revelations uh he says he he that heareth uh uh hath an ear to hear what the spirit saith. Amen. Let him hear. Can you say amen? He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith. But we're finding that that not everybody heard the what the spirit was saying. that they actually listened, amen, to to uh uh Lucifer instead of listening to Christ to whom they belonged. Amen. See, and so now, Brother Brandham taught us that men are influenced by these fallen angels which are are evil spirits. And he says in one place, twothirds of the earth is in sin. and and more than that which twothirds of the angels was kicked out and those demon spirits come into people and habitate their body. A ain't that right? See, and so uh uh the Bible talks about uh the days of Noah and how that there were men that that did not repent. They repented not. And brother Bradom says about it. He says they they allowed their beings to be possessed of them. see of these evil spirits uh uh they they allowed their beings to be possessed of them and they're waiting for judgment. Ain't that right? So, so uh uh uh brother Brandham uh in speaking of what happened after the Lutheran Wesley and Pentecostal cuz it sounds like sometimes that he's speaking of Luther himself as being a fallen angel and and that's not that's not what he's he's saying but he's speaking after they came after their revivals after the Lutheran revival Wesleyan revival the Pentecostal revival he says what did they do see they sold out to reasonings of wisdom and education like Eve did. See, fallen angels did. See, Wesley was a man of God. But what followed him? Fallen angels got into it. See, what was the angels first? Creative beings of God, but fail for Lucifer's wisdom. Fail for Lucifer's wisdom. See, and you see what they become? fallen angels and organizations from men of God who has went forth to establish truths in the earth. Before that truth could go on and proclamate and get onto the real revelation of Christ, fallen angels come in and took it over and made denominations out of it. Can you say amen? So, so you you can see all the way through the Bible that that this this this falling away is it it's a trait of of Satan, amen, that that started in heaven and and he's got he gets into the unbeliever. He gets into the makeeliever. He gets into men and and they twist the when God sends a revival, when God sends a truth, well, the these men possessed of these fallen angels, Amen. Well, they begin they get perverted in their mind. They they get twisted up and before you know it, this denomination and this creed and and this dogma and and this and and and and and before you know it, they they they get the people to looking to them and believing in in in what they've got to say instead of listening to Christ. Can you say amen? Now we we find so he says see they made denominations out of it. They made denom denomination out of the Lutheran revival and the Wesleyan revival and the Pentecostal revival. Now church, I'm going to tell you this. They're trying to make denomination out of this message, too. But the prophet said it will not denominate. It cannot denominate because it goes to seed. Ain't that right? Amen. And I'm so glad that we've already got Amen. the promise that this will not denominate. Amen. So that that tells us that there's a people that will not listen to what Lucifer says and will not become subject to these fallen angels and and their their fallen doctrine and their fallen ways and and their their perverse teachings and and these things. Ain't that right? So they made they took over. He says fallen angels come in took over uh took it over and made denominations out of it. He said now Luther is exactly doing the same thing today that he did at the beginning. Lucifer at the beginning wanted to build himself a kingdom which was greater and more beautiful than Michael's kingdom. Christ see he that was his ambition. That was was his goal was to achieve something like that. That's what Satan wanted to do. see a bigger beautiful more more bigger more beautiful more splendid kingdom than of Christ. See, and so that was his ambitions to achieve something like that. And how what did he do it by? See, or what did he get to do it by? He took fallen angels who who lost their first estate. He took that to do it with. Can you say amen? Amen. These demonic spirits today are working, amen, for Satan. Ain't that right? Amen. And and they're possessing people. They're getting into people. People are yielding themselves and just as religious or even more religious today than ever before, but they're working for the wrong kingdom. Ain't that right? So, so he says now today Lucifer has got into the church and taken away the word and injected denomination and he's building a church. The ecumenical move that's going on now to unite all the Protestants together and all together come into Catholic and another place he's doing it with fallen angels. How is he doing it? We we know that this nation is the the the uh uh image of the beast and Protestantism and and uh uh it it's already been prophesied. It's it's not a work of God. It's a work of the devil. Well, how is Satan uh bringing this about? See, he's come into the church and and now he's working his agenda. But how is he doing it with fallen angels, fallen Lutheran, fallen Methodists, fallen Pentecostals? See, and lost their original estate from the word of God. Can you say amen? What Luther taught, the L the Lutheran don't even believe anymore. And what Wesley taught and and was the the Wesians don't even believe that or resemble that. The Pentecostals don't even resemble. Amen. Even what what fell on Isus Street. They're dead as dead can be. Fallen angels. They're they're fallen from their estate. Can you say amen? And and Satan is taking this amen uh to to build his kingdom his kingdom with he said see uh uh so so fallen Lutheran fallen Methodist fallen Pentecostals we could say fallen uh uh uh it it doesn't matter if they're denomination or interdenomination they're fallen. See anything that is not with the word of God. Amen. And is stuck with that word of God. Amen. The original word of God is fallen. Ain't that right? See, but but he's taking this, Amen. and going right back in to make a great big ecomunical move. See, fallen messengers, messengers who once stayed with the word but sold out their birthrights and joined in with the world. The same thing, it's at the last days. See, and Lucifer is achieving today by man with those spirits in them. man anointed having these fallen spirits, evil spirits, religious, but yet within them working against the move of God. Amen. And they don't even know what they're doing. See, and so Lucifer is achieving today by men with those spirits in them that he did with angels at the beginning, fallen angels who kept not their first estate to obey God. And he's doing the same thing today. Can you say amen? See, he can't work with a person. Amen. That stays with the word. But he can work through a person who falls away from the word. Amen. So this this great falling away, Amen. as you can see, uh uh is is a is the result of of the working of Satan. Amen. And Satan is uniting all of his subjects under one headship. And that's his headship. A ain't that right? Now notice Peter, second Peter 3:17 gives the warning. He says, "Yefore, beloved, seeing you know these things before, beware lest also being a led being led away with the air of the wicked fall from your own steadfastness." Can you say amen? So, so this is not something that we take lightly. Amen. This falling away is a powerful thing. It's a it's a great force. And you all know that. And we we've all experienced people that once was was strong in this message. People that once proclaimed the message and look where they are today denying the very thing that they've uh that they claim to believe but fallen away. See? And and and so we we see this. So now we have a warning. Amen. We've been given this warning is is uh see that you know seeing that you know these things beware lest you also being led away with the heir of the wicked fall from your own steadfastness. Now in 1952, brother Brandham uh um he he said this. He said the hour has come for the falling away of the church. Notice a time where religion would spread the around the world without salvation. I've never read that before, brother Terry. But but that shows us what the fallen away is. Is religion spreading around the world without salvation? And and and we see that happening in this age. Never has it happened like in this age uh that we're living in. So what it tells us is a religion that is spreading around the world, but it's a powerless religion. And brother Brandham says any religion today that hasn't got Christ in it is powerless. Ain't that right? And he says God hates a powerless religion. Now when God first made man, he gave him uh dominion. Uh Genesis 1:26-28 says, "And God said, let us make man in our image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, and in the image of God created he him, male and female created the he them. God blessed them and said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth. Subdue it and have dominion." Have dominion. Everybody say, "Have dominion." Over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. So they were even to have power over that serpent. They were to have dominion over that serpent. They were they were able to have dominion o over uh Lucifer and the fallen angels. Amen. Over everything. Ain't that right? And so so for a time man walked uh on the earth uh with with uh uh authority. See, he was an amateur god. But what caused him to fall from that position? You see uh uh the prophet said he left the word. Everybody say he left the word. See he left the word. The word was his protection. The word was his defense. See the word is what upheld him just as it does the sun, the moon, the stars, this earth, the universe. Amen. The Bible says he upholdeth all things by the power of his word. See that? That word upheld Adam. Yeah. Uphelheld man. Ain't that right? Now, Adam didn't know what sin was. He didn't know what temptations was. He didn't know what sickness was and what mind battles was. He had never sinned. He had never had a carnal fallen sinful nature. He didn't know what it was to have a headache. He didn't know what it was to, you know, uh uh to go through things. And uh uh he he didn't have to battle Satan on a daily basis like we do today. See? Amen. And and he he he walked in authority because the word was his defense. The word was his his his protection. And and so therefore, there was nothing that Satan could do about it. Satan couldn't exercise his power. Amen. He didn't have Adam didn't have to worry about germs and and and lust and he didn't have to worry about all these things that that we do today. He was fortified. Can you say amen? Now, now thinking of that word, uh, brother Brandham in speaking of the f conflict that started in the garden, uh, uh, he said this, God knew God knew this great warfare was coming on. He knew it between right and wrong. He knew what the enemy was going to do because he needed someone to build the kingdom. Whatever Satan desired to have, he needed a people, a man, to work through something to do it. And so he knew, amen, what the enemy was going to do. And he knew just exactly how to equip his people. God knew just how to equip his people. Can you say amen? He said God knew what it took defeat to defeat Satan any time, any place, anywhere, on any condition. God knew that. You understand what I'm saying? So, so God knew that. So he gives gives Adam the the thing that that Adam needed that no matter where Satan came and how he came and and in what form he came Adam could defeat that devil in any place any time under any condition. Can you say amen? See, and so he God God didn't give man something and uh in the beginning say well here why don't you take this for now and and and you use that and then I will come when I come up with something better I'll give it to you make you a better man make you more fortified no now that that's the way we are right we've we've grown in our military we've grown in our our weaponry we've we've went from you know the uh the stone age and and uh the you know the sledge type thing and sticks and all that stuff to where we got the bows and arrows and then from there the musket and then the Springfield rifle and now we've got you know nuclear and and atomic and drones and and we we've got so much things. We've improved as time has has gone. Ain't that right? But but God Amen has never improved. Amen. He gave his children the best there ever could be right at the start. And brother Brown said that was an atomic weapon. The word of God. The word of God is is an atomic weapon. Ain't that right? So So he doesn't leave you defeated. He doesn't leave you with something. I know this is the greatest battle that that we're fighting is in this age. I know it's the most deceptive hour, the most evil age ever. that none of us are left defenseless because we've got the best there is. God knew his enemy. God knew what his enemy would do. He knew what he would be in this age. He knew his attack and he says, "I'll give him the best." Amen. That's right. So now, now he can give us the best to begin with because he's infinite and he knows all things. Ain't that right? So now he knew he knew that not that there might be a conflict. He knew that there was going to come an a conflict. God knew that there would be a warfare. Amen. Now, so brother Bram says God equipped his children with the right kind of ammunition, right kind of an attack, the right kind of everything that they had need of that would sweep them all the way from Eden to the rapture. Think of that. God gave them the best the best weapon that would would sweep them from Eden all the way to the rapture. And I'm telling you, we're living in a rapture age. We're not living living in Eden age. We're not living in the middle of the book. We're living in the end of the book. That's a rapture age. And God gave it. What God gave Adam, he gave us. Amen. Can you say amen? And brother Bram said, "What was it?" The word. Everybody say, "The word." That's what defeats Satan is the word. It'll defeat him anywhere, any place. See, in another place, he says, "See the word of God. There's no way around it. There's no way around the word of God." See, fortified. God fortifies you in behind that word to where there's literally no place that Satan can get to you. Amen. See, fortified all the way around everywhere. Thus said the Lord. Thus said the Lord. Thus sayth the Lord. Thus sayth the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. No matter where Satan comes, you're fortified by thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Can you say amen? See, he said, see, you're walking, you're talking, your business, your associating. See, and everything. Put the word of God first. Don't minimize the word. Put the word of God first. Every believer should read this Bible. Brother Brown said, "If you want to be a healthy Christian, read the Bible." God made sure that every every person or most most every person, he made sure that Americans got it for sure. The Bible, this is the most sold book ever is the Bible. Ain't that right? God made sure that the Bible got into the man man's hands. Amen. Now, Brother Brham said, "See, so put the word of God first." Say, "I believe I'll go tonight and this little dance just won't hurt anybody." Well, could you take Thus Seth the Lord with you? Can you take Thus Seth the Lord with you when you're looking at that phone on the internet? Can you take thus sayith the Lord with you when you go to different places out in the world? See See, you got to stay fortified. It it it it's a great falling away out there. Satan is working double time, but he's working through deception. You believe that? So he says, "See, I believe if I could pull this little deal, well, it's just a little shade little bit shady, but could you say thus sayth the Lord with it?" See, always take him first. Keep fortified, for he is our fortress. It's it's strange. See, so he says, "But do you know you have to ignore in order to believe the devil's lie? You have to ignore and deny God's truth first before you can believe the devil's lie. Think of that. He He didn't allow the serpent to come to Eve before he fortified her. He didn't say, "Oh my goodness, Satan is working on poor Eve. I better fortify her." No, she was already fortified. She had the ability to defeat that devil. That's right. So he says in order to believe the devil's lie, you have to ignore and deny God's truth first before you can believe the devil's lie. You have to deny the truth first before you can believe a lie. See? Right? Have to deny it. See, the people that walk away from this message, you know what? They have to deny first this vindicated word of God before they can uh accept the devil's lie. You understand what I'm saying? Now, God's already told us that by his stripes, we were healed. Amen. But you have to deny that promise in order to accept the devil's lie. It's true. Now, so they they you know, people have to do the same thing as Eve did in the beginning. Amen. See, now Eve was the weak link in the garden. She was a a byproduct of Adam. She wasn't in the original creation, but she was a byproduct. And Satan was able to lure her away from the protection of the word of God. And the prophet said right then, she lost the battle. Anytime Satan is able to lure you or I away from the promise of God, that's when we lose the battle. Amen. True. True. You'll lose the battle on your on your on your healing. You'll lose the battle on your salvation. You'll lose the battle on your deliverance. Whatever it is, you'll lose that battle. When you get lured from the word of God, ain't that right? So now, the prophet said Satan was standing out there shooting his targets, but she said, "But the Lord said." So notice how that is. So he shot his target. shot at his target, shot his whatever poison breath the prophet said in one place and she withtood it and said, "But the Lord said, but did Satan walk away?" Let me ask you, does he walk away from you? The prophet said he shot again? Yes. Ain't that right? He shot again in another way. But the Lord said, but Satan raised up back there and said, "But just wait a minute. If the Lord did say that, just let me tell you something." Now he's See, he he's doing it again. He's shooting again. He said, "See, let just let me tell you something." See, you're not wise like God. You don't know right from wrong. But see, listen. Wouldn't you love to be wise like God? Why? Eve said, "Yes, I believe I would." Uhoh. She should have said, "But the Lord said," she should have said, "But it's thus sayith the Lord." Ain't that right? See why Eve said, "Yes, I believe I would." Maybe something like that. I believe I would would like to know all the wisdom of God. I'd like to know what's right and wrong. I don't know it. Well, I'll tell you. Now he's going to be the interpreter. See, now you see. Well, I'll tell you. But she said, "But the Lord said, but surely you know he's a good God. He won't do that." And right there, she broke through uh broke the hole through so he could shoot. And right there, she made the wrong step. Right there, she stopped a little bit. Amen. Come on, church. And I know we get weary sometimes of the battles, but don't you stop for nothing. [Applause] Yes, sir. See, so the warfare came to Eve, came to her to see whether or not she would stand on what God had said. The prophet said, see, she turned aside just a moment to hear what Satan had to say. And he painted a picture so pretty to her till she actually thought it was the truth and she listened to him. See, so that's how the first sin got started. Right. And she lost the battle now. God didn't or uh intend for us to lose the battle. Right. That's right. Are you with me? So he said, "See, that's the only thing that the devil the devil wants you to do is just turn aside for just a few minutes." Oh my. He works on your reasoning. That is true. He paints the picture for you. And it could be anything. They don't love me. I'm just not accepted. I I'm just not wanted in the church. And God don't love me. Look where I'm at. I'm not even a Christian because I have fallen here. and I've done this and and he paints the picture. I'm going to die. The doctor says I'm going to die. My I feel like I'm going to die. See, he paints the picture. See, and he can make it so real. Now, he says, now he he can paint the picture and say, "Now look at here. You know, brother, you know, sister, if they were the right kind of people, they wouldn't do this. See, if they just did this right here, you know, well, see, he can make it so real to you until it becomes a real truth. Are you with me? He can make it like you're lost and until it becomes the truth to you. He can make it look like you're a victim instead of the victor until it becomes the truth. Amen. Amen. He can make it look like you'll always be sick. You'll always be in this condition and he can paint it so real till it becomes the real truth to you. See, he he he can make it so real to you uh until it becomes a real truth. That's right. But remember, it's the devil. That's right. Everybody say it's the devil. See, you you can't overcome until we recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. That's what a prophet said. He said, "I don't care how low down they are and how far they've stooped in sin. It's your business to put an arm around them and lift them up by the love of God. Where was you when the dove of God lifted you out of the miry clay?" Can you say amen? So don't ever stop for a second to listen to the devil. Amen. Amen. Brother Ram says, "Don't don't start to reason it out. Don't don't start to reason this word out. Well, I've been prayed for. I've I've I've said I'm going to be healed, and yet look at me. It's getting worse." Don't stop to reason it out. That's right. Don't stop cuz it's the devil coming to you. There's nothing negative in Christianity. Amen. Go ahead. Brother Bram says, "The moment you say that you're not a Christian," is the moment you're not a Christian. See, you've lost the battle. The moment you say, "Well, I'm not healed. I just don't know." That's the moment you've lost the battle. See, he says, "Don't start to reason it out." Because when you do that, the devil comes right in. Now, now I I I know that you give the devil an inch, he's going to take everything that you give him. And he comes in by force. Don't Don't play with your discouragement. Don't play with roots of bitterness. Don't play around with the gossip. Don't don't don't be part of things that the devil can entertain that gives him leeway to come into your your being. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? You cannot reason God. You cannot explain God. You cannot understand God. Isaiah 55:9 says, "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts." We may not understand why we go through trials. But it is not to up to us to reason why. Amen. All of these things out. It's up to us to trust God. I don't understand everything that I go through. Amen. But the moment that I start trying to reason it out, you understand what I'm saying? Is the moment the devil will try to tell me you're not doing any good, you're you're a failure, you're this, you're that, you're this, you're that. And how easy it is to listen to them things instead of just standing on God's word and said, "But thus sayeth the Lord." Amen. Because you start listening to these things. Are you with me? Yeah. So God says, "As as as as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways. My thoughts are higher than your thoughts." So don't think you can figure God out. Don't think you can explain God. You may not understand everything that you go through. Amen. Quit trying to understand it. Just believe. Amen. I know that's hard for us all. It's hard for me, but we got to believe. Amen. Quit trying to explain it. Quit trying not to trying to understand it with the carnal mind. That ain't the way it works. Are you with me? Brother Brandon said, "I can't explain God." Nobody can. I can't explain many things. But the only thing I just believe it because he said so. You will not be able to defeat the devil because you understand something based on your own knowledge. You figure it all out. you'll still not be able to defeat the devil. That makes it more easier for him to come in. But when you stand there and say, "I don't care what I I I can't explain it. I don't understand everything, but I believe God." God's word said this, "By his stripes, I'm healed. I don't understand why it's taken this long, but all I know, I'm healed." And stand there. Yes, sir. That's true. Don't try to. He said, "There's nothing. None of us can explain it." Don't try to explain it. Everybody say that with me. Don't try to explain it. Don't try to explain these things. See, don't get with these unbelievers who say, "Well, now look, your pastor out there, Junior, I hear him pray for the sick. Now you're all crazy down there. There's no such thing as divine healing." Say, "All right, there isn't for you then. You're an unbeliever." and just rock walk right on and know it's just for believers. I'm not going to sit there and try to explain. Well, now the reason why see God does these things in in certain ways and and I don't have to explain that. I'm just going to stay with God's word and said by his stripes I am healed. I don't care what you say. It must not be for you, but it is for me. I believe. All right. See, he said, "Well, you all say you've got the Holy Ghost. There's no such thing as the Holy Ghost." Well, just say back, "It isn't for you then, but it is for me." And just go on. See, we want to just tally around. We want to just sit around these unbelievers. Amen. And try to make them comfortable. Try to make them un understand. You can't make people understand. Amen. We couldn't even understand a lot of things, but we believe it. Amen. We believe it. Amen. You love the Lord. He said, "See, don't reason. Don't try to reason it. It hasn't got no reasoning. You just believe it. Don't reason a thing." Because remember, the only way that you can accept God is by faith. It's the only way you can accept your salvation, your victory, your deliverance, your healing, anything. The only way you can accept God is by faith. Amen. Not by reasons, not by understanding, not able to explain. You don't explain nothing. You believe something. Amen. We're not a bunch of explainers. We're a bunch of believers. You don't explain nothing. You believe something, not what you feel. We ain't a bunch of feelers. That was Pentecostals. Come on. Had to feel. Jesus never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" That's right. You just believe what God said. It's your only defense. You believe that? Amen. Well, you've been praying for your loved ones, getting worse. You've been praying for all these years. How's it ever going to happen? I don't have to explain to you devil how it's going to happen. I'm just staying with the word. When you stay with the word, you don't have to get weary about things. You don't have to worry about things. You don't have to be tossed through and fro. You just give it over to God. God said it. I believe it. That settles it. Can you say amen? So now how does a man become fortified with the word? When something changes within him. See the carnal man cannot be fortified with the word. The carnal mind doesn't can't be fortified with the word of God. But a man can only be fortified with the word of God when something changes within him. See, that's right. and and and and and so you know brother brother Brown said you know he likens it to a pig being changed over into a lamb. He said you take that he says now that's s that's impossible that just hard to believe but that's what's happened to us believers as Christians. There's literally been a change of nature, a change of of of habit, a change of thought, a change of desire. He says, "Our opinions have changed. Our desires, our nature, our will has changed. Everything about us that we used to be has changed. We used to be like that pig, but now we've been changed into a lamb." Can you say amen? See, he says, "Another life has come inside of us. Another spirit is now in us, and it bears forth another record." Yeah. He said, "Your old life has to die and the new one has to be born again. And then you're no more the creature you was at all." That's when you become behind the blood, fortified with the word. Don't try to explain nothing. Just believe it and go on. See, God had to change your way, change your nature, change your desire so you could just simply believe. Hallelujah. Hope you understand. That's right. Believe it. Believe it and go on. Lord, I believe. Savior, raise my faith in thee till it can move a mountain. Lord, I believe. For all my doubts are buried in the fountain. See, the sinner can't be fortified with the word. Amen. See, because his nature is is a carnal nature. The carnal mind, the Bible says, is immity against God. It is not subject to the word of God, the law of God, and neither indeed can be. But a man that's been changed can take that word and fortify. He don't need new explanations. He doesn't need new ideas. He doesn't need anything else. He's satisfied with the word that has been given. Praise God. Amen. Can you say amen? A man can be a church member. That don't matter. He can be the most educated in in the Bible and know the Bible backward and forward by knowledge, but that doesn't matter. Can you say amen? If he hasn't received a new birth, he will always side with the enemy when he comes. That's right. That's what you That's what you're seeing now with people falling away from this message. They never had a new birth to begin with. They never had it to begin with. And Satan began to work on them and work on them and work on them. And instead of sin, but Satan, it's written. Amen. It's written. Amen. That vindicated uh uh uh that picture right there is vindication enough for me, but everything else that has God has vindicated this message over and over and over and over and over again. I'm not going to listen to your negative. It's written. But the carnal mind can never go that way. It wants to reason. Amen. And thus the great falling away takes place. We are, as I've said, we are in the greatest conflict ever known to mankind. Now listen, this conflict isn't to destroy you. This conflict is to see what you are. Remember, they will prove who they are. They shall be strong. Right? proving themselves of who they are. See, un unmovable, established, well established. So this conflict is to see what you really are. It's to see whether or not you will stay with the word or listen to the devil's lie. Now, God ain't worried about his own. God ain't worried about losing his own. Jesus already said, "All that the father give me, I've not lost a one. I will not lose a one. That's right. Amen. Another place that the Bible says, "And the foundation of the Lord standeth sure. The Lord knoweth them that are his." All that the father hath given me will come to me. So it's it's not it's not about, oh, God just wondering who you really are. It's proven to the devil who you are. He might have made them angels fall out there. He may have made Adam fall. He may have made Israel fall. He had made He might have made uh uh the the the the the first church fall. Amen. Down through the ages. But there is a bride in this age that will not fail. Ain't going to fall. Ain't going to fall. Can you say that with me? I ain't going to fall. I'm not part of that falling away. We're not falling away. Can you say amen? We may be getting few in number, but we are not falling away. We're just as strong as strong can get. We are as that Caleb that says, "I am 80 years old, but I'm just as strong as I was." Amen. When God Moses gave me the promise, give me my mountain. You believe it? Now, listen. I I I read this. I was listening to to Brother Brandham today and and and this really struck home. But brother Brandham says, "Many times, God lets us when we get all bound up with the world bound up." Notice that many times God lets us when we get all bound up with the world bound up, he lets the fiery test come upon us where we have to make a decision. Have you ever been in there sometimes? Not not not not uh um meaning to Amen. We we get caught up in things and before you know it, we'll slack off on this and we'll slack off on this and we start getting carnal. We start this. But notice God's love to us. He sends the fire our way to make us make a decision. H Have you ever been there, buddy? I sure have, where the fire gets so hot and finally you just say, "Oh, God, I want you more than anything else. I I I ain't got anything to go back to." Come on, church. Amen. where we have to make a decision. And when we do that, the only thing the test can do when a real seed of Abraham is standing at the crossroads of decision, he makes his decision to serve God. It can only cut the bands loose and make us free. Lordise, have you experienced them things? Or maybe I'm just speaking Greek. He makes us have to make decisions just like them angels had to make a decision, just like Eve had to make her decision, just like Israel had to make and just like the people in this day are making decisions. And yet, when it looks like the world has got us, when it looks like Satan has able to finally convince us to go and walk away, God puts us to a decision. But there's something down inside that says, "God, I choose you. God, I want you. I want life. I want the promises. Oh, God, consume me. And only the conflict." Amen. The things that you're going through can only make you loose. Praise the Lord. Make you free. Think of that. A people that should be world bound, should be hellbound, and yet we're stronger than ever. Praise the Lord. Brother Bram said, "Satan might give you a disease. He might give you one thing or another. How you know it's not God got you on the crossroads to see what kind of decision you're going to make? I know God could heal in a heartbeat, but but what what if it's God there putting that fire upon you? Amen. To see what kind of decision you're going to make. See if you're going to cower down to his word. See if you're going to stop testifying when the symptoms are there and the doctor is telling you one thing and you're praying and God ain't answering. Are you going to stop your testifying? Are you going to stop your worship? Are you going to stop your believing? Are you going to accept the devil's lie or what are you going to do? It's a conflict. I look at believers who have gone through things and I see them going through things because it's a sometimes it's in the physical or sometimes you see the fire and the and the things that they're going through. It's hot. Yes, sir. They magnify more to me as a believer because of their stand and their faithfulness and their their their perseverance than the one believer that says, "Oh, I, you know, that claims he's believing. He's all that and everything's a bed of roses." Can you say amen? When the fire gets upon us and the and the testing gets hot and God allows Satan to put us through the meal, Amen. and work upon us in the physical and in our spirit realm. Now, he can't work upon your soul. That's right. That soul belongs to God. That soul is sealed up. He can work on your emotions. He can work on your your memory. He can work on your conscience. He can work on these five senses. He can work on everything. But down in that soul is a germ seat of God that just refuses, Amen. to listen to the devil's lie. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. I hope this all right. The Bible tells us that the bride of this last day will overcome. The infinite God with an infinite mind has already declared. He knows the end from the beginning. And he's already told us that there will be a bride in this last day overcome. She will be found without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. Which means she will be under the blood. Can you say amen? Not because she's a sinless bride in the in the sense that she doesn't make mistakes and she doesn't have blunders and all that, but it just simply means she never left the blood. She never forsook the blood. She never fell away. Amen. To walk away from the atonement and walk away from the blood. Amen. And counted the blood of Christ as though it's nothing. She's found her protection under the blood. She will be found without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. Can you say amen? and she will be fortified by the word of God. Revelations 22:17 says, "The spirit and the bride say come." The prophet said this, "Listen to God's authenticating prophet." Ain't that right? For what he says will come from God. and and and and I'm just uh uh uh uh just quoting uh uh paraphrasing it, you know, and and and but he says this, "The spirit and the prophet and the bride will be saying the same thing." Shows that she never fell from her first estate, showing that she's never, Amen. given in Satan's lie, but she's staying with God's word. Whatever God says, Amen. what God said through that prophet, she believes and she says it. Amen. I know they try to get us to quit quoting the prophet and you're quoting quotes too much and you're this and you're this that. I don't care. I'll say what a prophet says anytime. Can you say amen? I believe what a prophet says. Do you believe that? Amen. The only reason why that Abraham could look for a city whose builder and maker was God is because he believed what God said. If you don't believe what God said, you you won't look for such things. But she'll stay with the word. So this tells us that the bride is resisting the devil's lie and will continue to resist the devil's lie. Can you say amen? In other words, see, she's she the only way you can accept the devil's lie is disbelieve God's word. She's believing God's word. She does it by choice. She's not considering what other people are saying. She's not considering, Amen. the fact that people are walking away. She's convinced in thus sayaith the Lord for this age. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Say this last day Eve, the bride of Christ will not do as the first Eve did. Remember the first Eve hybrid the word to something else and she fell. It's what a prophet said. But brother Ram said, "But the unadulterated word of God will be born into that church and she'll stand like Jesus Christ did with his spirit anointing in his word." She will stand in this day like Jesus Christ did. With his spirit anointing in his word. Well then, how did Jesus Christ stand? Remember when Satan came to him and tempted him? Tempted him. Jesus said what it is written. Thus sayeth the Lord. You say, "Well, brother Ram said he didn't have say thus sayith the Lord." He just spoke it. Well, you know, you get what I'm saying. He spoke the word. Amen. It is written. Whatever the prophet says, Jesus so believed it, he just quoted a prophet. If Jesus could quote prophets, we can quote prophet. Amen. Can you say amen? See, so Satan was questioning who Jesus was. If thou be, if thou be, if thou be. Trying to get him to doubt who he was and was trying to get him to prove who he was. You see, Satan was treating Jesus like a little child. Now you all know you get little children. You may say, "Oh, you can't run fast." Yes, I can. No, you can't. And the first thing you know, he's out trying to He's running as fast as he can to prove to you he can run, right? You get these teenage boys sometimes, oh, you're not strong. Oh, yeah. Oh my. And they'll go pick the heaviest thing up. Jesus. They don't care about it breaking their back. They're just out to prove they're strong. Yeah. Right. There. There's some guys that still that way in their 30s and 40s and 50s. Still prove it after they're the man of the hour. I ain't got to prove nothing. I just give them the sledgehammer and let them do it. Right. Yeah. I just give them the gloves and let them pick it up and just say, "Don't hurt your back." "Hurt my back? What do you mean? That hurts the ego." But they're out to prove they're tough. See, and and Satan was thinking Jesus was just like that little child. If thou be, prove it. I don't think you are. So, prove it to me. But Jesus didn't have to prove nothing. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? See, so he tried to that with Christ, but he soon realized, notice, he soon realized that Jesus knew who he was. Jesus didn't have to heal the sick to prove that he was the Messiah. That's not why he healed the sick. He didn't make the bread or turn the water into wine to prove that he was it. He knew he was it. Praise the Lord. Can you say amen? So he knew that he didn't have to prove nothing to the devil. Notice the prophet said he relied upon what he was. Are you with me now? Why? He was the word. Amen. He relied upon what he was. He relied in knowing that he was the word and he had faith in God who made him the word. He was God the word and they was in him and that gave him faith because he understood his position. Not understood by carnal mind, understood by revelation. Amen. He knowed what he was because the scripture said, "Ain't that right? He was this." And here, every scripture tied in to prove that he was exactly what the scripture said he would be. And he knew what he was. Therefore, he relied upon what God made him. He didn't have to prove nothing. He was confident in who he was. He relied upon the word of what the word the prophet said he what he was. Are you with me? Fortified, right? So he a he overcome the devil with the word that had been revealed to him. He had an understanding of what the word said about him. Sure did. Can you say amen? Now, if he was one that was wondering who he was, if he was wondering, you know, you know, if he was the one that was tossed to and fro and upsy turvy and and and you know, and oh, oh, God, I I don't know if I'm really that Messiah, would you would you just would you would you show me? Would you give let me feel it? Would you let me do this? Well, then it would have been a different story. Come on. But he relied upon what he was. He didn't need need a new revelation. He didn't need somebody to lay hands on him and and and prophesy over him and have a dream of him and a vision of him. The word said what he was and he believed it. That's it. Are you with me? See, now Satan has proved that he has knowledge of the word. For he quoted what he God said to Eve, did he not? He quoted verbatim what God said to Eve. And now there at at Jesus when he tempted Jesus, he quoted the scripture to Jesus. He wasn't the word, but he was quoting the word to the one that was the word. He He had knowledge. He had knowledge of what that Bible says. He still does. Ain't that right? So he knows the word of God. But Jesus knew the word differently than the way Satan knew the word. Satan knew the word by knowledge. Right? Now notice, Brother Brandham said, "Satan knew the word." Oh, now he could quote that scripture, boy, just like a walking Bible. He could just quote it like that. But Jesus stood still for he knew where he was standing. Amen. He knowed that he was predestinated. He knowed he was the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. He knowed he was that person. Oh, oh, brother. He says, "He that has an ear, let him hear." He know that he was predestinated for that. And that's the way he knew the word. just not by knowledge, but he knew the word in a way that he could see himself in the book. Yes, sir. He knew his position. Satan knew it by wisdom and it failed. He quoted the same word Jesus quoted the same Bible. He quoted from Psalms. See, he will give. It's written. Satan said he will give his angels charge concerning you, lest at any time you dash your foot against a stone and they bear thee up. But Jesus said, "And it's also written." See, Satan knowed it by knowledge. But Jesus knowed it by experience. He know it by revelation. He knowed that he was that son of God that was to come into the world. He knowed his standing. He knowed he was born in this world for that purpose. And that's the reason the word of God could work through him because he knowed what he was. Another place he said he had faith in what he was. And if you are a believer, you have faith in what you are. How do I know what I am? The word says what I am. And I rely upon that as a believer. Oh, do you love him? Oh, I hope you understand. I'm I'm going to quote or quit. But brother Brandham said, "Now see the Bible, well, Paul tells us in Ephesians that God chose us before the foundation of the world." Do you believe that? He he he chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. Brother Brandon picks up on that and says, "Now there was some part of me, Orman Neville, and the rest of you all here that's in Christ Jesus before the world began." And here's to my analysis of that. I think that the people today that are possessed with this spirit or the spirit, a part of these angelic beings, spirits which rotated off God that never fell in the beginning and resist resisted the devil's lie in heaven. So you've got representation. Can you say amen? In God's mind, you never fail. You resisted the devil's lie. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Now, here we are in this body of sinful flesh. The battles and the temptations and all that proven to the devil that we aren't like Eve. We aren't like the fallen angels. We aren't like all those that have fallen away. And we aren't like those that are falling away in this great falling away. Can you say amen? Amen. See, listening to the lies of the devil, we and and and but we are the bride of Christ, standing strong. Hallelujah. Standing like Jesus did. Amen. Can you say amen? Lord. Now, we're not facing the devil like Eve did. She faced him without having a sinful nature. She faced him without know having known sin. She wasn't dealing with symptoms and pain and anguish. She wasn't dealing with loneliness and a broken heart. She wasn't dealing dealing with nervousness and heart condition and Parkinson's and arthritis and and and bone disease and cancer and mental ill all these things. See, she but all the same all the same she listened to the lie of the devil by reasoning. Think about that. Amen. Ain't that right? That is true. Now, I'll tell you, the devil will use the doctor's report against you. Sure, he can. He will use your feelings against you. He will use the symptoms that you have against you. He will use what the neighbor said against you. He will use the events of the day against you of what happened. He will use things against you. Can you say amen? He will even use facts against you. And as if the musicians will come, I'll give you a hope that I am closing. He will use facts against you. Now, I was listening to wisdom versus faith. I've been listening to that this week. But brother Brandman talking that in that message and he's talked about it several times, but he talked about the vision that God gave him of killing the caribou and that uh silver tip grizzly bear and he was supposed to went overseas and it didn't work out. God gave him the vision or dream already showed him that it wouldn't work out. Da da da. And God sent him. He said, "God sent me to British Columbia." And he went on a hunt. And he knew he knew that this was the trip. Somehow he knew that he this was the trip that that vision of him killing the caribou and grizzly would happen. When he got up there, he told his guide, which was Bud U, I can't remember his last name, Southwick. Bud Bud Southwick. He was a young Christian man, but he told him of this vision. Of course, uh, the guy noticed the guy told him, "I have never seen a silver tip in all my life. I've been raised here. I've been here all my life. I've never seen one." And he says, "And besides, we're going up into sheep country on horses. There's no silver tips. He says, "You ain't going to get it up there." See, Brother Brandon says, "Trying to move away to reason." Now, Satan, but brother, brother Bud didn't know what was happening, but Satan was working through brother using the words of that brother Bud was saying. Now, Brother Bud Southwick, he was he was stating facts, right? There ain't no grizzly bears up here. It's it's it's and and and Bud is it's impossible. And Satan through them words was trying to get brother Brandham to reason. Yeah. Right. Right. Trying to get move away. And Satan said to me, "Well, maybe you just misunderstood the vision, but I didn't. It's going to be thus saith the Lord. And when the caribou came up and we got that which was in the vision as you all know then the guide said to me fine brother Brandham to be with him now in a few weeks a fine fine brother uh young Christian. He said, "Brother Brandham, my brother had epilepsy, and you rolled up there on that horse that day and told me a certain thing to do, and my brother's epsily would cease." And he said, "And when I did exactly what the Holy Spirit told you to tell me, he's never had a spell from that day." He says, "Now we're here on top of this mountain, and for three miles right down, there's not even a bush 4 in high, nothing but caribou moss and a few blueberries, and they only get two or three in high." And he says, "Caribu moss and blueberries pro plumbed to the timber line, and our horses were hitched in the timber line. And now according to what you told me before we come here that somewhere between here and that boy stand is standing. See for where that boy is standing they could see him miles away. See and with that chicken shirt on you're going to kill a 9- foot silver tipped grizzly bear. I said that's thus sayeth the Lord. See what was it? Satan was trying to get me to disbelieve that. Amen. Sure. We started down the mountain. The closer we got, he kept saying, "Brother Brandon, we're only about a mile away from it now." I said, "Are you doubting, bud?" Oh, not at all. See, we got within a half a mile. And he said, "We're only a half a mile now." I said, "That's right. Just" and he says, "Just thinking a half a mile. See, casting down reasonings." And he said, "Look, we can see everything right before us. There's nothing out here." But I said the God who gave me the word can create one out there. He refused to reason with it. Don't reason. Just believe it. Don't pay any attention to reasons. That has nothing to do with it. Just believe what he said. That's all. He said, "I was standing there and looked up on the hills everywhere. Just yellow caribou moss, the sun going down, heels, beautiful. You could see any little spot anywhere for three miles up the mountains right above me. And when I turned to look about 2 miles ahead of me or a mile and a half, two mile stood a 9 foot silver tip grizzly. How? Notice what brother Brandon said. How did he got there? I don't know. But he was there. Hallelujah. He never let reasoning get to him. Never let the devil convince him. Well, maybe I am wrong after all. No, he stayed with thus sayith the Lord. He taught us stay with thus sayith the Lord. If the vision about that is right, then you know the revelation that God gave him is right. Stay with that revelation. Do you love him? Oh my my my giving [Music] up. Oh, sing it now. Well, I'm not giving up. I'll not turn [Music] around the starry crown someday. And I'll keep holding on to that nail scarred hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Sing that verse now. I've been walking through the valley, through this spell of tears. Times I even question if my Lord was even near. And then at times that old tempter says, "Why not turn around? You can't get any further because you're just you're losing ground." And it may seem like it, but I'm not giving up. It may seem like I'm not going to make it. It may seem like I'm just going backwards. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on to that NAS guard hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Oh, now would you mind to tell me? See, there's been something bothering me. Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? You see, he has purpose and he's determined to get right in our way to turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I say I'm not giving up. Oh, and I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. I'm going to have a theophony body. And oh, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to that nail scarred hand. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep hold. Oh, let the redeemed say it again. Yes, I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning round. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear that shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on to his nail scarred hand. And I'm not giving up no. Can we sing that second verse? Oh, now would you mind to tell me? See, there's been something bother me. Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? You see, he has purpose and he's determined, oh, to get right in our way and turn us from the way of life and lead our soul. But we're fortified by that word and we're not giving up. No sir, I'm not turning round. By the grace of God, I'll wear the shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on to that nail scarred hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Sing the last plans. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Sing that again. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Can you just worship the Lord? Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you're one of them that's resisted the devil's lie in the beginning? You're one of those in God's mind. Hallelujah. The word is written about you. Hallelujah. You understand your position in God's word. Bless the name of the Lord. Well, I love him. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, I don't know what song to sing. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. We can sing that with joy. Well, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at Pentecost, which cleansed and made them clean, it is burning now within my heart. A glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm not the one that fell away. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, though these people may not learn to be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name and are telling now both far and wide. His powers yet the same. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, they were gathered in the upper room praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and power for service came. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I could say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless the name of the Lord. I love him for he is mine. [Music] I love him for he is divine. Oh, I love him forever. He's true. He is Jesus who died for me. Sing it once again now. Oh, I love him for he is mine. I love him for he is divine. Oh, I love him forever. It's true. He is Jesus who died for me. As they just play softly, God bless you is our prayer. Remember, the only way you'll defeat the devil in your life when he comes to you is by the word of God. Stay with the word. Don't get bored with it. Don't let this message become nonchalant to you. Amen. Brother Bram said that's the tactic of the devil is to get us to doubt our weapon. He'll get us to reason with it. He'll get us to undermine it. He'll just get it get us to where we just cast it aside and think it's worthless. But you remember this, it's worth everything to us because that's the only way that's the only way we'll defeat the enemy. And God gave it to us that we may not be part of this falling away. God bless you. Love you. Remember service uh Sunday. I guess Sunday will be Easter Sunday. And uh we look for God to be with us and may God be with you as you go home. Amen. remember those that are sick. And I just ask that you would pray for each one that are working continuously these next two three weeks uh in the meeting. And uh if if anything, prayer, we just prayer works and we just need prayer. We need it. Can you say amen? So God bless you. Amen. Amen. Brother Amos, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? Our precious heavenly father God. [Music]
