################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Brother Daniel Martin Walking In The Light of His Word Pt. 2 - Daniel Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-30
Title:    Brother Daniel Martin "Walking In The Light of His Word" Pt. 2
Speaker: Daniel Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YzvQADD76s
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey, doing crack. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Turn [Music] [Music] God, you are Higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, our God. Water you turned into wine. Oh, you opened the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Can we stand and sing it? Oh yes. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Sing it again. Our God. Yes. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Water you turned into wine. Oh, open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Do you believe that this morning? Oh, none like you. Oh yes. Into the darkness you shine. Oh, and out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. And if our our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, then what could stand against? If our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? What could stand against? [Music] Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Amen. Can you give the Lord some praise this morning? Oh my. He's awesome. Amen. He's our healer this morning. Do you believe that? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will to to invite the Lord's presence. [Music] within the service minds. [Music] Amen. I'm not giving up. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. And by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nails guard hand. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Well, I've been walking through the valley. Oh, through this veil of tears and times I've even questioned even if my Lord was near. Well, then at times that old tempter says, "Why not turn around?" Oh, you can't get any further because you're just losing ground. But I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nails guard hands. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Now, would you mind to tell me? You see, there's been something bothering me. Why is that old devil just won't let God's children be? Do you see is purposed and determined to get right in the way and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I'm not giving up. You're going to keep going on. I'm not turning around. And by the grace of God, I wear a shining crown. Someday, well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nail scarred hands. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Now would you mind to tell me? There's been something bothering me. Why is that old devil just won't let God's children be useless purpose and determined to get right in the way and turn us from the way of life and lean? Can you just turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand and say, "I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday." Well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nail scarred hand. Well, I'm not giving up. Go. I'll keep holding. One more time as they come for the offering. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. And by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on to the nails guard hands. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Amen. Brother Tim [Music] This little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Till Jesus comes. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine till Jesus comes. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh yes. Now this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Yes, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, don't let Satan blow it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, don't let Satan blow it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Let it. If you're not ashamed this morning, sing it with all your hearts. Oh, yes. Now, this little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. This is my m. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it one more time. Oh, yes. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. You're going to let it shine this morning. Amen. You made a way when you give it a try. Amen. We're going to try a a newer song. Me and U. Britney sang it together here, but we're going to try to sing it um all of us together. Oh, you you you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made a way. Can we sing that again? Oh yes, you you made a [Music] way. Yes, you made a way. when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way and we're standing here only because you made. Sing it with all your heart. Oh yes, you made a way when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. But you you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made. You've moved mountains. You move mountains. Oh, you cause walls to fall. And with your power, you perform miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you made a way. Oh, you move mountains. You cause walls to fall. And with your power, you perform miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you've made a way. Oh yes, you made a way. Do you believe that this morning when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way and we're standing here only because you made your way. Sing it again. Oh, you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made a ways. they would just play softly. Now, we've got uh several uh written prayer requests this morning. Amen. Um we want to uh remember uh Brother Amos and Sister Lisa. Amen. They're ministering there for uh Brother Gordon. They're in Lynchburg. Amen. So, let's just keep them in our prayers this morning. Also, we want to um keep uh Sister Brookie and and the kids. Wyatt and Carson have been sick, but they're all not feeling well this morning. I've been throwing up all night last night. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. Sister Hope is sick this morning. And uh Sister Bethany not feeling well and uh that sickness is just trying to get around. Brother Bill, it's really good to have him this morning, but he's been sick. Amen. And I'm I'm glad he's feeling a lot better. Amen. Uh we want to uh keep Sister Brenda in our prayers. She goes in for uh uh an for eye surgery on Thursday and then a week later uh supposed to go in and do the other eye. So let's just pray that the doctors will the Lord will just guide their hands. Amen. And everything will be okay. Also, we uh want to make mention of the Britain family. I believe I'm I'm saying that right. Um their son passed away in a car accident on Thursday. Amen. He uh he was just 20, I believe. So, let's just uh keep them in our prayers. Um I believe he went to um I don't know if the whole family went to brother Barry's or just him, but uh we want to keep them in our prayers with with the loss of this young man. Amen. And we want to keep uh uh dad and the family in our prayers as they're there in Oklahoma. We've been uh streaming the services there at night and they just uh seem to be just having a good time and the Lord just moving in a special way. So, let's just keep them um in our prayers this morning as they would be traveling home. Amen. And we want to keep Sister Ryanna in our prayers that the Lord would just give her safe travels. I believe she went to brother Donniey's to the banquet there. So, let's just keep her in our prayers that the Lord would protect her on her way home. Amen. And Sister Kim Brunfield um has an urgent prayer request. Amen. Asking the will of the Lord. So, let's just keep that request there in our prayers this morning. Amen. Maybe we could ask Brother Terry if he would come and lead us this morning in our prayers. Amen. How many has an unspoken request to lift your hands? Amen. And we've got a lot of needs this morning, but we serve a risen savior. Amen. Let's bow our heads as we look to the Lord in behalf of these deeds. Father, as we come before you, I think about that song that we just finished singing. Certainly, you made a way and we were born with our backs up against the wall, as we would say, and had no hope in this life. But Father, we're so thankful that you put that representation down in our soul. Even that seed of life, that germ of life that came from you was dormant for many years. But when the light of this end time gospel, the present day truth, when it struck that seed, it came to life. And how thankful we are. How thankful we are to have that life that was in us and now it's come to life. And we are not only recipients, Lord, of eternal life, but we've been granted the ability to by your grace to live that life, a life worthy of the gospel. Thank you for this end time message. It means so much to us, Lord. We just thank you with all of our heart how graceful you've been. We think about these requests. We're going to uh bring them before you. Thanksgiving. Pray God that you'll touch Janice. We know she's going for eye surgery. And I know that the Lord we we know that the prophet taught us that all healing comes from God. The Bible teached that. But we know also that God heals through medicine. He heals through doctors. Even heals through music. But all healing comes from you. So whatever avenue, Lord, that you would choose. So let your children be made well. God, we know that all healing comes from you. And we just pray that it will be successful be with her, Sister Hope. those that were sick that been requested their names and have been mentioned and the the young brother that passed home and caused a car accident. I know that's so sad, Lord, to lose one that young and unexpected situations such as that. But Lord, you promise to be an everpresent help in a time of trouble. We pray for the services out there. Brother Sean, give them traveling mercies and when they return back home, Sister Ray, bless her down there at the services and so forth. Lord, each of these requests, you're so good to us, Lord. We we know that when we pray, you said, "Ask, believe, and don't doubt. You can have soever whatsoever things you desire when you pray." And he said, "Ask abundantly that your uh prayers may be answered that your faith would be um we would have faith." The Lord, we think about even he asked the question, "Will I find faith when I return?" And the prophet god said, "Faith has been restored by the seventh angel messenger." So, there is faith. There's faith in the building this morning. We believe your word. We don't if we don't believe we shouldn't even pray. But we believe that you'll hear and answer these requests. Bless our speaker this morning. Give him words to speak whatever laid on his heart to say Lord. May it just come Lord with the anointing of the Holy Spirit that may our hearts be anointed receive. And may when we leave the bill and say it's been good to be in the house of God. May you grant these things Lord we give you praise. The other requests that I didn't mention, it's already been mentioned. You bring them to pass. We'll give you praise for it in Jesus name. Amen. Your backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way. And we're standing here only because you've made a way. Can we sing it again? Oh, you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made Sister Alice, do you have a song for us, Brother Terry? Oh, you made a way. You can be seated this morning. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made way. Amen. Do you believe him to be a way maker this morning? Amen. I'm so glad he made a way. I hate to sing the same song twice in the same year, but I trust that you'll it' be a blessing to you. But brother, they asked brother a question. I think it's question answer 64 is what is the mystery of the translation of the bride? He said just a change. Just a change. Well, it's not exactly quite that simple, but yet it is that simple. These atoms will be changed in a moment, a twinkle of an eye, just a change. That is a mystery of the translation of the bride, key of C. In the Bible, we are told of an angel to behold. Yeah, it's a prophet sent to change the course of man. Oh, in a lowly place of birth came a light down to the earth, for it was proof of mighty gift. are blessed our land. Oh now the time of change is here and the sign he said was clear that when a stake was driven down into the ground for he was told to travel west that a people might be blessed it was a season that the thunders were to sound. I'm telling you, there'll be a change after a while. Or when I wear a frown, we'll wear a smile. Oh, we may suffer pain or loss. But Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change after a while. The price of change was high and cost and died at all that total loss when the angel put his feet in land and sea. But the bride was washed in bleach. Put our sins far out of reach. Now the virgin bride's absolutely free. I'm telling you there'll be a change after a while. Now we are wear a smile we'll wear. Oh, we may suffer pain or loss. But Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change after. The rapture call has dawn gone out and saw the cloud and heard the shout. We're looking for our change just any day. Oh my brotherless, while I sing the word inside you is a thing. It'll take us home, my friend. No matter what they say, I'm telling you there'll be a change after a while. We now wear a frown. We'll wear a smile. Oh, we may suffer pain or loss, but Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change. That we might have a change. That we might have a change. [Music] After man, do you believe that this morning? Amen. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Changed from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, we shall be changed. Yes, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal to immortality in a twinkling of as brother Josiah comes. Oh yes, we shall be changed. Yes, we shall be changed. Oh, change from this mortal to immortality in a twinkling of with all your heart. Oh yes, we shall be changed. Yes, now we shall be changed. Changed from this mortal immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. Will soon be changed. Amen. [Music] There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. whom they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. Powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. Come, my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep the soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. [Music] Amen. Do you believe you're one of them this morning? Amen. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Can we sing that song? Um, there's nothing like the presence. Oh, there's there's there's there's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, I'm [Applause] healed in his presence. Oh, I'm saved. In his presence, I'm forgien. I am not the same. Oh, I'm changed forever in his presence. Can we stand tonight this morning? There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the [Music] Lord. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. with all your hearts. Oh, I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm saved in his presence. Oh, I'm forgive and I am not the same. Oh, I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm safe in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord this morning. Amen. Can we just sing that song? Create in me a clean heart. [Music] Oh [Music] God and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me. Oh yes. Create me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away. Oh yes. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me, oh the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Sing it again. Oh, just cast me not away from thy presence. Oh Lord, is that your desire this morning? Take not thy holy spirit from me. Oh restore unto me. for the joys of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me as they would just play softly. Can we just bow our hearts this morning? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we feel your presence here this morning, Lord. Lord, we ask, Lord, that you would just walk down these aisles, Father. Lord, I pray that you would just speak to every heart this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray, Lord, that you would just draw us closer to you, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would heal every broken heart this morning. Father, Lord, as we come this morning, Lord, to minister your word, Father, Lord, I pray that you would just speak through me, Lord, this morning. And Lord, I pray that you would just speak to the hearts of your people, Father, is our prayer. Lord, we just count it an honor to be here this morning, Lord. And Father, Lord, we just love you. We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done. We ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. If you would just have your Bibles this morning, we go right into the word. Amen. The musicians can be dismissed. [Music] Amen. Man, did you enjoy my wife's playing this morning? Amen. She said she was real nervous this morning. Amen. Amen. But if we could turn to uh John chapter 8. Amen. It's u I just count it an honor to be here this morning and to uh minister the word to you. I I pray that you can find it a blessing this morning. Amen. If we could turn to uh John chapter 8 and I'd like to read to also in Ephesians but John chapter 8 and verse 12 says then spake Jesus again uh unto them saying I am the light of the world and he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness but shall have the light of life. Amen. And if we could also turn to Ephesians chapter 5. Amen. We are all familiar with these verses. But Ephesians chapter 5 and verse 8 is for it says, "For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of light." Amen. For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the world in the Lord. Walk as children of light. Amen. I ask the Lord to have the blessings over the word. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. If I were to uh give a title this morning, I would like to uh title it uh walking in the light of his word uh part two. Amen. And if I had a uh uh would take a maybe another uh um I'd like to continue the thought I had last time we had ministered uh but maybe take it a different direction this morning. Amen. Last time uh we had talked on walking in the his light. Amen. Of his word and how God was moving down through the ages. Amen. and is now shining his light right here in these last days. Amen. Making his word manifest and a little bright this morning. Amen. And as long as we're walking under his light, then we don't have to fear. Amen. We as long as we're walking under the light of his word, we don't have to wander aimlessly and and wander around. Amen. But his light has shone in this day. Amen. But we can lift our heads up high knowing that we're not walking under Luther's light. Amen. We can lift our heads up high knowing we're not walking under Wesley's light. Amen. Amen. But we're walking under the light of the message for this day and age. Amen. And if I would maybe take a thought this morning, maybe a subtitle, I'd like to maybe uh title, we are a reflection of his light. Amen. Now, we are a reflection of his light. And Matthew 5:13 says, "Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost his savor, wherewith shall it be salted?" Amen. It is thenforth good for nothing but to be cast out and be trodden underfoot of men. Amen. So if the So if the salt has lost its purpose, Amen. If it's as lost as purpose, then it's good for nothing. Amen. And with salt, that's good for nothing. We throw it out. And and it says that it should be trotten under men's foot. But verse 14 says, "Ye are the light of the world, a city that is set on a hill that cannot be hid." Amen. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Amen. So, if you're going to light up the house, what good would it be to to hide it under a bush? Or what what good would it be to to try and cover the light if you're trying to use it to light up the house? Amen. But you would place that light. You would place that candle where it can be seen. You would place it in the forefront so it could shine forth its light to all those that are in the house. Amen. In verse 16 says, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven." Amen. So here Jesus is saying that we are the light of the world. Amen. We shine as lights in this world of darkness. Amen. Amen. Excuse me. Amen. and that we must shine our light among men that they may see our good works. Amen. And whose light are we reflecting? Amen. Whose light are we reflecting this morning? We're supposed to reflect Christ. Amen. In our opening scripture there, we read in John where Jesus says, "I am the light of the world, and he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." And we read where Jesus says that ye are the light of the world. Amen. Jesus here saying, "But I am the light of the world." And then later he says, "But you are the light of the world." Amen. So we are reflecting his light. We're supposed to be a reflection of the light that he is shining in this day. Amen. So, so we're not just reflecting any old light. Amen. This morning, but we are reflecting Jesus Christ to all those that are around us. Amen. Now, we are in this age, as brother Brandham says, an advertisement. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. We are an advertisement. And Amen. You can't almost go anywhere without seeing somebody advertise something. Amen. They've got signs posted in every street corner advertising every business and and everything. And and you know, they could be advertising food. They could be advertising gas down the road. They be be advertising a hotel or or or someone selling jewelry or clothing or anything that you can think of. They're trying to advertise it. They're trying to catch your attention. Amen. And they're advertising on huge billboards. Amen. Someone that's going to advertise their business isn't going to advertise on a little old sticker. Amen. They're not going to put it on a little sticker and hide it somewhere, but they're going to advertise as big as they can go. Amen. So that you could see so they could reflect her business. And they want you to to buy from them. Amen. And they got to go get the biggest one so so so you don't miss it. Amen. For one reason. Amen. And that is to get you to buy their product. Amen. They're trying to trying to draw your attention so you can buy from them. So you can so you can get from them. Amen. And I can tell you what, food advertisements are the worst. Oh my. You don't even have to be hungry sometimes. And and but you see a great big billboard of of someone's advertising tacos or something for their local Mexican restaurant and and the next thing you know you you've got to have it. Amen. They'll advertise, you know, the best tacos and and and bold letters underneath it. It'll say best tacos on this side of the Mississippi River. Oh my. Then that means only one thing. That means I've got to try these tacos for myself. Amen. and and the next thing you know you you've you've gone into this place and the next thing you know you you've done spent 20 and 40 bucks on on something that you probably would have voted the the best 10th place or something like that of tacos on this side. Amen. But they they they're trying to get you to get you your attention. Amen. Amen. And if we would take that, if we would take that on the spiritual side this morning, and the only way that the world will ever see Christ this morning is when they see it in you and me. Oh my. They ain't going to see Christ if we're trying to hide it somewhere. Amen. They ain't going to see Christ if we don't don't uh portray Christ to the world. Amen. The only way they're going to see Christ is through us this morning. Amen. Do you believe that? Amen. Brother Brandham says their conscience is numb to the things of God. Oh my. They can't see God in the sunsets. That uh they can't see God in the birds singing. They can't see God in the leaves. They can't see God in the grass or the flowers or or in the music or the or the message, the preaching of the word like we do after we have found Christ. Amen. We can go out here and we can see God in the trees. We can see God in the sunrise. We can see God in the clouds. On the rainy days, we still see God. Amen. But the world can't see God. Amen. They, brother says, they become numb to the things of God. But if we can ever get to a place that we display Christ, Amen. each one of you, uh, from tonight on, remember, you are God's billboards and you are God's advertising agent. Now the world will look at you to see what Christ is. So we don't want to smear a big lot of stuff out there that testify about things that we are really not. Let's be f uh let let's first be that display Christ. Amen. And then we and when we be that then the world will see Christ in you and me. Oh my. The first thing with any advertisement Amen. The person has to see it for it to work. Amen. The first thing with any advertisement. Amen. Amen. The next thing they have to want it. Amen. They have to be looking for something. Amen. And they have to first have to see it and then we've got to make it so attractive to them. Oh my. If someone is looking looking for for for a plumber, Brother Tim, and they're they're they're they've been searching everywhere, but then Brother Tim will maybe make his advertisement so much more sweeter than everybody else. Amen. That that they're going to call brother Tim to come fix their pipes. Amen. And that's the way it should be in the Christian world. Oh my. There's a lot of people out there saying that they're Christians. There's a lot of people out there testifying that that they have the one, that they have Christ. And if we as believers are not making it sweeter, that we're not standing out above the rest, then what good does it do? Oh my. Amen. The world will say it's old and no good. Amen. Amen. The gospel does have an attractive an attraction. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. This gospel has an attraction. And the world will say it's old. The world will say it's no good. Amen. And that it's lost his touch. But it is to those who are hungering for God. Amen. It only attracts those who are hungering and thirsting. And that's the ones that we're out for. Oh my. We're not just out for anybody and and everybody out there. Amen. I believe that we should we should always project Christ, but we should be after the ones that are hungering for God. Amen. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draws him." Amen. You see someone hungering out there, don't turn them away. There's something in there that's hungering for something. God put that hungering down in them. Amen. No man can come to me except my father draws him. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "But there's so many that the father has drawn and are hungering and thirsting to find God and they don't know where to find him." Oh my. Because those who are supposed to be billboards is so smuted up with the things of the world that they can't see where they've got any more than they've got before they come to him. Amen. See, they haven't been following the light. Amen. They haven't. They're supposed to be billboards. They're supposed to be projecting Christ, but but they're staying under Luther's light. They've stayed under Wesley's light, but this light has moved on to this day. Amen. And as long as we're walking under the light that's meant for this day, we can project Christ. Amen. They live like the world. They talk like the world. They sing the same songs as the world does. And there's no difference. There is no difference to the sinner. Amen. The sinner can go to to to to the church down the road and and he can sit in service and oh my he can look around and everyone's cut their hair and everyone's wearing makeup and earrings and the and the women are wearing pants and then they go out in the world and they're just living any old way. See that man can't see a difference. Oh my. They go to the worldly places. They attend the worldly entertainments and they're only producing a mirage to the people. Do you believe that? They're producing a mirage to the people. My now we find out until the people begin to want God. Until the people begin to thirst, Jesus says, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled, not might, but they shall be filled." Amen. They have to hunger and thirst. Amen. Brother Bram says we're Christ billboards and Christ is our sponsor. Praise the Lord. Amen. Christ is our sponsor. Amen. Uh me and brother Junior there has we have a uh uh you know everyone knows that that deer recovery business and and and the Lord has blessed us with a with a couple sponsors and and and one uh one uh of our sponsors uh we um is a car wrapping company and and they wrapped our Jeep for for no cost in exchange to put their logo. We have to advertise their business on our Jeep. Amen. Amen. We have to advertise their business on our on our on our uh uh website, Facebook and everything. We have to do that for them in exchange. Amen. And here we have a sponsorship with Christ. Brother Brandham says for this sponsorship is by Christ and he's given us our life to sponsor him. Amen. Now, what kind of life of a person would you be if you sponsored somebody? Oh my. What kind of person would you be if someone asked you to come sponsor sponsor them? Amen. If they do good work and they took care of you, you would want to do everything you could to sponsor that company in the right way. Amen. And what kind of a person ought we to be if we are sponsored by Christ? Amen. He gives us salvation. He gives us our healing. He gives us our health and strength. He gives us our food. He gives us our homes. He gives us a place to stay. Amen. We have been sponsored by Jesus Christ and given the Holy Ghost to be an example to the people in the world. Oh my. We should be in such a condition, Amen, that the world would that that would cause all the world to want to be like us. Oh my. Brother Brandham says because men go down the street and say there's a man I I might disagree with him in his religious doctrine. But I tell you one thing that is a genuine Christian. O to be a woman going down the street and and say she may look old-fashioned. She she may not be like the rest of any of the women you see. But there's one Christian in this town. If there is one Christian in town, it's this one right here. And there she goes. because we are sponsored by Jesus Christ. Amen. Then we ought ought to everything we we can live uh can do to live in such a way people can see Christ through us. Oh my Amen. He's the one who give us our life. He's the one who gives us our strength. Amen. And all that we have have comes from Christ. Amen. Now, as a reflection of his light, we must preach a gospel that's appealing to the hungry. Amen. We're not to preach Wesley's doctrine. We're not to preach Luther's message. Oh, it was a great message for that day. Amen. I believe that God called them to them great men to preach that message for that day without them. Amen. Uh but but it was great for their day. Amen. But Moses message wouldn't have worked for Noah's day. Amen. Noah's message wouldn't have worked for Paul's day. Amen. We all have a purpose. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Now, if we preach a social gospel that says, well, you ought to come join our denomination. We got 4,000 more last year in our organization." That's not it. Well, if you come to my church or become a member of my church, we'll see that you're taken care of when you get old and you be a faithful member. It's like an insurance policy. You've been taken care of when you get old. We'll see to that. That still isn't the attractiveness. Oh my. Amen. I camp uh Camp Christy last year where we live. Amen. The church of God who owns the place. They had a youth camp there. And and at the end of uh uh the camp, I I went up to the state minister and and I asked him, I said, "Well, you know, Mr. Bob," I said, "How did the camp go?" and and and you know and he says, "Well, you know, it went good. It went really good. We we had 15 young people come to come come up to the front there." And and I said, "Well, you know, that's good." And and then I had an older gentleman come up and and tell me that that his grandson went to the front uh a couple years ago and gave his uh went up to the front to and gave his heart to the Lord two years ago. But you see his grandson today is still living the life that he once was. Amen. No difference then than before he went. Amen. And and here no doubt there was a hunger and a thirsting in there somewhere. But that still and stagnant water isn't going to quench that thirst that's inside of a person. Amen. They come up to the front and they say, "Oh yes, we had 15 more people than we did last year. Oh my praise God." then go out and smoke a cigarette and then go out and cut their hair and then go out and live any old life that's stale stagnant water. Amen. But we need to live such a way that we are producing life to the people. Oh my. Amen. What we need today is a fresh pouring of the Holy Ghost that will quench the thirst of a dying soul. Amen. It will turn a sinner into a saint. It would deliver from pornography. It will deliver from worldly desires. Amen. It will deliver from fear. Amen. It will it will keep you when you're dying. It will keep your marriage. It will save your lost loved ones. Amen. That's what we need today. Oh my. We must preach that gospel that's been given to us in this day and age. Amen. Another message another age won't do. Amen. This is the only message that will appeal to the hungry souls. Amen. A message that raises Christ up in a living atmosphere right here around us now. Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled. Filled with what? The Holy Spirit. The Bible said Steven was a man full of power, full of faith, full of love, full of the Holy Ghost. That's what made him what he was is because he was filled with the Holy Ghost. Then he says, a real advertising board for Christ. Oh my. How many people do we have filled with the Holy Ghost this morning? See, you are a real advertising billboard for Christ. Amen. Brother Burnham says when he stood there talking of Steven that morning at the Sanhedrin court and they accused him, he stood alone, maybe two or three thousand or 5,000 Jews standing there with a pointing finger. And the Bible says when he walked out there that his face looked like an angel. It didn't mean his face was shining. An angel would be a messenger that would that know what he was talking about. Amen. Steven walked out there not afraid of death. He wasn't afraid of nothing because he knowed what he was talking about. Oh my. Steven walked out there before that Sanhedrin core like a sheep among a pack of wolves wasounding for his blood. and they accused him and pointed an accusing finger at him. What did he do? Went ahead and brought down all the history of Abraham and Abraham and and how through him would bring the Gentiles. Amen. Amen. So, he's preaching to the Jews here and he's he's bringing the history of Abraham and and how God through him would bring the in the Gentiles. And when he got down to a certain place, he looked at him full of the Holy Ghost. And he said, "You stiff necked, uncircumcised in your heart and ears, you always resist the Holy Ghost like your fathers did. And so do you. You see, he was God's advertisement board." Oh my. So what did they do? They throwed him out of the city and beat him to death with stones. And when he was dying, he raised his head to heaven and asked forgiveness for those who were stoning him. The same as Jesus did at the cross. And then God seen his little advertisement board being taken down. Steven looked up to heaven and said, "Behold, I see heavens open." And Jesus standing at the right hand of God. And he fell asleep in the arms of God. He was an advertisement born for a hungry souls. Amen. A reflection of the true light. Stephen was a reflection of Christ. Amen. You may say, "Well, there was 5,000. How many of them got saved?" There was one. He had never accepted it right then. But years later, there was one held the coast. There was one that held the coat of Steven. Saul, that young Pharisees standing there gave witness to his death. Saul, who later became Paul, stood there as they stoned Steven. Oh my. But when he saw that advertisement of the power of the resurrected Christ in that little old fell, it never got away from him. Oh my. Out of all the 5,000 Jews that were standing there, only one soul was hungry. Oh my. And the same man, Paul, that one standing there that morning when Steven was stoned, led 10 thousands of souls to Christ because one man was willing to give his life to be an advertisement board for Jesus Christ. Oh my. Is that your desire this morning? Lord, I want to be an advertisement board for you. Lord, I want to do everything I can to portray Christ to the hungry world. Oh my, what about us today? We don't have a big audience. Amen. We don't we don't have uh to preach to to uh to 10,000 people. We don't we don't have to preach to hundreds of people. We don't have to preach to to to to every uh uh to to to to the people of thousands of people. Amen. But we have to preach and still reflect Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. We just have to create the right atmosphere. We have to create the right atmosphere around us. Amen. and show the people that he is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Brother Brandham says the only way we see Christ is when he reflects in each other. I see Christ in you. I see I see him in me. That's how we watch Christ. I come to the meeting, I start preaching, I watch the people. You can see whether they're interested or not. Just a few minutes. You look over your audience. You look over your audience, you can tell whether you're boring them or whether you're not. See, and the first thing you know, you see them sitting there hanging on to every word under expectation. See, I'm seeing Christ reflected in that person because he's hungering and thirsting for God. And then me preaching the gospel and sees the Christ reflecting in me. I see Christ reflecting in him. That means Christ is in our midst then. Amen. Christ is in our midst hungering and thirsting. I watch the audience how they take it. Say something another. Watch how what it affects it. Uh watch what effect it takes on them. Watch their face light up full of joy. They're ready right then to receive something. That's Christ. I see Christ reflecting in that person because the simple gospel of Christ is taking a hold in their heart because they're hungering and thirsting. Oh my. When you sit there and you pull on the word, when you sit there and you Amen. Oh, there's just a hungering and a thirst and calling out for more. And I see Christ in that. And then we know that Christ is here. Oh my. We're not just producing some theology. We're not producing some manmade creed. We're not produ We're not pointing people to a god of history, but Christ that can mend the brokenhearted. A Christ that can heal every sick person this morning. A Christ that is going to take us in a rapture one of these days. Amen. The gospel would be none of unless somebody was there to receive it. There'll be many who won't take it, but the ones that will take it, it'll reflect in them. Amen. There's maybe 5,000 that morning at the execution of Stephen. But there was one it reflected on. Amen. How did Steven do it? He never performed any miracles. He never called fire down from heaven. Amen. He never parted the red sheep. He just presented his life in such a way that they seen that it was the power of Christ in him. Oh my. You may never see a vision this morning. You may never put your hands on the sick person and feel that charge of the almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never speak in tongues. You You may never physically stand before thousands of people and preach the gospel. Amen. But you can still be a reflection of Jesus Christ. Amen. Manifest Jesus Christ by a life that's been so pure and unadulterated from the world. Amen. Not schmuted up and with dirty things around your life, but a pure thing that'll cause the hungry heart to hunger and thirst to be like him. Oh my. You are the salt of the earth. If the salt has lost its savior, it becomes no good. And when it becomes no good, we throw it out. Amen. We have to stay salty. Oh my. Let your light shine before men that they may see your good works. Amen. You can't just just say, "I lived a perfect life for two weeks now. You ought to be an everyday Christian, an every hour Christian, every year Christian. Let your light so shine. Oh my. Amen. Lord, I love that. You ought to be an everyday Christian, an every hour Christian, an every year and every minute and every second Christian cuz we don't know who's watching. Amen. It may be your friend. It may be your wife sitting next to you. It may be your husband. It may be your children. It may be your best friend. It may be your cousin. It may It may be your brother. It may be your sister. Whoever it might be. We have to live an everyday Christian. Amen. If you're outside and you're freezing, you would want something to keep you warm. Amen. Is that not true? Amen. You would want to to maybe build a fire if you didn't have no blankets or a coat and you was outside cold and you had things to make a fire. You would do everything you can to stay warm cuz you don't want to freeze to death. Amen. So, so, so, so you build a fire. Amen. But you wouldn't go get a picture of a fire. You wouldn't want to go get a picture of a fire because a painted fire can't keep you warm. Amen. But you need something that's real. Amen. And the world is producing a painted fire to the people out there. Them churches out there are producing a painted fire to the young people. Amen. But what they need is something real this morning. They don't need a painted fire. They need something that's got life in it. They need something that will produce heat. Amen. Something that will produce a living God. Amen. And it's up to us as believers to produce a living God to all those that are around us. Amen. We need to create such an atmosphere around us that the sinner can see Christ. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Each one of us is a creator." Did you know that? Each one of you people that's born again is a creator. Amen. I want to take a minute, if it's okay, and talk to you about creating an atmosphere. Amen. I'm still on the subject of reflecting his light. Amen. Let's just tie in the two together here. Amen. Man, do you realize that an atmosphere that you dwell in, you influence somebody else? The atmosphere you create around you, you will influence that other person. Oh my. Come on now. I'm getting somewhere now. Amen. You can be negative all the time. You can be negative, Nancy, and you can build that atmosphere around you. Oh my. Come on. You can build that atmosphere around you. The next thing you know, that person beside you is talking negative. that person beside you is just is just being all negative and woe is me. But if you can build an atmosphere of Christ where you just stay positive, you no matter what your circumstance is and you say, "But Christ is my healer. Christ is the joygiver. Christ has filled me with the Holy Ghost." Amen. Satan may be hallen your mind. But I know a God that can deliver you. Create that atmosphere. That's right. Amen. Getting a little ahead of myself. Amen. What makes people act like they do? Amen. What makes the drunks act like to be with uh uh what makes the drunks like to be with drunks? Because they have something in common. They have something in common. And people that like to party are not going to get invited to people who don't like to go to parties. That's that's just what it is. Amen. If you're a partygoing person and and and you see somebody just sitting there like a knot on a log, you're not going to ask them to go with you to the party. You just won't because there's an atmosphere that comes with that. Oh my. Because there's no connection there. Amen. Brother Bram says you don't see crows and doves dwelling together because they don't have no fellowship. They don't have things in common. The crow can fly on a dead carcass and eat it, but the dove will go to the wheat field and eat the grain. Brother Brandham says, "Now, let me tell you something. Each man that is born again with the spirit of God in him is a miniature creator." Now, that may shake you a little, but that's the truth. We're in the image of God, and God is a creator. That's the reason that you can believe that God could heal a person because God is in you. And God made this world. He just spoke it, and his word became material. The very ground that you're sitting on is the word of God made manifest. He didn't uh if he didn't, where did he get it? See, he just spoke it and it turned into existence. Believe in his own he believed in his own word. Amen. And if a man that's born of the spirit of God, he's an offspring of God. And that and that part of God is in him. And he believes every word that God says will material un materialize. See? And so that makes him a part of God. The Holy Spirit in the man makes him a part of God. Amen. That's powerful right there. And now, did you ever see people, nice people, but you just couldn't hardly stand around them? Oh my, we we we run into that every day. There's just people that that we we we we run into, but we Oh, yeah. They're nice. They're friendly, and we can be nice and friendly, but you just can't you can't wait to get away from them. Amen. Because they I mean, we don't have nothing against them, but you can't stand to be around them. Amen. Then you just see some people that you just love to be around. Amen. You just love to be around them. You just love them. It's the atmosphere that they've got around them. It's the way they live. They create an atmosphere that you like to be in. Oh my. Brother Christian, it's good to see you this morning. Amen. So, so it's not that you don't like that person, you don't like the atmosphere that they've created. Amen. They're living a life that somewhere in the world in their homes and things that they're created an atmosphere around them that you just can't stand to be around. But then those other people that you you just love. You you just can't wait to see them. When you get together, you just have just things in common. You just you just love to be around them because of the atmosphere they've created. Oh my. It's the atmosphere around them. Amen. What about God's house? What about our home? What about our workplace? The atmosphere we create can change our current situation. Amen. The atmosphere that we're around can change the current the current situation. And brother Brandham talks about how he came home one day and the kids were just fighting and his wife was just all stressed out and and tore up and he asked her what was going on and she was just in a mess and the kids hadn't eaten all day and she was just tore to pieces. Her her spirit was just tore up and he just put his arms around her and he began to talk to her softly and and begin to pray and the next thing you know the kids quit their fighting. Amen. and the wife be to calm down and the presence of the Lord began to sweep through the house. Why? He changed the atmosphere. Amen. You have the power this morning. If you have the Holy Ghost this morning, you've been given the power to change the atmosphere. Amen. We can change the situation around our homes. We can change the situation around our lives. Amen. We can create such an atmosphere that the presence of the Lord can come in our midst and the sick can be healed and the lost can be saved and people getting delivered. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? We look at Chariius, his daughter lay dying in the bed. Yet he didn't doubt. He knew that if he could just get to Jesus then everything would be all right. Amen. And you can come into the presence of the Lord and you can't come into the presence of the Lord and still remain the same. Amen. When you come into the presence of the Lord, something has got to take place. Amen. Peter and John was walking and they came to a lame man, a lame man sitting at the gate called beautiful. And the man was asking for money and and he was lame and bound. And and Peter and John, they had something more valuable than money. They had the presence of the Lord with them. And Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but what I do have, I give to thee. Just rise up and walk." And the man couldn't just sit there and stare. He had come contact with an atmosphere that was greater than his own circumstance. Oh my. An atmosphere. Amen. That is why we feed off the tapes daily. That is why we read our Bible and we pray every day is so we can create an atmosphere in our homes, in our church, in our lives that people around us, their situations can be changed in a moment. Amen. To create an atmosphere for the Lord to have his way in his people. Amen. That's why we come to church early to pray and to meditate on the Lord. That is why we live clean and holy before the Lord to create an atmosphere. To create an atmosphere for the Lord to come and do something. Amen. You may say, "Well, I'm not a preacher. I'm not a musician or I'm not a song leader or I'm not a Sunday school teacher. I'm not a deacon. I I'm just a nobody." You have been put on this earth to reflect Jesus Christ. Amen. And you have the power to create an atmosphere for someone here this morning to receive a blessing. Oh my. We have an important duty. If you could understand that this morning, we don't have to be some great person. We don't have to be some great man or woman, a name that's well known among thousands of people. We don't have to. You can just be a housewife. You could just you could be a cook. You you could be you could be h working out. Whatever you may be, you have that power to create an atmosphere. Amen. That someone can receive their blessing. Amen. I when I was a little boy, I heard this saying that always stuck with me. Amen. What you put into a service is what you'll get out. Oh my, that's powerful right there. What you put in a service is what you'll get out. Meaning, if you come to church just half-heartedly. Now, now, forgive me. I'm not speaking to anyone this morning. This was just on my heart and and I just pray it can be a blessing. But if you come to church half-heartedly or or you come to church constantly and you want to fall asleep on the preacher or on the song leader and you don't want to get in and you don't want to press, Amen. and you come and upset because someone sat in your seat or or whatever or you come to find fault in what the preacher is preaching and walk out and say, "Well, I didn't get my blessing today." It's because you created the wrong atmosphere. Oh my, you created the wrong atmosphere. You've got out what you put in. Oh, that's powerful. Amen. You're going to come come find fault with your brother or your sister. Amen. Watch out. You may not receive your blessing then. Amen. Cuz you're going to create the wrong atmosphere. But if you can create the right atmosphere around you and then cuz someone here is needing a touch from the Lord. Create the right atmosphere. Press. Get behind the preacher. Get behind the song leader and press and press your way through. You may be tired, but press your way through. Amen. If you come expecting God to fill this place with his presence and you bring your lick of fire, then something has got to happen. Someone is going to receive their blessing. If you come with expectation for God to do something and you come with a hungry heart and a thirsty heart, then watch, God is going to do something. Create the right atmosphere. Amen. create the right atmosphere. It may be your wife that's needing a touch. It may be your husband that's needing a touch. It may be your children needing the Holy Ghost. It may be that your client at work is needing a touch from the Lord. Oh, come on now. It may be that person at the coffee shop that's needing a touch from the Lord. It may be that person in the grocery store needing something from the Lord. create an atmosphere that reflects Jesus Christ. Amen. We have a powerful message. Amen. We We have We have the power. Amen. God has given us power to save the lost soul. Amen. Create an atmosphere. Amen. in your home. If the wife is having a bad day or the kids or even your husband is having a bad day, you had the power as a son and daughter of God to turn any situation around. You have it in you to reflect Christ to your family. Oh my Lord. Amen. I remember Amen. when we were kids, brother Josiah knows, but we would uh go swimming at a place there in Arizona. Oh my. And the water was just cold. But it was just woo man. I had a waterfall and a log across this waterfall and it was just one of our you had to hike in there to get there. But it was it was amazing and just so beautiful. Mountains all around and and the rocks and things and then and then all a sudden there's just this big pool of water. Amen. We'd go swimming in and and like I said it was just oh my it was cold. And after a while, we'd get too cold and and and mom would say, "Well, just go lay in the sun and warm up. Just go just go lay out on that rock over there and just just spread out and and just warm up. Let that sun be down on you and you can warm up." Amen. And some of us kids would go and find a spot on the rock where the sun has been shining down on the uh shining down in the longest. And we would lay there and just soak up the presence of the sun. Amen. It would just warm us up. Amen. If I could say this this morning, if you were starting to become cold and starchy this morning, amen. You just can't seem to to to let your little light so shine before men and the devil just seems to be pounding your your mind and and your heart and and it just seems you can't even ever get a break. Amen. Let me say this. Just go lay on the rock of ages this morning and go lay out in the presence of the sen this morning. Amen. And once you can ever get in the presence of the sun, something is going to take place. Oh my, you've got to create an atmosphere and your faith will do it. Brother Brandham says they were all in the upper room with one accord. When suddenly there came from heaven a sound of a rushing mighty wind, the atmosphere was just right. It takes an atmosphere to do anything. Amen. If you want healing, if you want a deliverance, if you want a renewing in your heart, if if you want your loved ones saved, get under the right atmosphere for it. Oh my. Mark 11:23 says, "For verily I say unto you, that whosoever say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith." Don't let doubt come into your atmosphere. Let faith take a hold of it. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "You just keep believing. Create the atmosphere. Never let doubt come around you. Believe all the time. Don't accompany anything. Don't accompany any of that doubt at all. No sir. No matter what the circumstance is, push away doubt. Walk right on through it. Just refuse it." Yes, sir. He says, "Amen." It's It's time that we lay aside the hurt. It's time that we lay aside the complexes. It's time that we lay aside the malice in your heart. Amen. We're not put here just to be benchwarmers. We don't come to church just to pay our dues and then go home and and do whatever we do. Amen. But we've been given our purpose. We've been given a commission to preach the gospel to every hungry soul. Amen. And as we're believing the word and walking under the light that's been given us for this day, let's reflect that light to those around us that they may glorify our father which is in heaven. Oh my. Creating the right atmosphere for God to do something. Amen. You take an apple seed and you plant it in the ground. Amen. You don't have to pull it out every day to see if it's going to sprout. Amen. You don't have to pull it out just to see if it's growing. You don't have to do little dances or or sing to it every day for it to grow. But if you just give it some water and you give it and you let the sun shine on it, it will produce exactly what it was meant to be. Amen. If the atmosphere is just right, it will produce exactly what it's to it's to be meant to be an apple tree. Amen. And it's the same with us today. God placed a seed in each everyone inside each and every one of us. Amen. And we don't have to put on a show. We don't have to work something up. We don't have to try within ourselves to produce what's in us. We don't have to memorize the whole Bible or or or make sure we quote every quote at the top of our heads. But when we just begin to surrender ourselves to the message and we begin to soak up the presence of the esroin, then it will produce exactly what we were meant to be. Amen. An unstoppable force. Amen. A light in the darkness. Amen. And only and only this message can produce that. Do you believe that this morning? Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think I've kept you long enough. If the musicians will come. Amen. Amen. If I could read 2 Corinthians 4, our closing scripture says, "But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not. Lest the light of the gospel, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them. Amen. For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves, your servants for Jesus's sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness hath shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. If we hide our light, if we place our light where no one can see, then we hide it from a hungry world. We hide it from a hungry soul. Amen. the the the lost soul may not be the person that's worldly as all get out. That last soul may be someone sitting next to you. We don't know who that last soul is. They may have a religious spirit on them, which is the worst spirit of them all. They may be so tied down with a religious spirit. But we must always reflect Christ. We all we must always create such an atmosphere that we reflect Christ that that that the hungry would would feel so welcome around us that that the lost would want to come in and be saved that they couldn't just stand it. They would have to come up to the altar and get saved. Amen. We must reflect Christ not only in the church but in our homes. It's so important. It is so important what we have in our homes. Oh my. We let the we if we left the world in our homes. I was reading or listening to brother Brandham the other day and brother Brandham I heard him say say this. He says if Jesus leaves your home you better watch out. If Jesus ever leaves your home. Oh my. You better watch out. He's so sensitive. His spirit is sensitive. That's why we don't let the kids run around all over the place. That is why we don't keep getting up and going out back and forth and we That's why we don't sit on the preacher. We don't sit on the song leader. We get into service because the spirit of the Lord is sensitive. You could grieve the spirit of the spirit of the Lord away and then someone can lose their blessing. But if we can always create such an atmosphere in our homes, in our lives, at our work, in our car, wherever we might be, and being alone by ourselves, that's when we become really us. When we're alone by ourselves, the real us comes [Music] out. What are we going to do? We've got to reflect this message. We have to show the world. We have to show our neighbors. We have to show our wives. We have to show our children that this message is the way. This message is the true light. Oh my. Let's walk under that light of his word. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Oh, the Lord has been so good. Amen. I'm sorry I've kept you. Amen. And I I I trust it was a blessing. I know it was to me studying this. Oh my, my my my heart just longs to just be what the Lord wants me to be and just be so sensitive to his presence and be so sensitive to his spirit and and I my desire is I don't want to ever do anything that would cause the Lord to ever leave me to to cause the Lord to ever leave my home and and my family and my children. Amen. As the man of my home, I am responsible for what happens to my family. Oh my. And if every true believer this morning is in your heart or it should be in your heart to want to be like Christ and reflect Christ. Amen. We've got to watch what we say. Watch what we do. Someone is watching. Someone is hungry. And if you are not reflecting Christ, they'll go to the church next door. They'll go to the church right down the street. They'll go to the church the Baptist church. They'll go to the to the to wherever. They'll go to wherever they feel welcome. And if we can't produce a Christ to the world, Amen. We we must. Amen. Amen. And I believe that there are there are believers here this morning that are reflecting Christ. Amen. We wouldn't be up here preaching the word if we didn't know. If we knew that y'all weren't uh uh producing a Christ. Amen. Amen. Can we just stand to our feet this morning? I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to [Music] give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. Can we go up again? Sing it with all your hands. We want to live the way. Is that your desire this morning? Lord, I want to live the way you want me to live. Lord, I want to reflect you this morning. I want a hungry world to see Christ through me. Oh, we all have a purpose this morning. And that purpose is to reflect Jesus Christ. All mine. Oh, I could never ever outlive the Lord. With all your hearts now. Oh, I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. Lord, I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever love the Lord to my Jesus. to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. Yes, Lord. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I rarely [Music] ask to be like him. [Music] to be like Jesus. Just to be like [Music] Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, all through life's journey. journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be my king. Can you give the Lord another hand? Clap for praise. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to dismiss, Amen. we want to remember uh all those that are not feeling well and that the Lord would just continue to touch them and uh we also want to um remember the family that's gone and the Lord would protect them on their way home. Sister Ryanna, Amen. that the Lord would just give them safe travels. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could sing one more song before we're dismissed. Um, this little light of mine. Can we go up a key? Maybe. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, hide it under a bush. Oh, no. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. Going to let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Don't let Satan Oh, don't let Satan blow it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, Satan, he can't blow it out. Cuz I'm going to let it shine. Satan, he can't blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. This little light. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Yes. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Sing again. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. Amen. As we dismiss, Amen. Go forth shining your lights to the world. Amen. Maybe we could um ask brother Terry to dismiss us in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you. Truly, we thank you for being in your presence. Every time we come into your presence, it's a special this.
