################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - Brother Wayne Lawson The Power of God - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-03
Title:   Brother Wayne Lawson "The Power of God"
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxpN6eCh41s
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all of flame. With the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean, it is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn to be or boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one. Are you one of them tonight? I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Yeah. They were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Verse four. How come my brother seek this blessing? It will cleanse your heart from sin. It will start the joy bells ringing and we'll keep the soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can sing. Can you turn around to your neighbor and say, "I'm one of them." I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Do you believe you're one of them tonight? [Applause] [Music] is a name that's written down in glory. Oh, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I've met the author of my story. Oh, he's mine. Yes, he's mine. I was lost in shame. Could not get past my blame. And then he called my name. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down, but Jesus pulled me out. I'm no longer bound. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. See, I now a new creation in Christ. You see the old has gone, there's new life. Oh, I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory. Do you believe it's yours? Yeah, it's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. I can see the lies. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. It's all over me. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. Oh, the old has gone. There's new life. Oh, I live by faith by my side. There is a name that's written down in glory. Oh, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, she's mine. There is a name that's written down in glory. Oh, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Guess he's [Applause] mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go and everywhere I be, oh Jesus is mine. Oh yes, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go and everywhere I be. Oh Jes, sing it again. Oh yes, Jesus is mine. Oh yes, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go and everywhere I be, oh Jesus is mine. Can you give the Lord some praise tonight? Everywhere you go, everywhere you be, he's right there beside you. Amen. [Applause] Ain't no rock going to sing in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. [Music] Well, ain't no rock going to cry in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Yeah. Praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. And now ain't no bird going to sing in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. I [Music] said going to sing in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify his holy name. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Now ain't no tree. Going to clap in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. I said ain't no tree going to clap in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. All together. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Oh, just praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. There ain't no rock. Going to cry in my place. Oh, as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Well, ain't no rock going to cry in my face as long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify his holy name. Oh, just praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive, to glorify his holy name. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify his holy name. One more time. Praise the Lord. Lord, just praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify his holy name. Amen. Did you come to praise the Lord tonight? As long as there's breath in this body, I'm going to praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] [Applause] The battle's not mine. Saith little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad I made you see that you're really all that I need. Oh, the battle's not mine. And I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Oh, little David was so small. Oh, the giant stood so tall. The odds were just too high for little David. So he shook off all his foes. With the power of God, he was clothed. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. Lord, it's thine. Oh, the battle's not mine. Say it, little David. Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Cuz I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's fine. Now little David unafraid. Before the giant he stood that day. Oh it seemed to be the it for little [Music] David. But like the lion and the bear he slew. He knew that giant would come down to. Oh the battle's not mine. Give it to you, Lord. How many Davids do we have tonight? Oh, the battle's not mine. Sayaith, little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Oh, I do not want to do and I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. All the battles my mind, I give it to you. Lord, it's thine. Oh, little David, he stood tall. Oh, the giant stood so small. Sweet victory had rain for little David. Oh, for he gave the battle to one that believed in getting things done. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. If some of you need to give the battle to the Lord tonight. saith little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Oh, I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you as they come for the offering. Oh, the battle's not mine. Saith little David, Lord, is in your favor. I give it all to you. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. Give it to you. Lord, it's time. Oh, the battle's not mine. Say it, little David. Lord, it's not. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's [Music] [Applause] thine. Amen. Do you love the Lord [Music] tonight? Amen. Brother Micaiah. Heavenly Father, Lord, we ask you, Father God, just to bless the rest of his service. Lord, we ask you, Father, to bless the ties in the offering in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Can we sing that song? Our God is great. You turned into wine. You open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like [Music] you. None like you. Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our [Applause] God, water, you turn into wine, Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you, Lord. There's none like you. Into the darkness you shine, Lord. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, there's none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh, sing it again. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our God, in water you turn into ice. Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Yes, Lord. There's D like you. Oh, into the darkness you shine. Lord, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. Sing it again with no music. Oh yes. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than our God is awesome in power. Our God, oh our God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Crossing in town where our God. Oh our God. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? There is none like him tonight. You are [Music] alone. You are God alone. From before time began, you are on your throne. You are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. [Music] You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a god in he anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Oh, for you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad. Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. Oh unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Oh [Music] unstoppable. That's what you are. Unchangeable. Oh, I'm unchangeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable. And that's what you are. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and the bad times. Oh, you are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. Sing it again. You are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. As they would just play softly. Amen. We've got a few written prayer requests we want to make known tonight. Amen. Brother Matthew Mccclard, his uh daughter is uh fighting strep throat. Um but also his his wife's uh heart rate is uh really high tonight. So let's just keep them in our prayers. I believe they have her u at the hospital. Amen. And uh we also uh want to uh uh pray uh for uh Joseph uh Joseph uh this uh I forget her name. his sister's uh son. He's been having some really bad mind battles and uh some physical issues. So, let's just uh uh raise these up before the Lord tonight. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh Brother Hunter Longoria. Amen. If he would come and lead us in prayer tonight. Amen. We want to uh remember the man of God as he comes and brings forth the word. Amen. How many believes we serve a risen savior? Amen. He's not a God of yesterday, but he's a God of today. Amen. Yes. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let's just bow our heads and pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, as I bow my head to pray over these prayer requests. Father, I remember your prophet standing on the scene. Father, he said there's not a prayer he's ever prayed, Lord, that you've not answered him or told him why. Now, Father, we come with that expectation, Lord, as we bring Brother Matthew's daughter, Lord, and his wife before you, Father, asking you, Lord, that you would begin to move upon the scene, Father, in such a mighty way, Lord, that they couldn't explain it, Lord. that Lord, they would know that it would have to come from you. Now, Father, Lord, this mother, Lord, bringing this prayer request before you, Father, of her child, Lord, battling these mind battles, Lord. Lord, there's many unspoken prayer requests, Father, battling these very same things, Father, I'm asking you, Lord, as I stand in the gap, Father, with faith, Father, for them during this time, Lord, that you would begin to move upon the scene, Lord. everyone that would have a prayer, Lord, that Lord would be hidden in their heart, Lord, you would begin to move on it, Lord, in such a natural and supernatural way. Now, Father, we commit all of this into thine hands, Lord, knowing, Lord, that every prayer goes answered. Father, we commit this into thine hands. In the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Believe it. Amen. None can contend. Oh, your God. That's just the way it is. For you are God alone. You can be seated from before time begin. Lord, you are on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad as brother Ray Harold comes your throne. Lord, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now, in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Sing it again. You are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Amen. Do you believe he's God alone tonight? Amen. Amen. And right after, if we could have Sister Bethany Hatfield come up right after. Amen. [Laughter] [Music] What a mighty God we serve tonight. A Amen. I just, you know, it's just a a great honor and a privilege. You know, I I feel so unworthy to just stand here um for amongst such great people. Uh people that I'm planning on spending eternity with. you know, but I'm just honored to just to stand in the presence of of the bride of Jesus Christ. And you know, I thank God for this glorious message of the hour. You know, this this message is not anything new. It's that old time religion. You know, it's the same message that all the prophets of old preach. Paul preach it but you know but it's not anything new but it's that old time religion and and if it was good enough for them is good enough for me. So give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. You know what? It's good enough for me. Give me that old time. Holy Spirit, you know what? That old devil, he won't go near it. That's the reason why some people fear it. I don't know about you, but it's good enough for me. Give God a praise for tonight. Hallelujah. I love that old time religion. I love that old time religion. I love that old time religion. is good enough for [Applause] me. I love that old time religion. I love that old time religion. I love that old time religion is good enough for me. You know what? All their sadness was bound in jail. They had no one to go there. But you know what? They started singing and praying to what God did for them here. You'll do it for you. I love I love. Hear me singing now. I love I love that old time. I love I love that old time you live tonight and it's good enough for me. Right. We're living in the Bible day. You got to repent and change your ways. Jesus is coming and it won't be long. play with this message and you can't go wrong. I love I love it. Oh, I sing it right. I love Yes, I do. I love that old time religion. I love that old time religion and it's good enough for me. We have a message in this day to guide us through God's perfect way. You know what? It doesn't matter what others do. I know what we have. Nothing but the truth. And I love Oh, yes I do. I love Yes, I do. Love that old time religion. I love the old time religion. Old time religion is good enough for me. And I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Love it. All time. It was good enough for Paul. We're good enough for Arinius. Good enough for Martin. We're good enough for Luther. Was good enough for Columbus. We're good enough for John Wesley. Who's good enough for Martin Luther? Good enough for brother Brandham. Good enough for you. It's good enough for me. And I love it. Love that old time. One more time now. And I love it. Love I love it. I love that. Love that old time. It's good enough for me. And it's good enough for me. And it's good enough for me. And it's good enough for me. [Music] Amen. Do you believe it's good enough for you? Amen. It was good enough for my dad. It was good enough for my grandpa. It was good enough for my uncles. Amen. It's good enough for me. Amen. [Music] Well, I woke up early this morning. [Music] And I knelt down on the ground. And I prayed to God in heaven. And the Holy Ghost came down. [Music] I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. And the world can't do me no harm. Oh, I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. And the world can do me no harm. Oh, I believe in freedom. And I believe in the blood. I believe in the Holy Ghost dancing and speaking in tongues. Everybody, I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom and the world can't do me no harm. Oh, I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom and the world can't do me no harm. Now that devil, he's roaming to and fro, seeking whom he might devour. But I've got the victory under the blood that all devils are. Well, I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom and the world can't do me no harm. Well, I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom and the world can't do me no harm. Well, there ain't no grave going to hold my body down. Well, there ain't no grave going to hold my body down when I hear that trump is out. I'm going to get up. I'm going to get up. I'm going to get up out of the ground. There ain't no way going to hold my body down. Oh, cuz I got a key to the kingom. Well, I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom. And the world can't do me no harm. Well, I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. I've got a key to the kingom. And the world can't do me no harm. Oh, and I believe in freedom. And I believe in the blood. And I believe in the Holy Ghost dancing and speaking strong. Oh, and I've got a key to the kingom. Oh, I've got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom. And the world can do me no harm. Oh, I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom. I got a key to the kingom walking through your heart. Amen. Do you have a key to the kingdom? Well, I woke up this morning. I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Oh, I rose up. Shout the victory. Oh yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Joy. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, joy. Today it is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, joy today. It is mine. The Holy Ghost. Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. It is mine. Oh, I chose Satan. You better get me behind cuz the Holy Ghost today, it is mine. The rapture. Oh, the rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. Oh, the rapture today it is mine. Oh, I told Shan to get behind cuz the rapture today it is mine. Brother Larry Nichols got up this morning. I didn't have to tell. I knew that the Lord could bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I rose up. Shout the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. [Music] I told Satan to get behind. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Amen. Victory belongs to you tonight. Amen. We've got a key to the kingdom. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah again. Come on, say hallelujah again. God is good. Good to be here again tonight with you. Trusting God will help us and bless us by his word and by his song and his singing. the belief that God has it all in [Music] control. And I found out even after I gone through high school, we sung a song that says, "Glory, glory, hallelujah, the hymn of the republic." I didn't understand it then, but I do now cuz my soul is united with the words. Help us your will. [Music] My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trembling out the rubies. Where does grace are around author? He had a loose fake with lightning of your terrible swiftly sword. Oh my God. He is maring maring on. Let say it again. My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. trembling out on the British where the grace of a ramply sword. Oh my god, my God, my God. Truth is shame on. We have this sh tonight. Oh, singing glory, glory, glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah, singing glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, and I said tonight, singing, glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, I know my true. Yes, it is him. Sh. Listen. In the beauty of the liies Christ were born of brought the sea with the glory in him the son that transfigured you and the earth. And he died to make it holy. Let her die to make it free. Yeah. Where the truth my God through is my maring on. Let me say one more time. Oh. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Put your hand to glory. Honey. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Singing glory tonight. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. I know. My the God truth is my God. My God the God who is. I just my God the God who is. I hear what they say. My God. True. [Music] Yes. My God is Jon. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than [Music] you. Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh my God is so much bigger the troubles I face. Oh, and why would I hunger for power, riches, or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of his things. Oh, I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. Oh, his promise is true. So, I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Oh my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is [Applause] done. Oh my God is stronger. The victories already won. You see he died for my ransom and he rose up on the third day. Oh cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. Oh I won't be shed. No I won't be moved. Oh my God is faithful. Oh, his promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Yes, my God is bigger, better, stronger. Sing it again. A sister destiny beachy come. Oh, I won't be [Music] shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is [Music] faithful. Oh, his promise is true. So, I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Yeah. My God is bigger, better, stronger. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Anyone who's ever seen the mountain of their sins disappear, [Music] For anyone who's ever felt the hand of heaven reached out through their fears and dry their tears and many life once empty now finds itself alive and full of songs, victory songs And then you'll understand the reason for the way the saints of God may carry on. Oh, if I shall my heart be [Music] washed. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Anyone who knows they've got a future and a hope beyond the grave. Yes. Oh, every life's a different story. How he brought us out of darkness into light. Oh, there's no way to keep this bright silence. Every breath another chance to testify. Come on, testify. If I sound shouting from my heart to say, watch me. If I run, oh, I'm running from a possibility to the world. It might go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In our moment, Jesus gets a hold of [Music] you. Anyone who knows the hope will keep them moving all through the trouble [Music] days. For anyone who knows they've got a future and a hope beyond the grave. Know every life's a different story. How he brought us out of darkness into light. Oh, there's no way to keep me silent. Cuz every breath another chance to testify. Oh, testify. If I shout, oh, I'm shouting from my heart. I run. No, I'm running from the past to the world. It might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. And I'm only Jesus gets a hold of you. My God be raised. My name changes and testify. Oh [Music] my name Jesus. Oh our God, he raised our name Jesus. Testify. Come on and testify. If I shout, oh, I'm shouting. From a heart that he washed me. If I run, oh, I'm running. From a pastor he redeemed to the world it might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do in our moment. Jesus gets a hold of you. Oh for anyone who knows the hope. They'll keep them moving on through your trouble days. [Music] Anyone who knows they've got a future and a hope beyond the grave. No, every life's a different story. How he brought us out of darkness into light. Perfect light. Oh, there's no way to keep the bride silent. Every breast another chance to testify, testify. Oh, if I shout, no, I'm shouting. From a heart that's been washed. And if I run, no, I'm running. From a hearing to the world, it might go crazy. There's just no tell her what you're going to do. In the moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. [Music] Oh my I see my name he changed as justify. Oh my name is Jesus testify. Come on and testify. Oh, if I shout, no I'm shouting. From a heart that he washed clean. If I run, no, I'm running. From a past that he reached to the world, it might go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. [Music] [Applause] The lost are saved. They find their way at the sound of your great name. All condemned, feel no shame at the [Applause] sound of your great name. Every fear it has no place at the sound of your great name. The [Music] enemy has to leave at the sound of your great name, Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and man, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great [Music] name. All the weak they find their strength. at the sound of your great name. And hungry souls receive praise at the sound of your great name. The fatherless. They find their rest at the sound of your great name. Oh, the sick are healed. Oh, and the dead are raised at the sound of your great name. Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Oh, son of God and man. You are high and lifted up. And all the world will praise your great [Music] name. Can we stand and sing it? All the weak, they find their strength at the sound. Your great name. Hungry souls receive praise at the [Applause] sound of your great name. The father lives. They find their rest at the sound of your great name. The sick are healed. Oh, and the dead are raised at the sound of your great name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I am lifted up. Praise your [Music] name. Amen. Well, how many's been touched by the master's hand? Bless the name of the Lord. I have enjoyed the presence of the Lord. I've I've enjoyed the the songs that have been sung. And what makes it so special is they're singing from experience. They're singing from battles that they have fought and they have won. Satan has tried to destroy their lives and yet he can't he can't take them out. They're still singing for the Lord. They still love the message of the hour. And I tell you what, it's hard just to sit down and when you see a real believer singing from the heart. It's hard just to sit there when you hear these preachers preaching from the heart. They've gone through their battles. They've gone through the things. They have faced these things and yet they're still believing. How many believers do we have in the building? Amen. I uh certainly uh you can be seated for just a moment, but certainly enjoyed the uh the service last night. Did you enjoy the service? Hallelujah. Uh powerful powerful service and um I've just enjoyed both and uh both services that we've had. and uh brother Matthew uh uh Matt Morris preached on the healer, the believer and the Pharisee. And u you know I uh brother Brandham talking about the Pharisee. He was a fundamental believer. And uh he said, you know, it was that same group of fundamental believers that put Jesus Christ on the cross and killed him because he had signs and wonders and they didn't believe it. That same spirit lives among churches today, religious people, not a bunch of infidels, fundamental. Place it right out there and they're exactly right. But they have a form of godliness. fundamentally right, but denying the power thereof. The power of what? The power of healing. The power of shouting. [Music] There's something that makes us shout. There's something that gets us excited about the word of God. And he says it's a power. The power of healing, the power of shouting, the power of speaking in tongues, the power of interpreting, the power of the church moving just like it did in the beginning. Can you say amen? That he said in another place, the believers are the ones that's ordained and predestinated to the word. The minute they see it, they're satisfied. How many satisfied? That's why we ain't looking outside of this message. We're satisfied. We're satisfied that God vindicated this message. We're satisfied that God is moving among us. We're satisfied to know that he's still healing. He's still saving. He's still filling with the Holy Ghost. We're satisfied that he is supreme over everything and he reigns. And and no devil's going to uh uh defeat him. We're satisfied. Amen. He said life springs in them and they accept it. That's the disciples. There is no question in their mind about it at all. They follow right along. The disciples were believers. They just believe. And God still has disciples here today. Can you say amen? We ain't worshiping a man. We are worshiping the word. Amen. The person of the word. Can you say amen? and he's here among us tonight. And I'm excited to see what God is going to do for us this evening. And if you've come hungering, you've come expecting, well, your needs are going to be met. I promise you, God won't disappoint you at all. Amen. He's just that type of God. Amen. If you want to criticize, and Satan, as the prophet said, Satan will have plenty for you to criticize. But if you just get past all of that and just say, "God, fill my cup. I I I just want more of you. I promise you God will meet you right where you are. Amen. And uh it's a it's just a privilege to have brother Wayne Lawson here with us. And uh we certainly love him, love his ministry. And um I I I think we can truly say most of us ministers have been affected by his ministry in in one way or another. And uh uh one thing about Brother Wayne, he just he loves the message. He lives and breathes this message. He studies the message. That's all he wants is the message. And and and I I just I've uh you know, it's always a privilege to have him because uh I believe the people that's all they want is the message. We ain't looking for any fang dangled revelation out there. We just want the message. Amen. And so when we know that he gets behind the pullpit, we can just rest and knowing that nothing, no strange doctrine is going to be preached. He's just going to preach the message and we can say amen to it and watch God come among us. Can you say amen? And I believe that's the way it's going to be tonight. And if we could just stand to our feet, we had just a wonderful time of fellowship today with the ministers. And uh I certainly love and appreciate you ministers very much. and uh feel the least among you. Uh but I u uh just know that God has called great men of God in this hour. Amen. To proclaim the message of the hour. And I'm I'm thankful for that. But let's just sing this song. Here's my cup, Lord. Lift it up. Amen. And feel it, Lord. And how many's got your cups lifted, your soul lifted? Say, God, fill me over and over and over. Amen. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my [Laughter] soul. Bread of heaven. [Music] Just feed me. Well, I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me. [Music] I did [Music] I come and this thirsty love my [Music] soul can [Music] I meet you I want no Oh, here's my cup. Fill it up. Amen. God bless you tonight. It's certainly a great honor to be in the house of the Lord here under this tent tonight. Amen. Where we have seen uh such an outpouring through the years of the great dynamics of the Holy Spirit. And Amen. And it puts an expectation in our heart that he'll do it again. Amen. Knowing that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's one thing about God that don't change. He don't change from year to year. His uh anointing doesn't change from times and seasons, but it remains the same. Amen. And we certainly are thankful for that tonight. I I do want to say I appreciate Brother Sean and the Faith Tabernacle here for hosting these meetings years after year. Amen. I know there's a lot of responsibility. There's a lot of a lot of money invested. There's a lot of things that are done to host these meetings. And we certainly amen want him to know that we appreciate each each year. Amen. And to you that all come, God bless you for that. And Amen. Uh we certainly want to take just a moment and thank the the church and these lovely sisters that are doing such a good job feeding the people. Amen. God bless you sisters. It's [Applause] uh I know the Lord sees their [Applause] labors. We trust that God will bless them and reward them with great great blessing. Amen. We're uh we want to take uh just a moment tonight and amen to greet you from the church and uh True Word Tabernacle there. And we just want to uh ask the Lord that he may be able to move on these meetings tonight. And I just wonder uh just before we go to the Lord in prayer, how many would have a need tonight in your life that you would need the Holy Spirit to come by and touch you? Amen. I'm certainly uh aware that he is a high priest that is touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Amen. We want to if we could just to bow our hearts tonight. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you for this moment, Lord, in time, for this season that you have given us to live. Father, your prophet said that he would rather live now than in any other age. And I ask you tonight that your mercy would just come, Lord. Shake our awareness, Lord, our consciousness of this great moment in time. We ask you, Father, as we would look upon your word, that you would come tonight, Lord, and that you would touch the many needs that are in this building, the hands that's been lifted. Father, I ask you that you would come into this meeting strengthening hearts and lives. Lord, we we need you. And Lord, we believe that there is a way that tonight that our faith could slip into that unseen realm, Lord. And Father, that you would answer the need of these hearts, Father. And Lord, as we come to preach your word, to speak the things which you have placed upon our heart, we ask you that your great anointing would move through this congregation, Lord, blessing your people. And Lord Jesus, we ask you now that you would take the service, Lord, that you would use it for your glory and your honor. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you tonight. And if you have your Bibles with you, Amen. We would like to turn into the word of God. Amen. Um I I certainly uh am greatly honored to be here among all these men of God that are here in the last couple services. We're going to be turning to 2 Timothy 1 and verse 7. Amen. 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 4. Amen. And u I I've certainly enjoyed those uh two services. What a blessing. Amen. And u you know where would we be without men of God to carry this word? Amen. And it's such a blessing to have them. Amen. In 2 Timothy chapter 1 and verse 7, for God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and a sound mind in 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 4. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in the demonstration of the spirit and of power. May God bless his word tonight. As you could be seated, if I could, I'd like to speak to you a little bit tonight. If I take a title, I want to talk to you about the power of God. About the power of God. My heart is uh full tonight of so many things uh that God has given us in this great age and amen under this messenger of all these great truths that's been restored to the church and the the things that God has done for us. But just in praying over the meeting and asking the Lord for direction, I just felt this slip into my heart. Amen. that I would speak to you tonight and and and uh just remind you that we serve a God and that God is has a power. And I want to talk to you tonight about the power of God. I don't I don't believe anybody's ever heard or thought about the power of God, but what didn't want to experience it. I really don't never know anybody that has ever uh uh thought so much or seen the ex the real manifestation of God and not want to want to have a part of that or to be a part of that. And and you know I I I in saying that tonight and we we we think about Amen. Uh about that. But can anyone have the power of God? That would be the the question, wouldn't it? Can anyone experience this? Could could anyone possess the power of God? Could Could anyone be able to partake of the great things of God? Amen. Can anyone have it? And I I would like to answer that as a real definitive yes they can. Yes, they can. The old can experience it. The young can experience. The educated, the uneducated, the wealthy, the poor. Amen. The colors, the races, every walk of life. Any man that would desire to experience God has a possibility to do so tonight. Amen. And and I say this, Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible with God." If you remember the man took his child and threw it at the feet of Jesus and said, "Lord, Amen. I I if thou can't do anything." And the Lord's come back and he says, "If thou can't believe." Amen. It's not the question tonight of whether God can do it. The question tonight is, do we believe it? Amen. And if we can believe it tonight, all things are possible to them that believe. For it's more even, as the scripture would say in Mark the 16th chapter, that we were to go into the world and to preach the gospel to every creature. So, how far is it the power of God is reaching unto the whole world? Amen. And how many is going to be able to get a hold of it? every creature. He that believeth is baptized and shall be saved. But he that believeth shall not shall shall shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe. For in my name they shall cast out devils, and they shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands upon the sick, and they shall recover. I believe tonight that the power of God is not just something that is accessible, but I believe it's been promised. I believe the power of God has been promised to every believer that can believe upon the name of Jesus Christ. As they asked the Lord in Acts 1 and8, they said, "Lord, when shall the kingdom be restored?" And Jesus said, "It's been put in the times and seasons, and my father has put it in his power, but ye shall receive power." after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you and you shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth. For we recognize that, amen, that the power of God comes to the believer under the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, I know there's a lot of people don't even believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But let me assure you tonight, it's just as real as it ever was. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is just as much as a reality tonight as it was the day that Jesus made the promise. And he said, "Behold, Amen. Go ye in the city of Jerusalem and carry there until you be endued with power up on high." Amen. The Bible calls this, "I will send the promise of my father upon you." Of course, he's speaking of this in Luke 24:49. He's speaking of Isaiah the 28th chapter when it is promised that a rest would come unto the church with stammering lips and other tongues shall they speak these unto my people and a refreshing from the presence of God would come upon the church. There is a promise tonight that God would give a promise of the Holy Ghost to the church and it would give power unto that church. Not only is it a promise that you can experience it, but according to the Bible, this power is to work through every believer, but in the Bible, it says in John 14:12, "Verily I say unto ye, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works, and this shall ye do because I go unto my father." Amen. Now Jesus as he's leaving is telling them, amen, the works that I do shall ye do also. Now in John 14:16, just a couple verses later, Jesus begins to say that I will pray the father, and he shall give unto thee another comforter that he may abide with you forever. So many people would run out then and say, see there, there's a great difference between Jesus and the Holy Ghost. And there's a great difference between the father and Jesus. But Jesus said, "I will pray the Father, and he shall give unto thee another comforter, that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye shall know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you." Watch this now. And I will not leave you comfortless. I will come unto ye yet a little while and the world shall see me no more but ye shall see me because I live ye live also. Amen. And at that day ye shall know that I am in the father and the father is in me in me and I in you. So tonight the power of God is residing resting in the church of the living God. You are the place where God has promised to display his power in the last days. He said, "I'll go away." That corporal body was going to leave the earth, but that was going to be sent back to the church. The spirit of Jesus Christ called the Holy Ghost, which is not an emotion, which is not a good feeling, which is not a doctrine, but a person. And the person of Jesus Christ has promised to come into this building tonight. He said, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, there I shall be in the midst of them, then the power of God is present tonight in this building. Just as real as it was the day that he walked on the Sea of Galilee, just as real as he was at the tomb when he met Mary. just as real as he was in Acts the 2nd chapter when he filled them with the Holy Ghost. That same pillar of fire, not a corporal body, a supernatural body of the light of God is still alive. It's still real. It's still in the church. It's abiding. The power of God is here and it's real and you can have a part of it tonight. If thou canst believe all things Hallelujah. Praise be to God. People say, "Oh, that's back in the days of the apostles. That's back in the days of Pentecost." My goodness, friends, how the church of the living God has been growing from those dark ages, how they've been growing up from the feet unto the head. And that head is Christ. That intelligence, it's how the body's going to move is by that head. You know, the Bible said that the government shall be upon his shoulders. In Isaiah 9 and6, it says it very clearly that the government shall be upon his shoulders. And the prophet of God said this very clearly. He said, listen, what is that shoulders? He said, it's the body. It's the body. It's the body of believers that the government of God is to be on those shoulders. What is the shoulders? but the body. So there's where the real true church speaks in his power. Theirs where apostolic power returns to this church is when the government shall be upon their shoulders. There is coming a real church. I believe it. I believe there's a real church. And may I say tonight, I don't believe there's coming a church. I certainly believe there's a church. And I believe it's arrived. I believe we have said for years there's coming a bride. But I believe we can announce it tonight. The alpha has become the omega. The bride is on the scene. She's here tonight manifesting in the power of God. I know and realize, amen, that people a lot of times they said, "Brother Wayne, the power of God." Amen. How could it be here? The prophet of God said it like this. You'll never bring a church to life. You'll never do it on some tradition. You might bring members by the millions, but you'll never bring the power of God until we get back to that original word again. Amen. World falling apart. Brother B said the church cannot run without the power of God through that word. And the Holy Ghost will only confirm the word of God. And that's what it's here to do. The anointing is here to confirm the word. May I say to you tonight, we have the word. I believe we've had the messenger of the age. We've had our seventh angel. We've had the shout. We've had the opening of the book. We've had the restoration of the apostolic doctrines. Amen. But when God sent his word, he was going to send the anointing with that word, the power of God to fulfill it and to make it live. What good is a dead letter without a power to make it live? Now, the power of God that was in that bridegroom is the same power to be in that bride. When God took our Lord Jesus up to the up to the cross, he took him to Calvary and he tore him apart. And y'all know the symbology was making a covenant that you would tear a an animal apart. And brother Bam said they would stand on each side of the of the beast and they would they would prophesy over it one to another and anybody that broke the covenant was like the dead beast. And brother man said, "But God took the body of Jesus for our covenant." And he tore the body of Jesus apart for you and I. And when he broke that covenant, he said what he did is he tore the spirit from the body and took the body up into heaven. He said then he sent that spirit back on Easter morning. Amen. And he sent that spirit back down to the church. So the church when this covenant is brought into full strength. Now, the prophet is teaching us here that when that spirit was given back there, amen, on the day of Pentecost, he was telling us it wasn't even in full strength at that time. Of course, it was given, but it hadn't been made to the place of manifesting the son of man as of yet. It was manifesting the son of God. Amen. And then that first church, amen, the word of God was real and the word of God was powerful. Amen. But it was right there. Amen. that God was teaching us that someday, amen, this same spirit was going to return in the latter days and it would return in its full strength in the church of the living God. This covenant when it is confirmed, these people that go into this body here of the bride, it'll be the exactly same spirit that was upon Christ, it'll do the same things, have the same ministry, have the same power. It'll come together word by word, the same. It'll be the same spirit that was upon him that'll be upon this bride. You never heard brother Random stand there in a prayer line with that Messiah sign and say, "This is what Paul did." Every time he was reinstating the ministry of Jesus Christ because there had been a dispensational change. This bride had turned a corner from the son of God dispensation that the son of man now was descending into the age that here it is in the bride form. There is to be a display of the omnipotence of God that he could take a church out of dead creeds and denomination and fill it with the power of God until the strength would return just like it was in Jesus Christ. Oh yes, sir. Somebody said, "Well, I thought it was long dead." I want you to know it's alive. Amen. Just like a seed goes into the ground, it has to die in the ground, doesn't it? It has to die. And Jesus died when they put him in the tomb. Brother Brandon said, "Don't think he was partly alive." He was dead. The body was dead. Brother said he was so dead the heavens shut up. The sun wouldn't shine. The earth was quaking. He was so dead he was a cold, dead formal thing laying in that grave. Amen. But see, God couldn't leave it there because it was his body. And the way he identified that's my body is when the spirit of Jesus Christ returned into that tomb. He didn't get in the rock. He didn't get in the tomb. He didn't get on the seats. Amen. He got into his body and raised him up and shook him before the world. Amen. To let them know that Jesus is not just a man. He is God's supreme deity. He was the body of almighty God. I tell you tonight, I certainly believe he's still Amen. that same God and that same reality. My when I think about it tonight, I think about the power of God that would enter that enter that life. Brother man will tell us this. He said see what happens. He says it's the first time of course when Jesus was rose from the dead. He said now it was just like when he was resurrected he says see like Christ was the first one that was raised from the dead. I love that. Don't you? Christ was the first one that raised from the dead. And he said when he come out of that tomb, he was waved over those other seeds. He was a waving of a sheath. Now, what was he being waved for? He was waving to let them know that it had returned. Brother said, "And what was it? The first one to come to maturity. It was the first one to prove it was a wheat. Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. When that body of Jesus come out of that tomb, he was the first one from the dead. And he was waved over the people that the maturity of the power of God had returned in that body and lifted him. And he lifted him up. And brother Bam says, "See, oh, you see what I'm talking about? It was waved over the people." And now for the first time, I love how he says things, you know, just in case you think this has been happening down through the ages, he clarifies it for you. And for the first time, there will come forth for the bright age, a resurrection out, a part denominationalism. There'll be a message that the maturity of the word has returned again in its full power. I got a message. The power of God has returned in his full power. Everything and everywhere, everything that was in that first power is in this power. It is a resurrection. What a message of full maturity of the word of God. I tell you what, this bride ain't left without a message. Makes me want to run to the hilltops. Get the loudest mic I could find. I got a message. I'm running with a message. The power of God has returned to the church. You are not a powerless church. You are not a powerless people. We are not a bunch of weaklings looking for a hiding place. I tell you, it's the church of the living God that's been anointed with the power of God as she might be in the place God called her to be in. And for the first time, the word of God is turned back into its power and being waved over the people. Yes, sir. By the same signs and the same wonders. Oh my goodness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why was Brother Bam telling all those testimonies? It certainly wasn't to lift himself up. Brother man was not telling you about the manifestations and the power of God that could speak a squirrel when there was no squirrel. He could talk to a storm and make it leave and finish his Tampa trip. He could go on a walk with God and turn back into a young man again. It was done by the power of God. There was no school out there on the mountain. There was no schoolhouse over there in the woods. Amen. But the one that wrote the Bible was right there dwelling in a human being and the power of God was working through him. So he was telling you, "Man can't create, but I created out there in the woods. Man can't speak away cancers, but I spoke away cancer. Man cannot tell a storm or stand still, but I stole a storm to stand still." What's he telling you? It's back. It's back. It's not just back to Pentecost. It's back to the Garden of Eden where Adam was over the atmospheres. Hallelujah. There has been no sons manifested like this since the days of Adam and Eve. And God has restored to you, [Applause] church. You got more power than justification. You got more power than just sanctification. You got more power than just a baptism of the spirit. But that same Jesus that raised from the dead has returned in the form of the bride of Jesus Christ manifesting his word. There's been a marriage and in this evening time there shall be light. Brother man said the same great power of Christ that would raise the church like it did back there in the western people. He said that same great church. Amen. How it would do it there and how it would do it here. It's the great power of Christ that would come upon the church. That is evening time evangelism. Oh, how this message changed evangelist. How it changed pastors and teachers and apostles. We're not just repeating some creed we learned from some doctor of divinity. We have experienced the power of the living God. We have received invitation that God has sent a prophet and we now have the word. Not the common theology but the word and power. It's different folks. Word and power is different than word and theology. And I and I I say very clearly. Amen. Because look, the the the word, brother Bam says it very Jesus says it. Amen. It'll just kill you if it's a dead letter. [Applause] But this word returned with power. It returned in power. That we wouldn't lean on theology. Yes, sir. That we wouldn't lean to education. We wouldn't lean to the intellect. Come on. I can hear the prophet saying it now. Don't lean to your own understanding. For there's a way that seemth right unto a man. But the end of that way, the world is falling apart again because they didn't take the thinking man filter and realize you can't think your way out of it. You can't figure your way out of it. Come on, church. Amen. How many nations today are looking at tribulation ready to fall at any time? And some are saying even let tribulation come. Persecution's going to drive the church together. Oh, I know you had some early quotes like that. But don't miss the corner of 1964 and feast of trumpets when brother teaches us it won't be persecution. It'll be the revealing of the word that sets the bride into this rapture. What did he say? Not persecution, but the power of God will put this bride in the rapture. Listen, if you want to go in the rapturing of the church, you better exercise in the power of God that'll manifest his word in this age. This is not a dead letter. This is the power of God under salvation. Oh, I think about this. Amen. I think about this. That same spirit in Matthew 28:18, the Bible said Jesus said, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." Reverend said, "All power." If there was another God, he didn't have any power. You got a God in this world. He's a powerless God. Amen. But my Bible said all power. That means omnipotence. All right. Now watch Brother Band tell us this in the Patmas vision. Remember and keep this in mind. That's quote. Remember and keep this in mind. All that God was he poured into Christ. He was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He's quote Colossians. And all that was in Christ, he poured it. [Music] and all that was in Christ, healings and miracles, the divine powers and manifestations, everything that made the word come to pass in his life, he's going to pour it into the church because it was God who was above us and it was God who was with us. But tonight, my friend, the promise of God is God is in us. Not just any God, not a not an idol, not a God of our imagination, but the God of heaven. Elohim himself has descended into the church to manifest his power in the age that I'm living in. Let me say the same power that raised Jesus from the dead is right here in this building now, abiding in the body of the church of the living God. For I am the vine and ye are the branches and without me you will do nothing. I remember as a young preacher I read that scripture one day and I was meditating Lord what does it mean? What does it mean? And I can't can't tell you how uneducated I was when I first become a Christian. And I'll just tell you simply I didn't know if Matthew was Old Testament or New. So if that tells you anything, I actually I met the author before I read his book. How do you know you met the author? Cuz I agreed with everything he wrote. And I studying over that scripture one day. What's that really mean? Without me, you can do nothing. And I was sitting in a little church. So, I walked in, sat down, and they were just having a little uh Saturday night or Wednesday night service, some midweek type meeting. And I just came in, sat down, and the brother, the pastor saw me come in, and I just a young preacher, and I ain't preached, but a couple times I come in, sat down, and he looked over at me. He said, "Brother Lawson, come bring the word tonight." All right. I didn't have nothing but that scripture I've been thinking about. So, I started down that path. I'm the vine, you're the branches, and without me, you'll do nothing. And when I got toward the end of the sermon, I remember it like it was yesterday, I started preaching on that without me, you will do nothing, but with me, you can do all things. And I said to I said to the little church there, I said, "Listen, if you come in here tonight and you are depressed or you're under some kind of anxiety, you don't have to leave here like you came, but you can be free right now. And listen, just as sure as I'm standing here, I seen a a black uh a black thing come right off of the a woman sitting on the end of the left pew. And she'd come right out like that and went right down the hall and out the back door. It was so real. I turned around and asked the preacher behind me, "Did you see that?" Because you see, we had entered a spiritual realm. Now the brethren didn't see it with his own eyes, but I had been asking the Lord, what does that scripture really mean? Do you see? We can as a man take words of intellect and stimulate the intellectual power. And we can take and put words together to itch the ear and to make you think that we're something as we speak and spellbound the people by our abilities to speak. But you don't move spirits with education. You don't move spirits by intellectual conceptions. Without me, you can heal no one. Without me, you can save no one. Without me, see the works that I do, you shall do because I will be in you. I'll tell you something tonight. If you want to see the power of God, let a believer just begin to believe that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you'll see miracles begin to take place on the most simple scriptures because it doesn't come by knowledge. It comes by heartfelt faith in the word of God. I certainly am a believer tonight and I believe the same power that was in Jesus Christ is in the church of the living God. I believe it. I believe brother Bam said and that same power hallelujah. Let the fundamentalists say, let them people who deny the power of God say it's wrong. But the same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that's got the Holy Ghost. Men and women, it's time you found out who you are. The devil's just trying to hide you back, tell you some little trotten down something, but you're not. You're sons and daughters of God. Make the announcement. Deity is not in heaven. Deity is in you. You are the tabernacle of the deity of almighty God. Come on now. Let's deify Jesus Christ. Could we? Let's deify him. Let's not leave him as the second person of a Godhead. Jesus is both Lord and Christ. Somebody said, "Brother Wayne, you ain't got no scripture to call him God." But when Thomas laid his hands upon his scars, he said, "My Lord. and my God. He was more than a man. He was supreme deity. Say what does that matter? Because if you can see the deity of Jesus Christ and you say deities and you say Jesus is in you. I've got a three-year-old or fouryear-old granddaughter. She'll tell Jesus is in my heart. Well, let me say this. He's the kind of God with the kind of power that you can't dilute him. If you put God in a three-year-old, there's power in a three-year-old. If you put God in an old woman or a young woman or an old man or a young man or an educated or an uneducated man, it don't make any difference. Get God in them and power will be in them because he is the omnipotent God. Hallelujah. He's the omnipotent God. I know people get to the place they get discouraged. I get it. They get discouraged. But let me tell you this. The same power that was in Jesus Christ is in every son and daughter of God. And all that was in God has been poured into the church. The power that has been put in you is a resurrected power. I know y'all know the difference. There's the power of resurrection, but then there's resurrected power. In other words, power that have been used in other ages or other times. Now, if I said to you, I drop this handkerchief and but I reach in my pocket and get another that looks like it, that is a replacement of a handkerchief. But if I reach down and get the same handkerchief, I have resurrected the handkerchief. Listen. And the power that was in Jesus Christ, Amen. The prophet of God said, has been resurrected in its last day. His resurrection power has been resurrected for the church of the living God. We're not operating under a different power. It's the same. the same in every aspect except for the corporal body. Now, that's some pretty powerful stuff, folks. I know that we're in an age lots of discouragements are happening. And I know when it comes to the power of God, it's a great journey and requires pressing. requires pressing through trials and discouragement, disappointments, fusses, feuds, issues of every kind to try to get the church to stop. Isn't this something Brother Brandham says, he said, they said, "Brother Brandom, the people, if you're not careful, you'll take them too far." He said, "I'll tell you what. Why don't they point it to millions that didn't go far enough? [Applause] We're not trying to take you too far. We just want you to go to your potential. We want you to get to the what God promised you you can have. If he promised a million dollars, why would you stop at a h 100,000, [Applause] brother Dale? It belongs to us. I want everything that belongs to me. If you wasn't here Wednesday night, go listen to that sermon cuz he piled up some realities. It belongs to you. Amen. And the prophet of God speaking about Elijah and Elisha, he said, Elijah told that young Elisha, you better turn around and go back cuz this is going to get a little hard. Do you you do you hear that? Amen. Elijah told his followers, you better just go on back if you want cuz this going to get a little hard. So if you're not in it for the finish, you might as well just go home cuz this is not going to get easier. This is not going to get easier. Manifesting the supernatural is not going to get easier. Having tent meetings are not going to get easier. Having the power of God is not going to get easier. that every gun in hell is trained against the sons and daughters of God that believe in the power of God through the manifesting of his spirit. I'll tell you, every devil in hell has come out against it. And everything that could discourage a man, woman, or child has been thrown at us. And even Elijah, even the messenger said, "This is going to get hard." Now y'all, I'm I'm a studier. Brother Bam, y'all know that. And I heard him say, "If somebody tells you this is a flyer, beta ease," he said, "they're a liar." He said, "Either they're a liar or they've never experienced the walk." In other words, they don't know what they're talking about. But even the angel told Brother Random, "Thou hast chose the harder way." Remember, there's an easier route. You can feed the cattle on the other side of the river, but broad is that way. That it leadth unto destruction, but a hard way the children have walked. Amen. But the prophet told us very clearly that the way, Amen, is for character building. Because power, [Applause] the power of God without character, it's demonic. [Applause] But when you get the power of God with the character of God, oh brother, it's fit to rule. Brother Bam said, "Oh, that man of God who's once faced this." He said, "Let me tell you this." Or been throw across his shoulder, that robe of God's righteousness and power. He said, "It's not too easy for that man to turn back." Now, I tell you what, I I know what I'm talking about. If you ever if you ever had that throat across your shoulders once, you ever stand and see the power of God raise the dead or open blind eyes or heal the sick or take a drunk and make him sober, make a preacher out of it. You ever see that, you're not easily displayed or turned away from that. Oh, the way may get hard, but that don't mean we just tuck tail and run. We're not a bunch of cowards. We're not afraid to stand with the power of God. Oh, Brother Wayne, what about all the fanaticism? What about it? Why is everybody always worried about the fanaticism when we got all this real? Take your eyes off of the fanaticism and get it back on the real as a real power. There's a real message. Come on, church. There's a real seven thunders. There's a real bride age. There's a real son of man. There's a real coming of the Lord. There's a real message. There's real shouting. There's real worship. There's real dancing. There's a real experience with God. I don't care what the fanatics are doing. I don't even care. Help me see the power of God. [Applause] Brother Bam said, he said, I say this when I heard the pastor say this morning that many people are becoming discouraged. He said, "What we need, brother, is to take courage. What we need is to be encouraged. Trials may come, but we was never promised to be immune from them." But he'll give us grace to go through them. Hallelujah. Brother Wayne, I'm in the greatest trial of my life. Get ready. Somebody get ready. You're about to experience the greatest grace of your life. He said with every temptation, he offers a way of escape. And if the temptation is great, brother, the escape is going to be wonderful. Amen. This world's getting worse and worse. Tribulation is coming. Gross darkness is upon us. But God has provided a way of escape. We're going home on a cloud of power and the glory. I'm talking about the power of God. It's going to sweep through the church one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9. And this little bride is going to be caught up. Make fun of them if you want to, but it's going to be the ride that I take from one dimension to [Music] the cuz it ain't just power. It's healing power. Transforming power. power to change a body. What we need is to be encouraged. I don't know about y'all, but I need some encouragement. [Applause] We never was promised to be immune from these things, but when they come, we get discouraged by them and think, man, something must be wrong. Well, something might be right. [Applause] What you focusing on? [Applause] Brother Josh shared Revelation one time preaching on that preaching on that theophony. You know, Jesus went to hell and preached. Brother Bam said he was preaching in the same kind of body he met Melazedc in. He shared a revelation on it. He said, he said the disciples are up there walking around whining. Peter done them went and got naked, went fishing. He said, "Cuz they don't think nothing's happening. And Jesus is down there whipping all of hell, taking the keys of death, hell, and the grave. And you don't think nothing's happening. But in the unseen realm, that same supernatural being that was with Melazdc, Amen, is right here in this building tonight. Elohim, Mechazedc, Jesus Christ, is here and he's alive. And I don't know if you can see what's happening, but there's things happening in this building right now, whether you can see them or not. Amen. They're taking place. Healings are manifesting. People are getting courage when they have been discouraged. Life is coming to dark places. [Applause] So, Brother Wayne, what about the mountain? Let me tell you that. If the mountain's too high to go over and the sea's too deep to go under and it's too wide to go around, he'll give you grace to get through it. Don't worry about it. Keep your eyes on Christ. He can take us through. Come on, church. We've read too much about Moses to worry about any Red Sea. We're serving the God of power. We we've read too many stories of how the Red Sea opened. Amen. And God led them across on dry ground. Y'all know what opened that sea? It was wind. Now, if you ever if you ever question what I'm telling you, that wind opened that sea. God sent it. That wind opened it about in the middle of the of the winter whenever the big blows start up there at Lake Erie. Me and Zach put our boat in right there in Hiron and it's about 7 8 sometimes 10t of water where we put our boats in. But when a big blow comes, he's saying right there. When a big blow comes, that 6 or 8t of water will disappear over to New York. It'll pile up at Buffalo over there and our ramps will go completely dry. It'll drop that lake 6 foot because the blow blows that water. Well, listen, that's just a natural average thing that happens. But when God's children couldn't get over the sea, brother Ben said God's path led right through that sea. Come on, he led through the middle of the sea. But because of the power of God, Amen. All they had to do was follow the pillar of fire and a wind be to blow and begin to make that sea stand up. I tell you what, if you want to talk about the power of God, he made that sea stand right up and then it blowed to the to the soil was [Music] dry cuz he didn't want them to have to walk on any more [Applause] mud. Brother, you ever see the power of God displayed that way? You'd get your tambourine, [Applause] too. Come on, Sister Tannis. That's right. Sometimes people get all messed up because somebody rejoices or shouts a little. All I got to say is maybe you ain't had an experience lately with the power of God that'll make you feel like moving in the power of God. This power I'm talking about, it's got a power to give you a breakthrough. It'll break through your Red Sea. It'll break through the shell of your discouragement. It'll break through anxiety and nervousness. It's the power of God. It's power. Y'all know the story. They got on the other side of that seat and Miriam picked that up. Brother Ram said she turned around and seen. She seen them old things laying dead. She seen them dead. And to see, yeah, she felt like dancing. Yeah, she felt like rejoicing. She seen her enemy was dead. What did the prophet hear in this last day? It's only 6 in long. Your enemy is dead. Let me tell you, you might have been fighting something coming in this meeting. Why don't you hear the word? Your enemy is dead. God killed that devil, but you might find liberty in the power of [Applause] God. He's here tonight to open red seas. [Applause] I got to I got to preaching about this one time and got to thinking about how when they got on the other side, Amen. They got over there, they got to hearing noises, thought it might have been war. Somebody getting killed over there on the other side. And finally, somebody asked up the line, "Brother Sean, what's going on up there?" And passed through about 2 3,000. What's going on up there? About three or four more thousand. What's going on? What meanth these noises? And somebody on the other side turned back and begin to shout, "We got to the other side. We've had a breakthrough." About 2 or 3,000 people down the line. It's a breakthrough all the way to the back. It's a breakthrough. I think the dancing started out in the back of the line. Oh, they hadn't got out on the other side, but they knew they were following the one that can bring a breakthrough to every life. Let me tell you, he can bring a breakthrough. Amen. To brother Mark, or brother Wayne, Brother Andrew, Brother Jonathan. He can bring a breakthrough to your life. I'm serving the God of the breakthrough. Chickens break through shells. Salmon break through dams. Amen. Life breaks through the concrete. He's a God of breakthroughs. You go on and serve a dead God if you want to, but my God is alive. He rose up on the third day and sits in power tonight. [Applause] Ah, hallelujah. He's a God of power. If thou can't believe all things, power. You talk about power. Brother Bam called it omnipotent power. All power. Oh, I tell you what, Russia, they got powerful bombs. Brother man said, "I got news for you. Atomic warfare is not the most powerful weapon. It's not the most powerful weapon. The devil is not the most powerful thing. Come on church. A believer in contact with his maker. That is the most powerful thing. To you that's sitting here tonight, I am looking at the most powerful force on planet Earth. [Applause] [Music] Oh, glory be to God. [Applause] No, Elisha, you just stay back here and settle down. We're going to teach some theology after a while. Someday you good student, you can be a dean of the college here. But could you imagine a man of God being satisfied as a dean of a college when the power of God is laying right there? Can you imagine that we could get satisfied with a little education when the power of almighty God is right here? Brother Wayne, are you saying that the church could have the power of God? I'm saying that you've been promised the power of God. Amen. And let me not just say the power of God, but when Elisha saw Elijah cross over, he asked him. He said, "What is it that you're hanging around for? What do you want?" And he told him very clearly what he wanted. He said, "I want a double portion." That's just like that greedy bride. You say, "Preacher, Amen. Why do you always ask for a double of stuff?" because I've been promised. That if you would ask abundantly, your joy could be made full. You have not because you ask not. But if you could ask, Lord, I want a double portion. Amen. Somebody said, "Well, you mean a double portion of what Brother Brandham had?" Brother Brandham said, "A double portion of what Jesus had." He said, "If we ever needed a double portion, we need it now. [Music] But see Elisha's whole heart and motive became that power. His whole heart and motive, brother Bam said he become single and I he said so he wouldn't be satisfied with something else somebody gave him. He wanted Elijah's robe. And brother Bam said that's the same as it is with the church. We don't want no moth eating denominational robe. He said put the robe of the church on. He said it don't do nothing but bind you. They used to teach the power of God, but they don't no more. So if you put the robe on, you can't preach but what they preach. You can't say but what they say. There's anything I hate is that old nickelan spirit trying to put pressure over the bride of Christ that she don't have a right to every promise that God made her in this age. Listen, I don't want to be rude, but I don't need somebody's permission. I do not need a bishop to give me permission to receive God and every promise he's got. Somebody said, "Well, they're going to cut you off." I got my own tapes. I got my own Bible. I've been given the source of eternal life. Cut me off if you want to, but I'll shout on the back side of the desert in the presence of the pillar of fire. It don't matter, brother Andrew. Amen. I want God at any cost. Give me the power of God at the cost of somebody. He's a fanatic. He's this. I don't care. Call me any dirty name you want to. Give me the power of God. Trouble of it today is we yoke ourselves up with a bunch of denomination. But the power of God, Amen, is not yolked up to nobody but God. Well, you know, I'll go get under so and so's ministry and that's where I'll get the power of God. I'll just preach this way a while. I'll go and get under this guy and that's where the power of God will be. I'll go down here in the desert. That's where it's going to be. I I I'll go over here and they'll run from the east and the west and be tied and tossed by every wind of doctrine. But you won't find the power of God yolked up with nobody but God. You want to get power, get in the presence of almighty God and let him burn the sin and unbelief out of your life until that great lick of fire begins to blow up on the inside. Oh, I know it's too hard and there's too much discouragement. Y'all just stay here. Amen. Elisha couldn't think that way. He had already felt the power of God. Now, I'm not reading out of an almanac, folks. If you're craving to see the power of God, there's a power of God somewhere. As long as a human hungers and searches and calling for the power of God, there's got to be a power somewhere to respond to that. If you're if you're thirsting and desiring the power of God, I got a cure. [Applause] [Music] Just like a hungry man, they got a cure after church. They'll cure your hunger. They'll feed you up good. But if you're looking for the power of God, denominational porridge ain't going to fix it. It ain't going to cure it. But the cure would be a double portion of Almighty God. Can I say something just real flat? God hates a powerless [Applause] religion. God hates a powerless religion. God hates a powerless religion. You see, but the power of God that has been released to the church, it is a power and it has a loosening power in it. Yes, it has a power that can loosen the church. Now, when I say to you that you have power, let it be known, I mean power by authority. It means power by authority. Is that right? Amen. I I've learned something lately. Amen. I don't know. I I know you've all studied pardons, but I I got pretty interested in pardon power here a while back because of the elections and all that was going on with all these pardonins. I got interested in all that and I thought, where did the idea even come from? Of course, we know it was biblical, but we found out that it came out of England years ago. And kings actually believe they were kings by divine right, they call it. And in that divine right, they believe that a king had the act of a sovereign grace or they could impart a sovereign act of mercy. So if they deemed someone had been wrongly judged or caught up into something, they reserved a power that could just pardon the individual and let them go. Well, that pardon was carried over to the United States of America when George Woren started using it. Now y'all know George. Amen. When the first rebellion come up in America, Amen. He figured out a way to solve a rebellion. Cuz see, when two sides get to fighting, if you can't pardon one side or the other, then you'll never be on the same side again. Right? Now, now, now think about this because the way to stop rebellion is make everybody on the same side. [Applause] Now, you was on a different side than God. And Adam put you on the wrong side and we was on this side. But Jesus Christ, y'all know he did it by the power of the blood. Brother man said he didn't just make a a bridge between us and God. He said he removed the gap that we're on the same side. So a pardon power puts you back in the same place you was before the rebellion happened in heaven. Now now that pardon was used again with Abraham Lincoln in the civil war. Now, what he did in the Civil War, it's pretty pretty amazing to study, is Abraham Lincoln made a actually what they call a blanket pardon and said anybody that would come back to the State of the Union and pledge allegiance to it and drop their arms could be pardoned from the crime of the Civil War. So, that's a way to heal America was that the pardon would be given. That's actually the Liberty Bell took a took a took a a a tour across America at that same time and they they struck the Liberty Bell. Amen. Because everybody could be free from their confusions and their divisions. And my I'd like to ring a Liberty Bell in the [Applause] message. I'd like to preach a message. We're on the same side. We're on the same side. So, I got interested. You know, I found out, you know, brother Bram said it talks about a pardon's only a pardon if received as a pardon. If you get into history, do you Abraham Lincoln made a bunch of pardons and they actually are floating all over the internet. You can get little Google pictures of them where he just wrote it on a little maybe a little napkin or some little postcard or he wrote it all over kinds of all kinds of papers and everything and it really didn't matter the paper was on it. And people would hold those pardon papers and carry them around with them. If somebody challenged them, they could just show them the pardon paper. That's why that when brother Bam talks about the man didn't want to believe that it was Abraham Lincoln signature on the paper is because the paper didn't reflect that it was a king's message but it held the same authority and the messenger that was running did not have any real power but he was holding power and he was given access to power and was liberating ating someone with with this was this. Now, I can't find the exact Lincoln one, but I found a different one that is uh that actually is in Supreme Court law right now. You go look up the law, but it actually says that before a pardon can be a pardon, a pardon must be delivered. The law states a pardon must be delivered. And the same law states that a delivery is not complete until acceptance. So you can take it and you can preach it, but it's not complete until it's accepted. And then it becomes pardon power or loosening power. Now, we found out that that was used again with Nixon and Ford. Remember when Nixon resigned? Amen. Ford actually pardoned Nixon, ruined his political career by doing so. Nobody wanted him to be president after that cuz they was all mad at Nixon, you know. But he ruined his political career by his pardon. But but what's amazing is what's amazing is is that that that that Biden brought this back up when he pardons all of these people at one time and he had pardoned y'all. Y'all I know some of you probably mad about it, but but he pardoned a bunch of them criminals that was with him. You can't argue if they're politicians. They're all criminals. They're just criminals. There's some caught and some not. But they're all the same. But he did something that I thought was amazing. He gave a preemptive pardon. In other words, he pardoned them before they ever even went to trial. Come on. In other words, he dismissed the case before it was ever brought up. And I thought, dear Lord, if President Biden can preemptively pardon his family, no wonder that the blood of Jesus all the way from Calvary, he could cry, "Father, it is finished." Because power and power reached you and I. Amen. Before we was even born, we were already under a pardon from Almighty God. [Applause] So when Trump comes in office, he just pardons everybody that was in that in and I mean 1,600 of them got pardoned all at one time. It's pretty crazy. But one the one that really got me was when pardon you remember when Trump was the president of the first goround there was a black lady down in Memphis Tennessee that was serving a life sentence for some kind of a drug charge and most everybody else gets out in a year if they didn't go to jail but this poor lady and somebody interceded on her behalf and he he gave her a clemency and let her out of jail early in his first term but in his second term when he come back he said now he got that woman back up into the president's office and he said I'll tell you what I'm going do. I'm not just going to cut your term short. He said, I'm just going to pardon you all together. And then he says to her, because you understand your people and all the people that's been uh in trouble with drugs and things, I'm going to ding you the first pardon Zar of the presidential executive branch. and he gave a woman that had been in prison for drugs a complete pardon and then gave her pardon power. So she's around now going around places offering pardons to people who are still in jail. I said, "Glory to [Applause] God. God took me out of jail, gave me the Holy Ghost, but then he put a pardon over my life. You never done it in the first place." And then he gave me this holy Bible and said, "You go around and you pardon my people. I'm going to make a pardon zar out of you." I tell you tonight, this bride is holding pardon power. You got a right tonight to preach this message of truth to this world. And if you can believe it, you're free. If you can believe it, you're free tonight. And the pardon of God is upon your life. Listen, I don't I don't know about you all, but I thank God tonight that he took this power and set this liberty of this church and gave us a promise that we would be able to loose. Amen. That God would be able to bring the God of miracles alive in the church under the power of promise in this age. Now, I know that some people say, "Well, Brother Wayne, there are things going into my life that you can't get me out of. There are situations that the power there's nothing that's left that could break the problem or that could destroy the issues that's upon my life. But let me say to you tonight, amen, there is a power tonight that has been released under this message that can expose the source of the trouble you're in. This message doesn't just deal with the problem. It deals with what's behind the problem. Yes, sir. As a man brought his wife to a to a meeting of brother Brandhams and she was human demonp possessed. Brother said, "Poor woman had lost her mind. She hadn't spoken months." Brother Brandham said, "She come in there and he said, I reached down there to pray for her and he said, man, that woman was 10 times stronger than a normal man." He said, I said, "Oh my goodness, what am I dealing with?" He said, "I ran back up on the steps and stood beside the man." He said, "I told you, Brother Bam, you don't want to you don't want to you don't want to hold her hand. You don't want to get near her. She'll hurt you." And Brother Brandham said, "I got up on the steps, said that woman come crawling across the the the floor on her back chasing me." He said, he rolled over and said, "William Brandom, what have I got to do with you?" And the man looked at Brother Bam said, "Brother Bham, she ain't spoke no words in a long time. said, "She don't know who you are, let alone who she is or nothing else." Brother Brandham said, "That's the devil talking out of her." The man said, "Brother Brandon, we've sold everything we had to get her in this meeting tonight." Said, "We can't just turn around and go home." He said, "She's kicked all the windows out of the car. We don't We've sold them." I think he said he sold his mules and and got everything he could just to get her to the meeting. And brother Bam said, "I turned and looked at the man." He said, "Have you heard my story about the angel?" Come on. Man said, "Yes, Brother Brandham. We've heard." He said, "Do you believe it?" He said, "Yes, Brother Brandham. I believe it." Brother Brandham said, "Then thus saith the Lord." Oh, church of the living God. That thus saith the Lord brought a deliverance to that life. There was no intellectual powers. There was no psychology powers. There was no drug powers. But the power of God brought to us by the message was a deliverance for that woman's life. A power that can break every spell over lives. A power, let me just say very clearly that can break the hold that Satan has over your home, that has over your family, the spell Satan has cast against your against your humanity, against the healing in your body. Many people sitting here tonight either are under some kind of pressure or they have family that is in some kind of great amen issues and trials going on everywhere. But there still remains a power tonight. A power that can break the curse of this enemy that hasn't come upon the church. Oh, I love how Brother Bam said it. He said, "I was sitting there one day." He said, "I had that dream, remember?" And he said, "I seen a bunch of good people and they were in a cage." And he said, "Those bars were holding them in. Man-made bars were holding the people in." You know what brother Brandham said? The woman told Brother Brandham said, "They're good people." Brother Brandham, he said, "They have just misunderstood you." Oh, how many times has misunderstandings built cages? Come on, church. How many times has misunderstandings put problems in homes and families? and the devil standing back laughing because a young believer or a young family seemed so encased by the situation. But I love how brother Brandham stood back. He said, "And I looked and he said, the Lord," Amen. said, "Free him." And he looked back and he said, "I I I didn't have the muscles to do it. I was just a little fella." He said, "But I heard the sweetest voice. Free him. Turn them loose." And brother Bram said, I reached back and said, "Oh, house of hell. Yeah. Give way in the name of Jesus Christ. He said, "And the bars begin to break and the people begin to run, I'm free. I'm free." And I'll tell you something tonight. Amen. If we could hear the power of this message coming right to our house and address, we could realize tonight there's not one person would have to leave this building tonight bound. Not one young person would have to leave bound in pornography. Not one young person would have to be under the power of lust. Not one young person would have to be here tonight under the the power of alcohol or drugs. Not one believer would have to suffer with neurotics and anxiety and depression. Oh, house of hell. The power is in the name of Jesus Christ. I'll tell you tonight, if you begin to say that name over the situations of your life, there is power in it. Come on. Come on. There's power in the name. Listen, I I I know you know these things, but when David met his Goliath, what did he do? He said, "Now you come to me. You come to me with just stabs and swords, but I'm coming in the name of the Lord God. Think about this. In the name of the Lord. Brother Ram. Josh. Brother Ram said that was the rod that was in Moses's hand. That was what was David's secret was the name of the Lord. He said in the name of Jesus is the secret of this bride church. If the devil could ever get that name out of your hands, Brother Bam said it would be like taking the rod out of the hand of Moses. You see that name is where the access of power lays. That name now, now can we take a moment? Is is everybody okay? That that power is in that name. Now you you I'm just going to preach tonight and I hate that I got to leave. But I I just want to I want to say something. That's what the devil's always been after is the name. The fullness of that name. Did if you if you uh if you're a Bible student history lesson, I I I'm I'm not going to stay here a long time, but I I had a little travel in history, Bible history, and and and looked at some things that are pretty amazing. Do y'all know that the early Christians were actually crucif crucified and they were they were beaten and they were persecuted by the pagans? Who who was beating them up early? was the pagans. And you know, all the way up to 300 years after Christ, they were they were persecuted and hung and beat and destroyed. But in but in 303, now this is real crucial to our churches. In 303, they passed a law outlawing Christianity in the Roman Empire. And for 10 years, it was the bloodiest persecution the church had ever faced until Constantine of 313 when he passed a law, the edict of Milan. And actually when he passes this law, he actually makes it legal to be a Christian. But there was so many arguments among the Christian people of what true Christianity was because there was idolattors and they had come into the church what they called nicicoatans. Now this is really a powerful point. Do you know about those nickelans? Brother Brandham said what they were. He said they conquered the leoty. Come on. He said there was a time when the church of the living God, if he had operated under the power of God and it met in little store rooms and houses and wherever they could get together and they would get together and the power of God would fall and brother said people started getting the Holy Ghost and they started going home and their masters started seeing the outpouring and the he said then the higher ups got to saying they'd like to go to them meetings and they'd like to see the power of God. He said, "And when they got to doing it," he said, "All of a sudden, they begin to want to change the way it was done." That's right. He said, "And anybody that didn't come under that change was labeled a heretic." So all of a sudden, they wanted to take over and begin to dictate to the church what kind of worship you could perform in the church of God. So they became the nicicoatans and you all know about them. But in but in 313 Nick Constantine said y'all can all be Christians and everybody was arguing. So he comes together in 3:25 and he says let's do this. Let's make a let's make a union. Let's make an ecumenical. Let's discuss this and get something everybody can agree on and then we'll call that the church. The problem is is the only people that gave up anything was the Christians because the pagans kept their idols. They kept their names. They kept everything else and they just titled it Christian Catholics. And took away the deity of the name of Jesus Christ. I got the paperwork right here of the very words they wrote and they they called it the Nian council where they made a trinitarian God of father, son and holy ghost in equal majesty and called it Catholic Christianity and in AD 3:25 it was passed and they elected a pope who become over the bishop of the Roman Catholic Church but by the time of AD 380 just 60 years later they passed a law called the edict of Thessalonica. Amen. And made it outlawed any religion but the Catholic religion. So from 8030 380 all the way to 80500 68 million Christians were killed. You said preacher what's the what's the point behind this? Because what they did is they separated it between the formal and the heretic. Anybody that didn't worship in the formal way was considered heretic. And they were liable. Amen. That they could be killed. They could be punished. They could be talked about. They could be beat. They could be ridiculed because they were labeled a bunch of holy rollers. And the devil has always labeled God's church holy roller. Amen. Spiritual people. But they were spiritled. And they wouldn't give up the power of God or the power of the church. They wouldn't give up the power of God. And they would stand there with the power of God. And they were beaten and burned and fed to lions, but they could not be discouraged. Oh, church of the living God. What did that devil want to do? Wanted to dictate the worship. And that's the same thing that devil wants to do tonight is dictate how we worship God. There was a lady in brother Bram's meetings. Amen. She come, Brother Bam. She said, "Brother Brandham, I was in your meeting the other night." He said, "It got to feeling so good." And she said, "I tell you what, those people got to shouting and hollering amen while you was preaching." She said, "I wanted to jump right up and just shout amen right in the middle of them." And brother Brandham said, "Well, why didn't you?" And she said, "Well, Brother Brandham," she said, "I'll tell you this." She said, "I almost did, but just as I got ready to jump up, the devil told me I wasn't worthy. He told me that I had no rights to worship God like that. Brother Brandham said that's exactly when you ought to have got up and done it. Don't you let a devil dictate when you're going to worship God. He'll beat you up. He'll call you bad names. He'll say every dirty thing about you. But I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to worship God. I'm going to praise God in the power of his resurrection. The way that you call heresy is the way that I worship the Lord God of Abraham. You say, "Preacher, what's got a hold of you? You can't cheap. You can't cheapen my worship. You can't cheapen it down to the place where I'm not going to worship." Oh, y'all just got cheap worship around here. That's what the devil says. You know why he says that? To keep you from worshiping. [Music] Listen, I I I'm not a crazy man. The devil wants to cheapen worship. Look what he said. Look what he said to Job's. You remember when God and the devil were talking about Job? You remember what he said? He said he only worships you because you got a hedge built around him. Look what he done. He cheapened Job's worship to just good times. God, if you gave that man some hard days, he wouldn't worship you like that. God, if you took the protection away from him and he had to be sick a few days, if trouble come to his church a few days, if trouble comes to the family a few days, he just wouldn't worship you no more. Well, let me tell you this, devil. We don't have cheap worship around here. And the Bible says God said, "Go ahead, devil. Just don't take his life. You'll know what happened. We remember when everything was taken from Job, messenger after messenger run in and gave him bad news. You shouldn't worship God cuz your children just died. You shouldn't worship God cuz you lost your house. You lost your car. You lost your animals. You lost your farm. Job, you've lost everything. And that man of God and hearing it, he lifted his head. He said, "The Lord giveth. The Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And he fell down and began to worship God. Listen, I want every devil out of hell to know we will worship God. By the way, you've lost your mind. No sir, brother. We will worship the God of [Applause] Abraham. People think that they can put it out. You know, if you talk bad enough about it long enough, if you make it sound bad enough and and you make a ridicule enough of it that everybody will stop, right? That's what they did with Jesus. All the Pharisees around said, "Don't you have nothing to do with him. Don't you have nothing to do with him." Amen. And they had that to Jesus come to the meeting and didn't even get didn't even get his feet washed. But brother Bam said one little woman. She ruined the whole plan cuz brother she broke out. Come into that room, brother Wendle, and she had that oil in her hand. She broke the lid off and poured it on the feet of Jesus. Little things in the Bible mean a lot. She broke off the brother Gabe. She broke it off. You know what that means? It means she was going to pour it all out. She wasn't going to put the lid on it for tomorrow night. But she broke it off because she was going to pour out everything that she had at the feet of Jesus. Let me tell you, I worship my God. Amen. The way they call heresy and shouting and praising and tongue talking and dancing and enjoying the things of God. We will worship him in spirit and in truth. I'm not worshiping because I have power over the devils. I'm worshiping because my name has been put in the lamb's book of life from the foundations of the world. Come on, church. Y'all know we're in the time of the opening of the book. It's a different age than any other age that's ever come. You're living in the age when the book has become open. Now, there's been a lot of ages and there's been a lot of people in that book, but not everybody knew their names was there. But in our age, brother Sean, in our age, a mighty angel descended out of heaven with an open book in his hand. Amen. The Bible tells us when that book was opened up that John, a type of this bride, got so excited and he began to worship, he worshiped until everything in heaven. And everything in the earth heard I John say, I tell you what, I don't even think we got started worshiping God yet. I think we ought to worship till everything in the heavens hear us, until everything in the hell hears us, until everything in the earth hears us. Don't let a devil dictate your worship. We're the sons and the daughters of God. We've got a right to dance. We've got a right to shout and worship and praise God. Hey, we got a right to this. We don't just want it. It belongs to us. [Applause] Power. Let our musicians come. Power to worship. The power of God to worship God. You don't think it don't take power to worship him? Amen. You can't even call him the Christ without the Holy Ghost. Come on, church. You ain't never worshiped God until you got in the spirit of God. Hallelujah. I got a ton of it here, so I ain't going to preach it all. There's a power that comes into the believer that releases them to worship God. Listen, there's there's a there's a gazillion hindrances. There's a million reasons you shouldn't tonight. You ain't worthy, right? You ain't worthy, right? We're not worshiping you. That's right. Amen. We are not worshiping your worthiness. He is worthy. He is worthy of all of our praise. You can't shout too loud. You can't cry too loud. Come on, church. It's a power. Satan wanted to get that power out of the name of the church. He He wanted to get the name of Jesus away so that you couldn't access that power through that name. Sitting in here tonight, Brother Diego, God bless his heart, back there translating him and Brother Ronnie been doing a lot of mission work down in Mexico over the last few years. God has really began to use them in a in a special way in the mission work there. Some of these things are not widely broadcast, but they're being done all the same. Just this last Easter down there in Mexico, the Holy Spirit began to pour over a service. In one of the last services, the pastor's mother-in-law was sitting there, 78 years old, lost her hearing completely when she was a little girl. Some of the very parts for the hearing wasn't even in her [Music] ears, completely destroyed. But in the prayer line in that meeting, God restored that woman's healing, gave her hearing again at 78 years old. You're not too old to be [Music] healed. Brother Wayne, I'm old. I'm about to die. You don't have to die sick. You're not too old for the healing of God. Lots of people in Brother Bram's meetings was healed with hearing problems. You know, there's many many of them I I've studied this in depth through the years, but many people come in Brother Bram's prayer line. He'd start talking to them and maybe they were needing some kind of healing and he'd say, "I see that you're smoking cigarettes." He said, "Now, if you would repent of that, God will heal you." And he'd pray and they receive all kinds of different healings, but I I heard one one day, this boy walks in the prayer line and he can't hear. He's deaf. And brother Ram's praying. He said, "God," he said, "Normally, I would preach the gospel to this man and ask him for a repentance." And then if he would repent, he would receive his healing. He said, "But in this case, Lord, I'm asking you to give him his healing first. Heal his ears, Lord, so he can hear the gospel." [Music] Because if you could hear the [Music] gospel, some of us that are in the minister chats, different ones of them, just last fall, Sister Jessica Alvareo right there at Brother Diego's church, we sent out a a long prayer. I still got the prayer request, but Jim, you probably read it. She was battling with leukemia for over a year. grew worse and worse in her spinal cord. At the end of February this year, the cancer had spread into every vital organ into her lungs. She was in ICU on life support. Doctors had said she's come to her end. Brother Ronnie and brother Diego was getting ready to leave on a mission trip and he thought he might have to cancel it. So, he went up to the to the hospital. He didn't want to leave her. If she was passing, he wanted to remain. He went up to them the night before and he asked the Lord, "What do you want me to do?" The Lord said, "You go. I'll take care of her. Everything will be all right." Two weeks ago, she was remitted with not one trace of cancer at [Applause] all. You read the prayer request that was on that chap. We still got the request in there. Completely healed because the power of God is still alive. It's the same yesterday today. And forever. I say tonight, his power is still real. His power is still real. Maybe you bow your hearts with us. I know we're going to have a prayer line tomorrow night, but I just want to pray with you tonight. I want to ask the Lord. Maybe there's a special need in your life. If there's something you need, I just wonder maybe you'll just lay your hand one on the other tonight. Believers all over this building. Almighty God, though who we worship tonight, we worship the God of heaven. Lord, we worship the God that hung the stars and the moon, the sun, Lord, that built this earth and the atmospheres thereof. We worship you who built the human body, Lord, that designed it. Father, some here tonight are sick in those bodies, Lord. And God, you have proven beyond a doubt that you are the healer. We ask you tonight that you would come into this meeting. You would heal the bodies. Lord, you would touch the lives. We ask you tonight, Father, maybe one here tonight that are under depression. Maybe an anxiety has come into their life, complexes that begin to to deteriorate faith. I pray that the power of God would break the hold of that enemy right here in this building tonight, Lord. Father, I pray as we worship the God of salvation, the God of healing, the God of mercy, the God of deliverance, may you show yourself alive among us, Lord. May, Father, miracles begin to take place in this building tonight, Father, out across the airwaves as people begin to listen to these sermons. I pray that healing virtues would flow wherever your word reaches tonight, Lord. May they be reminded that you are a God of power. I ask you father in the name of Jesus touch your children Lord wherever they may be father I pray it in the name of Jesus [Music] Christ. Amen and amen. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go ahead, brother. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's healing. Oh, there is healing in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. There is healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is freedom. Oh, there is freedom in the name of Jesus. There is freedom in the name of Jesus. There is freedom in the name of [Music] Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army. Oh, there's an army riseing up. Are you that army tonight? There's an army riseing up. There's an army rising [Music] up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the bride. There is power in the bride of Jesus. There is power in the bride of Jesus. Yes, there is. There is power in the bride of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, there is freedom in the name of Jesus. There is freedom in the name of Jesus. There is freedom in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] Yes, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. Oh, he is [Music] here. He is here. He is here. [Music] I receive it. Can you sing it now? Heal that is here. Oh, he is here. Thank you, Lord. Oh, healing is [Music] here. Healing is here. And I believe it. I reach my hands. Oh, I reach my hands toward the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock and my healer. I trust in you. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. Do you believe it tonight? Oh, Jesus is [Music] here. Jesus is here. Thank you, Lord. in your name. And I receive him. I reach my hands. Oh, I reach my hand. [Music] Lord, I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock and my healer. I trust in you. Satan can't stay any longer. Oh, Satan can't stay any longer. For your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God. You are the God of all power. And it is your will that my life is here. Oh, Satan can't stay any longer. For your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God. You are the God of all power. And it is your will that my life is here. I reach my hands. I reach my hands toward the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock and my healer. I trust in [Music] you. Jesus is here. Jesus. Yes, he is. Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, Jesus is here. I receive him. I receive him. Jesus is here. Oh, [Music] Jesus. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus [Music] receive. I receive [Music] him. How do you explain? [Music] How do you describe love that goes from east to west runs as deep as it is wide. You know all our hopes. [Music] You know all our fears. Words cannot express the love we feel but we long for you to hear. So listen to our heart, hear our spirit sing. Song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. [Music] We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. [Music] Give words before I name. Yes, Lord. Oh, from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to our heart, every beat will say, "Oh, thank you for the light. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way." Sing it now. Oh, listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit [Music] sing. Song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. [Music] And we will use the words we know to tell you what and awome God you are. When words are not enough tell you of our love. Listen to our hearts once again. Oh, listen to our heart. Hear our spirit sing. All the praise the flow from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. [Music] You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship. Sing that again now. You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. He is way, miracle worker, promise keeping, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. Miracle, promise keep in my darkness. My God, that is [Applause] my worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. You make maker, miracle work, promise keep, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you wipe away all tears. You wipe away our tears. You men the broken heart. You're the answer to it all. Jesus. Oh, you wipe away all tears. You men the broken heart. You're the answer to it all. Jesus, even when I don't see it, I love this. Even when I don't see it, he's working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. Never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. Even when I don't see it, he's working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. Never stop worse. So you better get down. Even when I don't see it, even when I don't see it. Hallelujah. Don't ever stop. Sing that again now. Even when I don't see it, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. Never stop. You are here. You are here. You're turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are here. In every heart. I worship you. I were without music. Now way maker you are maker. It sounds good. You are way light in my darkness. My God. That is who you are. You've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. You've been hearing the same old voice. Tell the same old lies. We've all run to things we know just ain't right. But there's a better life. There's a better life chain breaker. Oh, if you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. You got me. Then we go up and keep day breaker. We've all searched all the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. Oh, we've all run to things we know just ain't right. I've come to tell you there's a better life. [Music] There's a better life if you got pain. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. Oh, when I was [Music] lost, he's a way maker. When I needed freedom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. You got chains. Sing that again now. breaker for you. He's a pay taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need a freom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. You got chain. Verse one, chain breaker. Oh, have you been walking the same old road for miles and miles? If you've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old lies. Oh, if you're trying to feel the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. come to tell you now. If you got paid, he's a pay taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom for saving, he's a prison shaking s. He's a chain breaker. Oh, we've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. Oh, we've all run to things we know just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life. Oh, if you can't pay, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or save, he's a prison shaking s. Sing that again now. If you got [Music] [Applause] paid when I was lost. He's a way maker in beauty, freedom for saving. He's a prison [Music] shame. He's a chain breaker. Well, the devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, the devil don't like no praising around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mouth. Devil don't like no praising around here. Well, now the devil don't like no clapping around here. The devil don't like no clap around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going clap on my mind. Devil don't like no clapping around here. How about singing? Well, the devil don't like no sing around here. The devil don't like no singing around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't like. Don't lock. Don't see. Get around. How about shouting now? Well, now the devil don't like no shouting. No, we don't. The devil don't like no shouting around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to shout. The devil don't like no shouting around y'all about dancing now. Well, now the devil don't like no dancing around here. The devil don't like no dancing around here. You see now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to dance with all my mind. The devil don't like no dancing around here. Well, I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got a right or to lift my voice. Oh, ain't nobody got a ride. Like the children of the Lord. See the light. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've got a ride. Well, I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got a ride. to live my voice. Oh, ain't nobody got a ride like the children of the Lord seeing by the blood of the lamb. Well, now the devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise all my mind. Devil don't like no pray. How about clapping? Let me hear you. Well, don't like no. Devil don't like the clapping around here. Well, now I don't care. Devil don't look no. I'm about dancing now. Well, now the devil don't like no dancing around here. The devil don't like no dancing around here. Oh, now I don't care. Oh, now I'm going to dance with all my devil don't like no dancing. I got a right. Well, I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got right to live my voice. Oh, ain't nobody got like children alive. I'm going to ride. Oh, I've gone right to praise the Lord. I've gone right to live my voice. Ain't nobody like the children of the Lord. See the life of every blood of the lamb. I found a rise to [Applause] [Applause] [Music] No. Why? [Music] [Music] All I see now will I'm going to ride to praise the Lord. I'm going to ride to lift my voice. Ain't nobody count right who see the light of redeemed by the blood of the lamb of [Applause] God. Hallelujah. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. I was on my way to hell. Then Jesus set me free. I was on my way to hell. Then Jesus set me free. Oh, I was on my way to hell. Then my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. mercies set me free. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, now Satan have me bound. Then my Jesus set me free. Oh Satan have me bound. Then my Jesus set me free. Oh now Satan have me bound. Then my Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so [Music] glad. Oh, now I know. Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Well, Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a great hand clap of praise tonight. Jesus. Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's got all three in one. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I have a right to praise him, the right to worship him, too. Cuz I saw my name revealed by the lamb, too. I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Listen now. I remember the day he saved me from my sin and changed. I came up out of that water baptized in Jesus name. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God if you'll serve him. He's still God if you won't. I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God. It's God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God of the first. He's the God of the last. He's the God of my future. He's the God of my past. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I really like this. Well, they call us holy rollers. They're always making fun. I'm glad I got the Holy Ghost. I'm living in the sun. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he was God in Moses. He was God in Paul, too. He was God in William Brandom. He's God in me and you. I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God in Jesus is his name. Hallelujah. I said I have a right to praise him, a right to worship him, too, because I saw my name revealed by the lamb, too. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I sing a little bit different. Well, that devil don't like no praising God around here. I said that devil don't like no praising God around here. But I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all of my mind. Devil don't like no praising God around here. Well, that devil don't like no shouting around here. That devil don't like no shouting around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to shout with all of our might. Devil don't like no shouting around here. Hallelujah. I said that devil don't like no dancing around here. That devil don't like no dancing around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to dance with all of our might. Devil don't like no dancing around here. Well, that devil don't like no Holy Ghost around here. That devil don't like no Holy Ghost around here. But I don't care what the devil don't like. I got the Holy Ghost in all this life. Devil don't like no Holy Ghost around here. Oh, church singing now. That devil don't like no praising God around [Music] here. That devil don't like no praising God around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to praise him with all of our might. Devil don't like no praising God around here. That devil don't like no dancing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] don't like no dancing around here. Well, now the devil don't like no shouting around here. The devil don't like no shouting around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to shout with all my power. Devil don't like no shouting around here. will and some glad morning when this life is over I fly away oh to a home on goless shore oh I'll fly away I'm singing I fly away oh glory I fly away in morning. Well, I cannot die. Hallelujah. This is why cuz I fly away. Lord, when the shadows of this life have grown, I fly away. And like a bird from the bars has flown. Oh, I fly away. I'm singing I fly away for glory. I fly away in the morning. I cannot die. Hallelujah. Flying by. I fly away. Listen out. with just a few more happy days and then I'll fly away. You believe it tonight to a home where joy shall never end. Oh, I fly away. I'm singing I fly away. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, I cannot die. Hallelujah. Flying by. Oh, I fly away. Sing like a man one more time. Oh, [Music] I fly [Music] away. I cannot die. Hallelujah. Fire and I will. Do you believe it tonight? Sing it again. Oh, it's going to be a reality one of these days. Fly away. Well, I cannot die. I'm going to be caught up in the sky. I'm one more time. Yes, I'm going to fly away. Yeah, I'm fly away. Well, I cannot die. Hallelujah. Fly, fly away. Well, praise the Lord, church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name. Hallelujah. Well, have you felt like you just had church tonight? Hey, there is nothing wrong with being free in the Holy Ghost. I love to see people free and worshiping the Lord. You say, "Well, these young people don't know what they're doing." They may not even know what they're doing. Amen. But the angel of the Lord can move upon a young person just as much as he can an old person. I'd rather him see him dancing up here in the for the Lord than to dancing in the barroom somewhere's else. Can you say amen? I think we're training them right just to worship the Lord. Be free in the Lord. Shake off that formalism and let God just have his way. Blessed be the Well, we've got something to shout about, don't we? We got something to rejoice about. Bless the name of the Lord. Well, let's just sing this song. It's a slower song, but we'll sing it anyway. He touched me. How many's been touched? You been touched. Now, you know what, church? They're getting ready to have a a rock and roll group next Wednesday or next week. Metallica. They're expecting a 100,000 people to show up. They're going to be screaming. They're going to be hollering. They've already told all of the the businesses to ramp up your security cuz they're bringing in halens. Now, that's what Metallica and that's what them rock and roll group brings. But the blood of Jesus Christ has brought us together. The message has brought us together. They don't have to worry about us stealing. They don't have to worry about us painting the town red. We've got something to shout about. Our shout is right. Our praising God is right. I was bound for hell, but now I'm heaven heaven bound. I was a sinner, but now I'm a saint. I was bound, but now I'm free. Don't stop me from praising God. I know exactly what I'm doing. I don't have to get on a bottle to act crazy. I'm crazy on the blood of Jesus Christ. The power of Jesus Christ. I'm on my way to heaven. I ain't going in tribulation. I'm on my way to heaven. These young people are on their way to heaven. Are you on your way to heaven because he touched me. Hallelujah. I can't explain it, but I know he touched me. Amen. Amen. And let's sing it now. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the [Music] joy. Oh, it floods my soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me. Can we sing that first verse? Oh, I was shackled by You know what it was like. You know what it was like to be in them chains? Couldn't help yourself. You was just a puppet to the devil. But God rich in mercy. Hallelujah. The hand of Jesus. Oh, he touched me. And now it isn't just a weekend thing. It's an eternal thing. I'll never be the same again. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy, it floods my soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me. Sing that second verse. Oh, since I met this blessed Savior. Aren't you glad you met him? All in sense he cleansed and made me [Music] whole. I will never cease to praise him. I will shout it. Hallelujah. This is just a prefigure of what we're going to do for eternity. Oh, he touched me. Yes, he touched me. And all the joy that hurts my soul. It was something that happened. And now I know touched me. Sing the last lines. It was something. Oh, something happened and now I know he touched me. made me whole. Can you lift your hands and just worship the Lord? Hallelujah. So thankful for that eternal touch. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Well, aren't you glad for the power of God. Did you enjoy the service tonight? Blessed be his holy name. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. And amen. I just believe God has done great things uh this evening and done some supernatural work in the lives of the people. Amen. And just looking forward to what God has in store for us in the morning. Amen. Service going to start at 11:00 and u uh we just invite you to come come with expectation. Amen. just believing God to speak to us once again. Amen. And uh we love the Lord and just want to say I appreciate all you pastors for coming and supporting uh this meeting and and your churches and it just means a lot to us and um uh we just you know um glad that we could all come together and under the unity of the spirit. Amen. And uh I just we've got food prepared uh uh for you. So don't leave until you get something to eat. And of course we'd love to fellowship with you as well. And uh so um we're going to meet you know at the tabernacle just up the hill and the young people if you you can get your food and if you want to head up that way toward the kitchen so you could uh uh visit and fellowship. Also we this year we have reserved that small tent uh up there for the ministers and their wives. So you ministering brothers if if you want to uh you can sit anywhere you you know uh visit but if you'd like to uh uh go in the tent there and and visit with ministers I um uh you're more than welcome to do that. So, God bless you and um uh Brother Kenny, do you want to come and dismiss us in prayer? Amen. And uh also pray over the food. Praise the Lord. Lord's good, isn't he? Amen. He is so good. Praise the [Music] Lord. Praise the Lord, church. My haven't we had a time. My my my brother Daryl and Brother Matt now Brother Wayne and it's not over yet. We've got more coming. I don't know about you, but I've had a fine time. Just enjoyed myself thoroughly. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you once again tonight, Lord. Lord, we want to thank you for what you've done for each and everyone tonight, Lord. No doubt, Lord, you've touched lives. You've touched hearts. Lord, you've touched souls. Maybe you've touched pocketbooks, whatever it may be. But we want to give you praise and glory and honor for all that you've done. Lord, we just thank you for your mercy and your grace. We thank you, Lord, for healing power. We thank you, Lord, for saving power. We thank you, Father, for all that you do. We pray tonight, Lord, that you go with each and every one, Lord, that you would help them, Lord, along life's way, Lord, you would bring the reality of this wonderful message to each and every heart. Oh, grant it to us tonight, Lord. Lord, we're a needy people. We need you, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord. Oh God, have mercy on each and everyone tonight. Lord, may you may they go in their way, Lord, and be safe in their travels. Grant it to them, Father. Come back tomorrow expecting as our brother said, expecting to receive once again. Grant it to us, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints is our prayer. Remember service in the morning at 11. God bless all the earth. Let us see power and majest praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in [Music] you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your [Music] mouth. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing power and mass. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love. Forever I'll stand. Not being compared to the promise I have in you. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all praise. You'll have mercy. You deserve the [Music] glory. All the saints and [Music] angels they bow before the throne. [Music] Oh, the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. You are all faith. You deserve the glory. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great how [Applause] great our God. [Music] The splender of the [Music] king and majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in [Music] light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? All will see. How great, how great is our God. You're the name. Oh, you are the name above all names. And you're worthy of all praise. Yes, my heart will sing how great is our God. You are the name above all names and you're worthy of all praise. [Music] My heart will sing how great is our God. Let the worippers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my [Music] own. I surrender to the [Music] king. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great how great is our [Music] God. How great is our God. Sing with me. [Music] Oh, see how great, how great is our God. You are the name above all names. You're worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our [Laughter] God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great. [Music] Oh, we see how great how great is our God so I trust in God my savior. Blessed assur Jesus is mine. [Music] He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. Born of his spirit, washed in his [Music] blood. And what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. Oh, I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never [Music] fail. He will never [Music] fail. Perfect submission. Oh my. All is at rest. I know the author of tomorrow is order my step. So this is my [Music] story. This is my song. I'm praising my ris king and savior all the day long. Oh, I trust in God, my Savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. Oh, I sought the Lord. He heard, he answered. I sought the Lord, he heard, he answered. I sought the Lord, he heard, he answered. That's why
