################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - Pastor Shawn Martin A People Separated To The Lord Pt. 3 - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-03
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "A People Separated To The Lord" Pt. 3
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12NopOlnP20
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] do. D. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah, [Music] [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radiant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. came. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me and he saved me from my enemies. Oh, the son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. him. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Just fear the Lord. Oh, all ye saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name. Oh, together glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name for it. Can you stand and sing it again? Magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name. Oh together glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Did you come to exalt his name? Come exalt his name. Oh together, glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. I come to magnify the name of the Lord Jesus this morning. Oh my, he's so worthy to be praised. Amen. It's good to have each and everyone here with us this morning. It was really good to have our visitors with us this morning. I believe um the young man is going to be going to Virginia Tech. So, let's just uh keep him in our prayers that the Lord would just be with him. Amen. Maybe we could just bow our heads for a moment as we approach the the father this morning. And dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege, Lord, to come to your house, Lord, to give you praise, Father. Lord, we ask that you would just uh feel welcome this morning, Lord. I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, Lord. That you would touch every heart, that you would touch every mind, Father. Lord, Lord, I pray that you would just have your way, Lord. I ble I pray that you'd just bless the singing this morning, Lord. Lord, bless the man of God as he comes and brings forth your word, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would just speak to us this morning, Lord, as our prayer. Lord, we love you. We thank you. Help us, Lord, to give you the glory, honor, and all the praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Can we sing that song? Victory is mine. Well, I woke up this morning. I didn't have a doubt cuz I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, just help me please." Oh, I rose up. Shout the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today is mine. Joy, oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today, it is mine. Oh, I've told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, joy today is mine. And the rapture, oh the rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today, it is mine. Will I told Satan to get thee behind? Oh, the rapture today is mine. Well, I woke up this morning. I didn't have a doubt cuz I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Oh, I rose up shouting the victory. Oh yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, the victory today is mine. Healing, oh yes, healing is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Oh, healing today, it is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, healing today, it is mine. Freedom. Oh yes. Freedom is mine. Oh, freedom is mine. Freedom today it is mine. Will I Satan to get thee behind? Oh, freedom today is mine. Oh yes, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh victory today, it is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. One more time as they come for the offering. Victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Amen. Do you believe every promise of God belongs to you? Amen. Brother Tim, we just bless you. [Music] You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Oh. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Oh, as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Now when Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad. Are you glad my sins are gone? Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Oh, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. You see, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Oh, as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. Can we sing that again? Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. My sins are gone. [Music] Amen. Do you believe your sins are gone? Amen. Where are they? They're under the blood. Amen. So thankful for that this morning. Amen. Can we sing that song? God is so good. Amen. Is he good to you? Oh, God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Sing it again. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He's so good to Can you lift your hands and sing it to him now? Oh, God is so good. Yes, he is. Oh, God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He's so good to me. He answers prayers. Oh, he answers prayers. Yes, he answers prayers. Oh, he answers prayers. He's so good to me. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He's so good to me. As they would just play softly. Now, we've got a few written prayer requests we want to make known this morning. Amen. We want to uh keep Sister Hope in our prayers. Um, I believe she's just having a lot of back pain and uh it's pretty severe there. So, let's just keep her in our prayers this morning. We also want to keep Brother Bob, Sister Janice, uh, Sister Brenda, Brother Schmai, Sister Bethany, they're all sick, not feeling well. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. Uh, Brother Bill, uh, he's been been sick. And so, we will also want to keep Sister Kim uh, weeks in our prayers. Amen. Uh she told me yesterday that she's in less pain now than she was when she before she had her surgery. So the surgery didn't give her any pain or anything like that. It's really good to see her here this morning. Amen. It's really good to see Sister Martha here this morning. The Lord's been or the Satan's really been attacking uh her. So we just thank the Lord for for her being here. Amen. We want to keep them both in our prayers that the Lord would just give him full recovery. Amen. Uh we want to keep Brother Doug's brother-in-law in our prayers. Uh James Hall, he's in the hospital with double pneumonia. So let's just keep him in our prayers this morning. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would come and lead us. Amen. We want to keep Sister Alice in our prayers that the Lord would just touch her. Uh they think it might be uh CO or or something like that. Uh so let's just keep her in our prayers uh this morning. And how many has an unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. We want to remember our pastor. The Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember me as well. I was a little sinus infection this week. But uh we approach your throne of reverence, Lord. We got many needs on our hearts. Lord, you see the needs of the assembly. Father, we just ask you that you'll come up on the scene for us, Lord. Meet these needs. Continue to do the mighty works in each and every one of us, Lord, to minister to our lives, Lord. We just most of all want to entertain you this morning, Lord. We come expectation uh with expectations that we always have, Father. Want to wash your feet this morning, Lord, and so grateful for what's going to take place this morning. And we already see that you're here, Father. We we uh we brought you with us, Father, this morning, Lord, and just um created an atmosphere. here and we're so grateful for it, Lord. Thankful for what you're going to do for us, Lord. But I got many things on my heart and mind to say, Lord, and try to get it all out, Lord. But, uh, most of all, just speak to our hearts this morning, Lord, and feed us, Lord. Give us what we need, Father. Just ask that you continue to do a mighty work for Brother Shawn, Lord, as he brings forth the word to us, Lord, just the right words for us to hear, Lord, to answer our questions, Father. We grateful for what's taking place, Lord. What you're going to do for us, Lord. Just continue to meet each and every one of our needs, Lord. We ask it, Father. We want to give the remainder of this service into thine hands, Lord. And we're thankful for what's taking place, Lord. We love and appreciate you for all that you do. In Christ Jesus name we ask you. Amen. You can be seated this morning to me. Oh yes, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. [Music] God is so good. He's so good to me. As mom gets ready to come. Oh, God is so good. [Music] God is so good. Oh, God is so good. He's so good to me. Sing it again. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Amen. Has he been good to you? Amen. [Music] I haven't sang this in a while, but it just came to my mind. So just pray for me. I have journeyed through the long dark night out on the open sea. [Music] By faith alone, sight unknown. [Music] And yet his eyes were watching me. [Music] The anchor holds. Though the ship is battered, the anchor holds. [Music] Though the sails are torn, [Music] I have fallen. on my knees as I face the raging seas. But the anchor holds in spite of the storm. I've had visions and I've had dreams and I've even held them in my hands. [Music] But I never knew they would slip right through [Music] like they were only grains of sand. But the anchor holds. [Music] Though the ship is battered, the anchor holds. Though the sails are torn, [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. at the anchor hold [Music] in spite of the storm. And I have been young and I am older now. [Music] And there has been beauty these eyes have seen. [Music] But it was in the night [Music] through the storms of my life. And that's where God proved his love to me. Oh, the anchor holds. Though the ship is battered, the anchor holds. [Music] Though the sails are torn, [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. But the anchor holds in spite of the storm. Oh, the anchor holds. Though the ship may be battered, the anchor holds. [Music] Though the sails are torn, [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. But the anchor holds [Music] in spite of the storm. [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. But the anchor holds in spite of the storm. The anchor holds in spite of the storm. [Music] Amen. Are you glad that the anchor holds this morning? Amen. He do it again for you. He'll do it again. [Music] Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. Doesn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as then. Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. Sing it again now. He'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as then. [Music] Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. Sing it one more time. As Sister Grace, Sister Rebecca comes, he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as then. Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when. Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when. Oh, you may not know how. You may not know when, but you'll do it again. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. This is easy. [Music] I was just a child when I felt the Savior leading. I was drawn to what I could not understand. For the cause of Christ, I have spent my days believing that what he'd have me be is who I am. As I come to see the weaker side of me, [Music] I realize his grace is what I'll need. [Music] Send a million injustice for my soul. Mercy say I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. Sin will never take control. [Music] Life and death stood face to face. Darkness trying to steal my heart away. Thank you, Jesus. Mercy said no. For God so loved the world that he sent his son to save us. From the cross, he built a bridge to set us free. Oh, but deep within our hearts, there is still a war that rages and it makes a sacrifice so hard to see. But as midnight fell upon crucifixion day, the light of hope seemed all so far away. [Music] As evil tried to stop, redemptions flow. Mercy said, "No, I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. Sin will never take control. Life and death went face to face. Darkness tried to steal my heart away. Thank you, Jesus. Mercy said no. And now when heaven looks at me, it's through the blood of Jesus reminding me of one day long ago. [Music] Mercy said, "No, I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. Sin will never take control. Life and death face to face. Darkness tried to steal my heart. Oh, thank you Jesus. Mercy said no. [Music] Mercy said no. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Man, are you so glad that mercy said no? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. I've made my decision. I've made my decision and I'm going all Are you going all the way? I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. Yes, I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, all [Music] the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. Oh, no turning back. Going all the way. I'm going all the way. I've made my decision. Oh, I've made my decision. [Music] Oh, I've made Have you made your decision? Oh, I've made my decision. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Bless the name of the Lord. Going all the way with him. Amen. It's um certainly good to serve the Lord and good to see everyone in the house of the Lord. Good to have our visitors. God bless you all. Amen. And I believe you're from Brother White's church. Uh is that it? Okay. And um so it's uh uh good to have you all and enjoy the special. Amen. And uh it's good to uh see young people uh giving their talents to the Lord and worshiping him. Amen. And I uh uh the Lord carries, you know, uh this generation coming up is going to be passing the torch over to them. And uh so it's it's certainly good to uh see young people serving the Lord. Amen. And um um if you have your Bibles, uh we're going to turn to the book of Deuteronomy, the seventh chapter. And as it's been said, um good to have Sister Kim, Amen. Uh with us and back with us. And she just had knee surgery and uh uh but she's a trooper and just handling it really well. the Lord's just been with her to help her and and so we're we're really glad for that. And and Sister Martha, Amen. certainly good to see Sister Martha back with us and see that smile. Amen. and she's gone through a lot herself and um doctor has found a a tumor uh in her stomach and and uh so she was in the hospital for a few days and um doctors wanting to uh do a surgery on her u but uh they had called her and said that they would um they're wanting to put her on medication for I believe a couple weeks that it and and uh to try to reduce that size of tumor. And so she's uh the medication is supposed to arrive I believe sometime this week. And so we want to uh just keep her in our prayer and uh she's a trooper um a fighter and um um she hadn't Are you eating? Are you a little bit trying to eat? And so we want to just uh keep her in our prayer. Amen. And the Lord would be with her. Amen. And um I want to thank the Lord for keeping me safe. I uh um been traveling back and forth to the to the hospital and things and getting on that highway. And I had felt, you know, that I don't know, it just felt like my tire was going to come off. And um so I'd go real, you know, I'd say I was going slow. 60 65 on that highway. That was pretty slow. And um anyway, uh Friday I I visited Sister Jane and and I was backing out of her drive, got in the middle of the the road there, and the whole wheel assembly came off. And um and so I I really thank the Lord that it happened there instead of on the highway. And uh so God's grace was with us. and Daniel and Junior or uh Levi was pulling a trailer Thursday, using it all day uh to mow lawns and things. And then I get home Friday, you know, after that experience. And then Faith um said that her and a car sideswiped and and uh um uh kind of damaged the cars, but other than that, everybody was safe. So, I really thank the Lord um uh for keeping her and Ruth safe and the other gentlemen and um uh God is just good, you know, and and um I was telling brother Andrew uh the the story, you know, my tire falling off and he he as we were talking, he was listening to a sermon and brother Brown uh I wished I had the quote now, but he had said something to the fact that you never realize that the angels of God are with you till you get in your car and um and then he protects you. And something to that effect, I I I thought, you know, that's so true. It made it real that day &gt;&gt; uh more than ever that the angels of God are with us. &gt;&gt; And uh we we take our life for granted. We take every day for granted. But at the end of the day, when we lay our head on our pillow, we should always be thankful for the angels of God that protected us. Amen. And so, um, let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer before we go into the word. Father, truly you are, uh, our God. You have proven time and again that you're watching over us and that you care for us. Father, we go through things that maybe we don't even understand, but Father, you know, and by faith, we believe, Lord, that you're working everything out for our good. And Lord, as we approach this part of the service, I pray, Lord, that you would come in a special way. Father, I I'm I'm nothing. And Lord, but you're everything. And if you could just help me to lay myself aside and that you could speak through me, Lord, to your people, that's that's what matters. It that's that's all that that we are concerned about. And and if you would just uh anoint your people as well, Father, that they would be able to hear and to receive. And may you just give us a heart, Lord, uh more fervent and have a better resolve, Lord, to serve you, Lord, and and and to press on, Father. That's our desire, Father. Create within us that is lacking, Father. For we certainly want to reflect every promise uh that you have made for us in this hour. We ask it in your lovely name Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." Now, we want to read here in Deuteronomy the um the seventh verse and going to start uh the or the seventh chapter. Start at the first verse. when the Lord thy God shall bring thee into the land whether thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, the uh Gurgites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, Parizzites, Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou. And when the Lord thy God shall deliver them before thee, thou shalt smite them, and utterly destroy them, thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them. Neither shalt thou make marriages with them. Thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou give unto thy son. for they will turn thee uh turn away thy son from following me that they may serve other gods. So will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you and destroy thee suddenly. But thus shall ye deal with them. You shall destroy their altars, break down their images, cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire. For thou art an holy people, unto the Lord thy God. The Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth. The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you because you were more in number than any people, for you were the fewest of all people, but because the Lord loved thee, and because he would keep an oath uh the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondman, and from the hand of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. Know therefore that the Lord thy God, he is the He is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his co commandments to a thousand generations. Then if you'll turn with me, Romans the 12th chapter and we will just read the first two verses. It's a um scripture that is common to us. Um Romans the 12th chapter and starting at the uh first verse it says I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice holy acceptable unto God which is your reasonable service and be not conformed to this world but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove prove what is that good and accept and perfect will of God. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. And I uh I want to continue on the subject holiness, a people separated unto the Lord. And we've u I guess I've spoke on this subject a couple times before here lately. And um I I pray that the Lord will help help me to uh speak what's on my heart. But um uh according to the Bible, the the path of every true believer is uh the way of holiness. Uh it's that's the path that a true believer walks. It's uh the Bible calls it the way of holiness. And and the Bible also says that without holiness no man shall see God. &gt;&gt; I don't think um holiness can be taught without teaching um that there has to be a separation. &gt;&gt; Uh without separation there can be no holiness. For uh the word holiness it means a sacred place or thing consecrated, dedicated uh hallowed. Uh so again consecrated and and the word consecrate means to make or declare sacred to set apart. The word dedicate it means to set apart for a definite use to devote the worship of a uh to to to devote to the worship of a divine being. Lord &gt;&gt; the word sacred again to set apart holy. So, so these words um as I'd said last time the word devote, dedicate, consecrate, hallow, it means to set apart for a special and often higher end. Amen. And so this is what God was telling Israel, I've set you apart. Um I you are a holy people. I've created you for myself. And um and so God required a separation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We know that the second work of grace uh that was um is is sanctification. And the word sanctify it means to separate for the glory of God, cleansed and set aside for service. &gt;&gt; And so that that's the work that's the second work of grace. There's the the three works of grace and um and that's uh justification, sanctification, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And and so John's Wesley's message was the message of sanctification. &gt;&gt; Uh uh Luther's message of course was justification. And the prophet said that Luther, he had, you know, his message, the people had gotten so uh into that justification that they made grace a disgrace and allowing just anything. And so God had to straighten the church up with the the message of John Wesley &gt;&gt; and to bring a sanctification to the church to let them know that that it it was time. the church needed to live separate from from the world and and the things of the world. And so this was the work of the Holy Ghost. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; But we find that they didn't come to a complete separation uh uh there. And uh brother Brandham would tell us he said there's not a church on earth that could live any more pure than the Nazarene and their teachings, the pilgrim holiness and and such. He said they absolutely believe in the purity of sanctification. Not even to their women wearing rings and anything. Purity and sanctification. Every way they believe it. The holiness organizations, all the legalists, that's their teaching. They believe it. Holy women wearing long hair and long skirts. Men ain't supposed to roll your sleeves up. And many of them see everything uh not even touch, smoke, drink, nothing of that. See, holy, you couldn't even you couldn't live any cleaner. But that same Nazarene church, if a man would speak in tongues in the church, he'd be shot out the door. See? And and and so they they said they wouldn't even set with one. See, now that's true. If you don't believe it, try it once. See? Find out. They hate the very thoughts of it. They say it's the devil. See? And so then we find that there there there's a a greater separation that God uh wants his church to. We thank God for the message of sanctification and and and and separating and and uh uh from from the worldly things, but that but there's a greater separation. And God demands total separation. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Total separation. And you know uh uh today a lot of people want to bring the world along with them as they tried to serve God. And and uh that that's what Abraham done as as we know that God commanded Abraham to separate himself uh get out of your country and and go to a place that I've called you. Leave your kindred. Leave everything behind. But Abraham brought his father along and he brought Lot his nephew along. Ain't that right? And and so uh uh he didn't fully separate as he came out just like Luther didn't fully separate. Amen. When he come out of the Catholic Church and Wesley didn't fully separate from what he came out of and Pentecost never fully separated what they came out of. And and so we find that God never fully uh blessed Abraham. Uh he never blessed Abraham until Abraham fully separated uh uh and himself and done what God told him to do. Ain't that right? So God always sets an example before us. uh the the the the the biblical uh stories uh uh are examples to us uh what what God wants of us or what he doesn't want of us. And and and so we we have uh examples to follow. And so, uh, he set Abraham, uh, the prophet said, as an example of a complete separation from all of his family, all of his kindred, and so forth to walk a life separated to God. Ain't that right? So, so it it's the separation is a separation to God. God wants us to be separated unto himself. Ain't that right? He's the one that called us. He's the one that chose us. He's the one that's got a purpose for us. He's the one that that that has a a uh a goal and a that he wants of of us. And and it's not our goal. It's not our purpose. It's not our desires. It's it's not what we want in life. It's what God predestinated from uh before the foundation of the world. It's his purpose that he's trying and wanting to work in in us as his church. Ain't that right? But he doesn't want us mingled and and and all the he wants us dedicated set aside for his service and his his alone. So the prophet said when God expects you to do a special thing he demands a complete separation from any doubt. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? From any doubt. Amen. See and and the prophet told us that we're channels. Amen. He He told us that we're we're we're like the conductors. Amen. And and we can either be a vessel unto unto Satan and let Satan just have his way with us and and and or we can be a vessel unto God. Amen. To where God can have his way with us. So if if God expects us to do a special thing, he demands a complete separation from any doubt. You've got to come to full obedience to obey what he says. God demands it. Everybody say, "God demands it." And you can't do it no other way. Ain't that right? Now, the my my reason for for this is I maybe just for the young people, I've been burdened for the young people and and and I I pray it can be of such a help as we as we go um uh uh some through the services here. I won't get it all today, but I I do want to talk about things and and so uh but just to lay a foundation. But brother Brandham would tell us you will never receive the fullness. Everybody say fullness. Now that that's that's what we want. We want to come into the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Ain't that right? Now I I thank God for what he done uh on on the day of Pentecost. I I I I I thank God for for what he done on the book in the book of Acts as as uh you know it it you you read the headline on the book of Acts, it's it says the uh uh the acts of the apostles and the prophet said it ain't the acts of the apostles, it's the acts of the Holy Spirit in the apostles. And and so what God done in that day is it was great. But I believe we've come to the place of the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Can you say amen? To where we've come to the adoption of sons. We've come to to where the fullness of God is manifested himself in the church. For we seen the revealing of the son of man in this age. How many believes that? Amen. See, and and the day of Pentecost was not Amen. the revealing of the son of man. Amen. Jesus never promised that. He said it would be in this day that the son of man would be revealed. Christ in his fullness would be revealed in this day. So then this would why I guess uh we could say that brother Brandham is telling us that you've got to come to full obedience because you'll never receive the Holy Ghost in the fullness. Amen. I I thank God for what he's done for me. I I truly thank God for uh filling me with the Holy Ghost and and and I I truly thank God for all the past experiences with him that I've had. But I believe there's more to be had. Amen. See, and so uh uh but you'll never receive the the Holy Ghost in the fullness. You'll never walk in the spirit of God until you totally separate your things from unbelief. Ain't that right? Amen. And we know unbelief uh unbelief is what questions God's word. Unbelief is what, you know, causes fear to strike our hearts and and to think that God just, you know, uh uh uh won't do what he said he would do and and and these things. So, separate your things from unbelief. Get away from the world. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? See, get away from the world. Come out of the world. See why? Because we'll never receive the Holy Ghost in its fullness until we do. Ain't that right? See, now God is a segregationist. Ain't that right? He's a segregationist. And and God even separates his nation. He separates his nations. He separates his people. Amen. and and he pulled the prophet said he pulled Israel that Jewish race out of every all the races in the world. He pulls that race out to be a special race unto himself out of all the races of uh and and the the nations of the world so God would pull them out dedicated for his glory. Ain't that right? Dedicated for his power. If God was going to show his supernatural power, it would be in that nation of Israel. If God was going to show himself to be real, it would be in that nation of Israel. God had separated that nation from amongst everyone else. Amen. And so the prophet says, "And the bride of Christ is segregated from the rest of the churches." And he's that that's exactly right. So all Christians, all Christians, every true Christian is a segregationist. Amen. Now man separates by the color of of of a man's skin. And he has brought segregation by the color of a man, black, white, brown, red, or yellow. And it's man that has caused the segregation between colors. It's man that has caused segregation between rich and poor. Man causes these kinds of things. But God does not segregate by color. He does not segregate by class. He does not segregate. Amen. That's man that does that. That's that's that's the evil things of of the devil. Ain't that right? But God does not segregate by color or class. But the prophet said he segregates by spirit. Amen. He doesn't want our uh uh uh uh have a defiled spirit hanging on us or a a filthy spirit or or whatever. A man's color skin has nothing to do with God. Amen. See, any man can be a child of God by a spiritual birth regardless of his skin color. How many believes that? See, and so then the prophet said, "God is a segregationalist, a filth between right and wrong." Amen. He's a segregationist. Amen. Between right and wrong, between good and evil, between uh filthy and un uh and and clean. Ain't that right? Amen. 2 Corinthians 6:14. Uh uh the Bible says, "Be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers? For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion hath light with darkness? And what concord hath Christ with bal? And or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? See, and what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For you are, everybody say, I am. &gt;&gt; I am. You are the temple of the living God. See? Amen. See, as God hath said, I will dwell in them, walk in them. I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you, and will be a father unto you, and you shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord God Almighty. Ain't that right? So, we can see from this scripture that sons and daughters of God are the ones that are segregated. Amen. They're segregated. Brother Brown said, "You can't even be a Christian and be an integrationist." Uh uh that's a that's a big word, integrationist. Amen. In other words, if you don't if you don't segregate, you can't be a Christian. Amen. If if if you if you can't amen keep away from the world, then you can't be a Christian. Can you say amen? That's right. See, so then when we're segregated, the prophet said, is when we come out of the world. Amen. It's not classes of people. It's not color of people. It's not uh uh different races. When you come out from the world, then you're segregated. Amen. Unto God. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; That's right. See, and so it's like when God segregated or separated uh Israel from Egypt, as long as they were in Egypt, they were the people of God. But the prophet said when they come out of Egypt, they become the church of God. For church means called out ones. Ain't that right? How many's glad you're part of the church? Amen. You're you're part of the church because you you you're called out. You've been separated. Amen. And and so God doesn't want his children being mixed up with the world or the things of the world. Brother Bram said, "God expects you to disassociate yourself from all ungodly things." Amen. All ungodly things. And remember, the prophet preached a sermon, enticing spirits. This Amen. Satan isn't with a, you know, a little red demon with a pitchfork and horns and evil something. They're enticing. Amen. And it's something that is appealing. It's something that is attractive. Amen. So, you know, uh uh but but yet it's ungodly in its character. It's in ungodly in its intent. It's it's ungodly in its its motives. Ain't that right? Amen. See, so the church will always be called out. Amen. God doesn't call you out. Amen. uh from the drinking and the smoking and and and and then you come in and you start living something else. It uh and attaching to the world in other things and and and to where you just lay powerless in the church. God doesn't want a powerless church. Amen. The prophet said God hates a powerless religion. A ain't that right. See, and so then the church will always be segregated unto God and he is the word. Ain't that right? He is the word. Amen. Now, we know the prophet taught us and I again uh thank God for a prophet. Amen. To let us know these things that there is a carnal church and there is a spiritual church. Amen. There is a worldly church. That carnal church is a worldly church. Amen. And that that uh spiritual church is a is a a holy church. It's it's set apart for the purpose of God. Amen. And the prophet would tell us that the spiritual church is the elect lady. Ain't that right? It's the elect lady. And and and uh it's it's one lady that's been called out from all the other ladies. Amen. Amen. She's segregated. Amen. Just separated and she's a holy lady. Amen. A holy lady. If you ought to go listen to the uh invisible union of the bride of Christ. And brother Bram talks about it right at the beginning. Amen. that this lady that I'm talking to is an elect lady. Amen. She's been called out. She been pulled out. I ain't preaching to everybody else. He says, I'm preaching to that elect lady that's been called out of the out of the world among all the other ladies. See, and and Mary, she was elected. Amen. Uh uh uh by God to bring forth the body of God on the earth. Amen. That scripture was exactly for her. Amen. No other woman could fulfill that scriptures. Amen. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. Amen. God called her out among all the other women to for this scripture to fulfill the scripture. Ain't that right? When God laid that promise, behold, a virgin shall conceive, he had Mary in his mind. Amen. And it didn't matter what other women done. It didn't matter what whatever else. Amen. Mary didn't have to work for it. She didn't have to beg for it. is she was predestinated to it. Can you say amen? And there was no devil in hell going to stop it. Amen. And God prepared her heart to receive the promise. No matter how impossible it was, no matter how strange it was, she was predestinated to receive it. And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Amen. Amen. So she wasn't mixed up with all the other religions as the prophet said that she even went to a church and her priest would tell them that God doesn't do miracles, amen, like he did back then. And but she couldn't she couldn't get mixed up in that. She couldn't let her heart receive that. Amen. She was a predestinated &gt;&gt; seed of God to accept the promise for that age. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; And God has elected lady. God has an elected lady to be his bride. When he said there's going to be a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish, I can't help but believe I was in his mind. Hey, do you believe that you were in his mind? Amen. You don't have to work for it. You don't have to try it. You don't have to plead for it. Amen. It's just something that's been given to us. Amen. Pentecostal didn't help me. The doctrine didn't help me. Amen. But when I saw the message of the age, there was something that quickened in my heart. This is right. This is for me. I was predestinated for this time. God was separating me &gt;&gt; for this time. Can you say amen? So, so the bride of Christ is an elected lady. She's been called out. There are promises that only will fit. Amen. For the bride of Christ. Amen. I I know and I've said it before, a lot of ministers, Amen, have gotten confused on this Bible and they have taken scriptures that does not pertain to the bride and they have worked and they beat the bride up. Amen. By by scriptures that don't that don't even pertain to the bride. Amen. Just like uh you know the Bible talks about a man that if he would uh commit an unpardonable sin, if he had blasphemed the Holy Ghost, his sin would never be forgiven. Amen. And they've used that scripture to put the bride into fear. Amen. Oh, I hope I don't blasphe. But then I read where the Bible says, amen, an elect of God cannot blasphe. Amen. So I don't have to worry about blasphe. I don't want to blaspheme. It's not my desire to blaspheme. I'm not here rejecting what God is doing. I'm here accepting what God is doing. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Amen. See, and so we find that that this elect lady. Amen. Now this carnal church is a worldly church. Yet she claims to be the bride of Christ. Brother Bram says, "Now if you'll see the conduct of women in the world today, watch the conduct of the worldly church today." Amen. Now, now think of that. When you see the worldly women and way they're acting and the way they doing things, look on the movies. Amen. And and the prophet really blasted that how they kiss and these actors are kissing one another. And he says they're committing adultery when they do that. Amen. And when they're dressing so sleazy and sexy and all that, he says remember there is a worldly church that is doing the same thing before God. Amen. See, and he said, "So the conduct of women in the world today," Amen. matches the conduct of the worldly church today. He said, "Notice this character. When you see women just go on the rampage, just do anything they want to watch. The church is doing the same thing. Ain't that right? Several times, Brother Brown says the church wants mixers. They want to mingle. They'll accept anything as holy. They accept anything as God in the name of the love of God. Ain't that right? God is love. So, we just accept everything and anything and everybody and and all of these things. Amen. The church wants mixers. They want a pastor who will not be so hard on them and tell them good things and not dig right down and just rake the hide off of them. In other places, he says the church is so carnal. It feeds itself on worldly a carry on. See dead things of the world just like the vulture does. Church politics. They don't even let the Holy Ghost send a man to a church. They have to have a politics to see if the denomination is going to receive him or not. See, that's right. He said they're like the world. They dress like the world. They look like the world. They act like the world. They're vultures like the world. They're they are lazy, soft compromisers. Can you say amen? Well, that's pretty rough. Amen. But he's trying to get us to understand you're not to dress like the world. You're not to look like the world. You're not to smell like the world. You're not to laugh like the world. If the world is laughing at dirty jokes, that's not for you to laugh at. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? They might find joy in vulgar things. That's not where you find your pleasure. Amen. You've got to come to a separation. See, and he says it's going further and further away from God in its intellectual gospel. They have a gospel, but it's an intellectual gospel, but they're going further and further away from the word. Amen. Another place he says we find that women of the world on the streets members of such is carrying themselves in the same atmosphere. You can't tell them they've lost all sense of de common decency the people have. That's the way the church has you. And you can see it going straight to the ecumenical council just as certain as anything in the world right into Rome as hard as it can go because it's prophesied. Ain't that right? And there she is. That's her behavior. Hey, that's not the bride's behavior. She's an elect lady. &gt;&gt; This is the worldly church's behavior doing anything they want to regardless of what God says and and and and what he commands. Amen. But in each age, each age has had its own elect. &gt;&gt; And and brother Brandham said that elect group of people always heard the word and received it, proving they had the seed in them. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So when God sent his messenger with a message, as we know there's seven messengers and brother Brandham identifies the messengers of that age. Amen. So when God sent that messenger with the messenger to that age, he says the elect had a revival under their messenger. &gt;&gt; Well, aren't you glad for that? Amen. No revival, no God revival without a messenger. But the the the people that heard his message received that message had a revival under their messenger. See, and they lined up with the word. &gt;&gt; So Martin Luther, he was sent with the message of justification and the church lined up right with it and it brought a revival amongst the elect. John Wesley had the message of sanctification and the church lined right with it and it brought a revival to that elect. God restored the gifts in the Pentecostal age and the church lined right with it. See, and it brought a revival. Amen. Now, he says, "And and he says the messengers, he they dropped them women." See, each each age, he's talking to that elect of each age. Amen. Church represents women, right? Amen. See, they dropped them women right back in line with the word. Every messenger, Amen. Each messenger that came in that age, Amen. They proclaimed the message. Amen. And they brought that woman, that elect lady, that church right back in line with the word. See? And and then they drift away. See? Amen. And there she goes right back over into chaos. You understand? Not the elect, but the rest of that church, that move, that revival, God started the revival, and then that revival would end up going into chaos and people go into join this denomination and making this denomination, all that. He said, "But then the time that the people are ready to line up, there is a message that comes forth again and they line up right with it." Ain't that right? Amen. Every time God would send a message, Amen. A messenger with a message, God would line them people back up. Amen. See, and he says in another place, every time a message went forth, and the people believed it and accepted it in all the light. Everybody say, "All the light." &gt;&gt; All the light it was. Then they were sealed away until that day of redemption. The rest of the people went off into denominationalism. But God by the message of the hour of that age would segregate his people, call them together, and then seal them away. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? And he says, now you notice when the people begin to try to line with the word, there comes a fresh message from the word of God right straight to the people. and they catch that message and line up every time. Can you say amen? So notice what he's saying. It's the message that lines the people up. It's the message that calls that elect together and lines them right up to the word of God. Without the message, there is no lining up. Amen. Now, I want to tell you this. The message doesn't mean nothing to the rest of the world. That God's going to separate his people. He's calling them to holiness. Can you say amen? He calling them to purity, cleanness, to walk with him to where he could have a preeminence in them. And he uses the message of the hour, every age, amen, to line them up. &gt;&gt; It's the message. Now notice again he says the spiritual bride when she begins to have a revival when she begins to come back and line herself up with the word of God. Watch then again how that the scripture at that time there will be a message to sweep out to catch that bride to catch that woman elect. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Well why? Because God says, "Amen." In Ephesians uh 5:25, he says, "Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it that he might sanctify it and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word." Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; That's the only way he does it. Amen. Is by the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that God's called you to holiness? &gt;&gt; Amen. A purity, a cleanness, a a way of life that it might be holy and without blemish. &gt;&gt; Now, if you notice the washing of the water by the word. Amen. The prophet takes that and goes back in the Old Testament to where God established a water of separation. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? The water of separation. The word is the water of separation that washes us, separates us from our sins. It separates us from our sicknesses. Brother Brham said, "If you've got sin, apply the word. If you've got uh uh uh sickness, apply the word. If you've got uh uh habits, apply the word. If you've got complexes, apply the word. Can you say amen? If you've got uh uh selfish desires, apply the word. If bitterness is trying to take over you, apply the word. For the word separates, it washes us and separates us and keeps us holy unto God. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The tabernacle of Moses and of Solomon and any other that God would have them to erect throughout time was not to be used for heathen worship. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we know it to be God's holy temple. That's that's what it was called, God's holy temple. It's like when when Jonah was in the belly of the well and he's praying to God. He says, "Therefore, I will look unto thy holy temple." &gt;&gt; Well, it was just a natural temple that Solomon had built. And but but uh but or yeah, it was built and and so uh but it was it was considered God's holy temple, thy holy temple. But the tabernacle was for his presence alone. Right. &gt;&gt; God would exhibit his presence, manifest his presence in the temple and and and it was for his worship alone. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; they they weren't to drag the god of Dathan &gt;&gt; in in their dagon. They they were not to drag the the God of Baal and and bring it into this worship &gt;&gt; that everybody from all the nations could come to this tabernacle. Oh, that that that would be nice unity. &gt;&gt; But God didn't raise that temple for that kind of unity. &gt;&gt; He raised that tabernacle for his his glory, &gt;&gt; his worship. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? So this this tabernacle was to remain holy, set apart, dedicated, consecrated for his use, his purpose. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; See, so then it was holy. The priesthood was to be holy, set apart for God's service. Amen. Uh the vessels in the tabernacle had to be holy. Set apart to be used only for God's divine uh uh purpose. Amen. See, they were dedicated, consecrated to God. Amen. Later we find that God moved from that earthly tabernacle that that that that uh that that was made by hands and and he created himself a a body. Amen. And and prepared himself a body to live in. And Christ became God's holy temple. &gt;&gt; Well, aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now God had hands. God had feet. Glory of God was manifested. Amen. I've Jesus even said, "I've declared thy name." Amen. To to the brethren. I I've declared it. Amen. And the presence of God. He told Philillip when Philip says, "It suffices that you show us the Father." And and he says, "Oh, have I not been so long with you and you still don't know who I am? He that has seen me has seen the Father." Amen. Why? He was the temple of the living God. A man became a temple. of God. The fullness of God dwelt in him bodily. Ain't that right? But then we see now that we are the temple. Everybody say, "I am the temple." &gt;&gt; I am the temple. We are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. 1 Corinthians uh 3 and 16. Know ye not that you are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. Is it a different spirit that dwelt in Christ? No. For Paul says, "If the same spirit that dwelt in him, that dwell in you, it shall also quicken your mortal bodies, the same spirit that quickened him and raised him from the dead, now is dwelling in you to quicken your mortal body." Why? Because the God of heaven and earth that dwelt in Christ is now dwelling in you. For now you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Now notice what he says. 17th verse. If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple you are. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? In Psalm 79 and one, we see what happens when the temple of God becomes defiled. He says, "Oh God, the heathen are come into thine inheritance, thy holy temple, have they defiled. They have laid Jerusalem on heaps. Then if you go down to the fourth verse, we are become a reproach to our neighbors, a scorn and derision to them that are round about us. Amen. See, and when the church becomes defiled, just like the worldly church has be claim, they claim to be the temple of God, they claim to possess the Holy Spirit of God, but they have let that temple become defiled. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? They've let it become preachers have let themselves become defiled. The saints have let themselves become defiled. I've told you before, you know, we were with, you know, uh me and brother Coffee was with a bunch of ministers uh years ago when I first come here. We were uh uh lifting weights and stuff, you know, doing workout with ministers from all around, you know, in the area. And uh uh this this gentleman that owned the uh owned the the weight thing that he was a he wanted to donate an hour a day for ministers and it was a really nice thing as you can see. It didn't really help me too much. But anyways, and and so uh uh but it was interesting what they would talk about, you know, and uh these pastors, you know, talking about how what concert the rock and roll concerts they just got from and what rated R movie they've just watched and and and they're all talking about this, you know, and I'm like, "Oh, wow. These are pastors, pastors preaching the word of God and and and their favorite group maybe the Beatles or or some some rock and roll group that I don't know of today, you know, but but they're talking about all this. I'm like, "Oh, wow. This is interesting, you know, and and but see, the temple had become defiled." &gt;&gt; Hello. The church had become defiled and it's made a church the church of God a reproach to the world to where the world doesn't respect the house of God anymore. They they have no regard for the the the the house of God anymore. It's become a bunch of professionalism. It's become just uh uh uh uh well, you know, the other day uh they they had a com comedy man uh that that does the jokes and all that uh preaching on a Sunday morning using the word of God and about Moses and making a comedy out of Moses and and having the people laugh and he was preaching and that's what the church has come to. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? But see, Israel was God's nation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And God had called them to be a holy people. I hope this is all right this morning. &gt;&gt; But he called them to be a holy people. And and so after Israel was in bondage for 400 years, God said to Pharaoh, and I want you to notice, they had been in bondage for 400 years to where Pharaoh could look at them and not see no promise about them, &gt;&gt; no future for them except slavery. But God by mercy showed unto Moses &gt;&gt; that these people were not slaves forever. &gt;&gt; And so when he would look at these people, he saw them as children of promise. He saw them as a covenant people. He saw them as a holy people. He saw them that God was going to visit one day. This condition will never be like this forever. Amen. They'll not They're not intended to be slaves forever. They're not intended to bow to Pharaoh forever. Amen. It's come a time, amen, that God going to call them out. And when that time came, God said to Pharaoh through the prophet Moses, "Let my people go. It's time for a separation. It's time that I take away their reproach. It's time I take away, Amen, everything that they've been involved in." Amen. And bring them to myself that they could be a holy people unto me. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Amen. And it tells us you can't serve God living in bondage. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you want real freedom in God, get rid of the bondage. You say, "Well, I'm I'm trying." Oh, but there's a grace. There's a blood that is able to separate you, amen, from all your sins and and all your failures and and everything to where you can stand free to worship God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can't be a holy people as long as we're subject to the power of the devil. &gt;&gt; So God says there's got to be a separation. &gt;&gt; Pharaoh, let my people go. And I believe that same voice is called out today. House of hell, give way in the name of the Jesus. Can you say amen? There is a people that's ordained for a rapture. There is a people that's ordained for a body change. There people on the earth that's ordained to manifest the sons and daughters of God and to come into adoption. Let my people go. &gt;&gt; There had to be a separation. But notice after Israel came out of Egypt, God commanded them to put away leaven bread. I'll say that again. leaven bread, &gt;&gt; not leaven, leaven bread &gt;&gt; from their houses in the first day. Now, we know what leaven represents. It represents sin. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; So, it was a it was showing a sign that you've come out of Egypt, but there's always a walk of holiness. &gt;&gt; Keep sin out of your houses. &gt;&gt; Keep living away from you. Can you say amen? God may have called you in this by this message of the hour. How many's been called out by the message of the hour? Church, I could have been somewhere else, but I thank God for the message of this hour. But it's not for me to listen to this message and getting involved with the movies and and this and that and this. God called me out of this me by this message that I could be a powerhouse. Amen. that I could be a holy vessel unto God and reflect him in this age. &gt;&gt; You know, you and I both know that there's a power laying in the church. You and I both know that the power doesn't just amen belong to a prophet. But he kept telling us over and over that that promise greater, amen, the works that I do shall you do, and even greater than these shall you do. It didn't just belong to him. It belonged to the church of the living God. &gt;&gt; That's right. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; 11. Keep the leaven out. &gt;&gt; Then in Joshua 24:14, Joshua called an assembly and said to the people breaking in here, "Fear the Lord. Serve him in sincerity and in truth, and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood and in Egypt, and serve ye the Lord." What's he doing? He's getting ready to bring them over into the promised land. Amen. You You've We've talked about the promises. We've sung about the promises. We've read about the promises. We We've thought about them promises. But now I'm here to bring you over into the promised land where every promise becomes a reality. But before we do all of this, you got to put away the gods. Every other god that you have you have brought from Egypt, you got to get rid of. You got to get you got to clean the house. You got to you got to clean your worship up. Amen. To where we can serve God and God alone. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Later on he says, "Put away the strange gods which are among you and incline your heart unto the Lord God of Israel." &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now church, just as Joshua brought the children of Israel over, so is this message of the hour. Amen. Taken us through the twothirds of the land. First pool, second pool. But now we have entered into the third pool. Amen. The opening of the word. Uh you don't have to dream about the promises. Uh you don't have to wish for them promises. We're not just singing about these promises. Every promise is ours. Can you say amen? We've been predestinated. Put away your gods. &gt;&gt; We're not to mix with the nations other nations. &gt;&gt; No. No. No. Utterly destroy them. &gt;&gt; That's right. Come on. &gt;&gt; Now it sounds merciless. It sounds like God was just a hateful God and he was evil. But it was a natural people typing a spiritual people. Them people, Israel was typing us. Now they had a natural enemy. They had a natural nations that they had to conquer. And they were not to let any of them live. They were to slay one of them. Amen. And destroy them. They were not to look at them girls and say, "Boy, that's a pretty girl. I you know, you understand what I'm saying now? Oh, yeah. But you don't understand. She's got a She's serving another God. I don't care about that. I can change her anytime. You know, I'm sure I can I can, you know, she's just so nice and so soft-hearted. I bet I bring her over here. The Bible says, "Don't you do that." Amen. Don't you give your sons to their daughters and don't you give your daughters to their sons unless they turn them away from the God to serve their gods. Can you say amen? There has to be a separation. &gt;&gt; They were not to mix with other nations. We know as they journeyied to the land of promise, they passed by Esau's inheritance land and they went through the land of Moab. &gt;&gt; But the prophet said God told them not to fuss at them, not to procelite. &gt;&gt; Don't take up their habits. &gt;&gt; You're going through their land, but don't you take up their habits. Hello. &gt;&gt; We're we're we're we're on our journey to heaven &gt;&gt; and we're living in this world and we've gone from age to age to age and we're living in the worst age ever. Don't you take up their habits. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But here's the thing. Israel wanted to be as other nations. &gt;&gt; They didn't like standing out from the rest. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Other nations had all this and they had something in common. But here we are. We just got a prophet. &gt;&gt; Our diet is different. Our worship is different. We don't have no visible gods. &gt;&gt; Our ritual of worship is different from them. It looks like we're just self-righteous people. They looking at us like holier than thou. I'm the one standing alone. Amen. &gt;&gt; And they wanted to be like the other nations. Hello. &gt;&gt; They're like a lot of so-called Christians today. They say they believe the message they are, but they can't understand why we have to live separated. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; It's true. And and I'm I'm going to say it, but we got a lot of the our young generation. We got a and our young generation don't understand the importance of this message. They they don't understand the importance of why God's called us out. &gt;&gt; So they want to look at the world. Did you know brother Brown said you're not to even dress like the fashions of this world? &gt;&gt; Don't take up their fashions. Oh, but but but their style of dress looks nice. Don't take up their fashions. &gt;&gt; And that's not just you girls. That's you guys, too. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, it's true. &gt;&gt; See, but but but so so they can understand why they can't be like the other churches. Other churches have baseball leagues, and other churches have movie nights, and and other churches allow their young people to go to the movies and get involved in sports, and other churches allow their young people to wear to to marry worldly uh boys and worldly girls and to date and and all of these things. and and all that. We just like to be like the rest. Amen. But God has called us to be a holy people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But Israel wanted to be like the other nations. What What sin did Israel commit that God would never forgive them for? They listen to the teaching of Balum. &gt;&gt; You remember Balam? He was a Moabitete. Well, Moabitete came from Lot. &gt;&gt; Remember his two daughters had incest &gt;&gt; with him and they they produced sons by their dad. &gt;&gt; And that that that now we got a nation, the Moabites. Now, the prophet says the Moabites weren't infidels. They weren't godless people. They actually were religious and they were fundamental as fundamental as Israel was. They built the same amount of offers, offered the same amount of sacrifices, the same kind of sacrifices. They had the same promise sacrifices and worshiped the same God. Balam actually was a prophet, but he was a hirling. &gt;&gt; Hello. He was a prophet, but God never sent him as a prophet to Israel. &gt;&gt; Moses was the vindicated prophet of God sent to lead Israel to the promised land. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Balam was a prophet, but he was over there trying to curse Israel. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; God wouldn't let him curse Israel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He looking at Israel from a moral standpoint, right? Prophet said he tried to judge a people by a moral god, a holy God, but he failed to see the smitten rock before them, &gt;&gt; the brazen serpent, that atonement that forgave their sins. He failed to see that pillar of fire. He tried to judge them from a moral standpoint. He failed to see the higher call of God &gt;&gt; by grace, by election. They were in that line and with God's word. And when he wanted to curse them, God said, "Don't you do it. They're mine. Amen. &gt;&gt; Leave them alone. Don't you touch them. &gt;&gt; So what did he do? He tried another tactic. &gt;&gt; And the prophet says he got down there and taught the people. Now say now, now wait, wait, wait, wait, wait just a minute before y'all go on. I got something to say to y'all. Of course, I'll be a little quiet so I don't want your prophet Moses hearing what I have to say. You know what? We're more We're just as religious as you guys. &gt;&gt; We We worship the same God. We got the same Holy Ghost you got. &gt;&gt; We speak in tongues. We shout and dance. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; He said, "We're more moabites. Lot's daughter is our queen. She's our origination or or origination. We're all of one blood. See, all of us denominations are the same. See, uh uh but the prophet said, "Don't you mix with that thing. Stay away from there." &gt;&gt; So Balam said, "We're all the same. While your people is like my people, we can intermar and and one am one among another. And so we could have a real ecumenical council. All of us can get together and come back to the original thing again. Well, see, this is known in the book of Revelations as the doctrine of Balum. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; And the Bible says he taught Bailo to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols and to commit fornications. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? See, Bam might have believed in the same God that Israel believed in. Amen. But he wasn't going to the promised land. He was already in his inheritance. He wasn't as a sojourer. He wasn't looking to move on. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; He didn't have the covenant that Israel had. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He was a prophet to Moab, not to Israel. So, he had a ministry. Yes. He had a gift. Yes. He was a preacher. Yes. But he wasn't concerned for Israel. &gt;&gt; He used his gift. He used his ministry to cast a stumbling block before the elect of God, &gt;&gt; before the people of God. He wasn't careful as to what he said to the children of Israel. I truly believe that Moses was very careful in what he said to the people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And and and so as not to mislead them. And and I know brother Brand was he said this. He said, you know, in the sight of God tonight, setting before me is a greater thing to him than his own blood because it's the purchased of his blood. He shed his blood for you. And here I hold you in listening tonight of the gospel. Then how close I must be to tell you the exact truth because God will make me answer for it at the day of judgment more than if I took the blood, the literal blood, and just threw it on the ground. It would be a greater penalty to mislead the people, the purchase of his blood, than it would be to throw the blood from the charger that I had in it. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Yeah. &gt;&gt; See, and and so then Bailey convinced Israel to to marry Moabitete women and caused adultery. And brother Bram said, notice it was then, and I'll get ready to hurry now, but he said it was then, hallelujah, when Moses stepped forth and said, "Who's for me and God?" &gt;&gt; It was then the Levite pulled his sword and went through the camp and utterly slayed everything that was connected with it. everything, every man that had a Moabitete woman, they killed them right together. Now the hour has come. Where is that man? Where is Aaron's sons? Some of the priesthood that is willing to pull the word of God, this sharp two-edged sword and said, "Who stands for me and God? Where is he at?" You can invite and invite, but no one answers. Ain't that right? Well, I'll say I'll answer. How many going to answer to that call? Amen. God looking for somebody just that ain't married in and and and and got mixed up into the world and got mixed up into all these corruptible things. Stay themselves undefiled. Amen. Standing with the prophet of God, the word of God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, Brother Brham said they were Pentecostals. They ate mana in the wilderness. They drank from the rock. Amen. Uh there. But Jesus says they were they're everyone dead. &gt;&gt; They saw the miracles. They saw the word anointed. They ate mana that come from heaven. They enjoyed the blessings of the atonement. They saw the smitten rock give its water. They drank from it. They were personally acquainted with it. Personally acquainted with it. But when it come to breaking that word, don't you never forget that when the real true message come down to a showdown, they organized it. We'll take moabites and us together. And they're a great organization. a great nation. We're not even a nation. So, we'll just marry among one another and we'll be all right then. We'll be with him. And it never was forgiven. Never forgiven. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; He said, see in another place when it come to the exact message where they shouldn't break that covenant with the other nation. See, and God does not want us this hold this word sacred. &gt;&gt; You may not understand everything, but hold it sacred. Don't let this word lose its value to you. &gt;&gt; Hold it dear to us. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I just don't understand everything. It looks like it just contradicts and it looks like this. It looks like," you know, one man said, "Brother Bram didn't even know what he's talking about on some of these things." Oh my. Hold that word sacred. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Isn't he wonderful? &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, we're living in an age that the musicians will come. We're living in an age now. And this age is what? Leotia, lukewarm, carnal. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. And this is the only age that God rebukes and does not commend them for anything is the age that we're living in. &gt;&gt; Lukewarmness. And their lukewarmness made God sick. God says, "I'd I'd rather you be cold, freezing cold, just an outreach sinner, or I'd rather you be on fire for me, &gt;&gt; red hot on fire." &gt;&gt; But to be lukewarm, a mixture, you make me sick, &gt;&gt; so I'll spew you out. So the prophet says God has spewed out the church carnal and they are no longer his mouthpiece. &gt;&gt; They may preach from this Bible. They may sing the songs. They may dance. They may shout, but they're no longer the mouthpiece of God because they've mixed with creeds. They've not separated themselves to the word and the word alone. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] So he, brother Bram said, he said that's a rebuke to this ungodly leodysian age. The worst of the whole bunch. All the rest of them under torments and everything they had down through the ages. They had nothing. They was povertystricken, wandered about in sheepkin, goat skin, destituted, sold, and burnt to death, fed to the lions, and everything else, and still held the faith. But here's this bunch. Rich and have need of nothing and everything and a prostitute. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; But God has called a people by the message of this hour. &gt;&gt; To live separate unto God. How many wants to live separate to God? I want to live separate to his word. I I want to be more fervent than ever to this message. I want my resolve to be stronger. And I I pray that is way with you young people this morning. As I said at the beginning, if God would terry, we're going to be passing the baton to you. [Music] God may call you to be a minister. God may be call you to be a minister's wife. God may call you to be a musicians or deacons or whatever, but this message has got to be just as fervent to you as it is with the elders. &gt;&gt; Don't don't don't look at the world, look at the pictures and look at all. Keep your values, &gt;&gt; keep your convictions, &gt;&gt; right? Stay true to God. Don't don't mix with the unbelief out in the world. I know you you might have to rub shoulders at work with them, at school with them, or whatever, but but keep yourself undefiled. You've got examples. The three Hebrew boys, remember that they they were in Babylon. They they weren't in their hometown. They were in Babylon as slaves. And that wicked king, they they were serving a wicked king. And he decided to make that image. But there's these three boys. We ain't doing that. No, we're keeping ourselves holy unto God. Yeah. And he had to go through the fiery furnace for it. But God was there with him, right? Daniel, he would he wouldn't keep he wouldn't defile himself. He kept himself clean, holy unto God. He went had to go to the lion's den for it, but God met him there. God brought him through. through. And I I promise you, God will bring you through. He'll bring this church through if we keep it right. Right. He'll keep us through. He'll He'll bring us all through. We just got to keep it. He'll bring your family through. He'll bring your marriage through. He He He'll He'll bring your children through. He's going to bring them. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, do you love him? Can you lift your hands unto the Lord and just to worship him? I'm so glad. I I'm so glad to to be dedicated unto God. Gladly bear his reproach in this age that we're living in. God, help us to keep our garments clean, undefiled. Father, so much enticements out in the world today. So many things that are pulling, but oh God, you've called us for this. You've called us to be true to this message. Just as you called that prophet, he said, "I must stay true to this this message." So must we stay true to this message. Thank you, Father. Oh God, as the young people are getting ready to go to school, Father, I pray you'd just help them, that you'll keep them, Lord. Father, protect them. May your angel be with them, Lord. Keep their feet from falling, Lord. And if they do stumble, Lord, you got a promise there. Let though a righteous man fall, the Lord will lift him up and deliver him. God, we stand upon that today. We love you. I thank you, Lord, for just touching all the sick. Father, our elders, [Music] brother Shaya, sister Bethany sick as well. And Father, just thanking you, Lord, for just bringing them all through. Thank you for such people, Father, our elders that have standing for your word through all these years, standing true. I thank you for bringing Sister Kim, being with her, Father, through her surgery and her recovery. God, I thank you for being with Sister Martha, Lord. Oh, God, I know you've been with her, Lord. And we've seen your hand upon her. Thank you, Father, for just helping her through this, Lord. And we know that you're going to finish it, Lord, and complete it and work a miracle in her behalf. Father, we thank you. You're so good to us. Hallelujah. Do you love him, church? Amen. What song? It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word now. I don't want it watered down, sugarcoated, or profound. Give me basic truth that'll last the course of time. Preach it strong. Preach it clear so that all the world can hear. It will change your life forever. Give me the word. Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's my total victory. Give me the word. Oh, it's my total victory. Do you believe that? over every situation. Give me the word. Oh, it's been tested. It's been tried. Searching minds are satisfied. Though the story's old, the message still is true. Oh, it's been ridiculed. It's been chained. Still the power has never changed. It will stand the test forever. Just give me the word. Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's the light that I might see. Give me the word. Oh, it's my total victory. Over every situation, give me the word. Sing the last lines. Over every situation, give me the word. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't the Lord just good to us? There is a chorus that I was going to sing before I started and I forgot. So, we're going to try it. It's uh uh just came on my mind as I was headed church. When when it's my time, I'm going to take my time to behold his face. when it's my time. Going to take my time to talk of his amazing grace. I want to thank him for the load that he bore and not leaving me alone. Cuz when it's my time, going to take my time to his throne. Can we go up again? When it's my time, going to take my time to behold his face. When it's my time, I'm going to take my time to talk of his amazing grace. I'm going to thank him for the load that he bore and not leaving me alone. Cuz when it's my time, I'm going to take my time before his throne. Can we stand to our feet and sing it? Oh, when it's my time, I'm going to take my time to behold his face. Hallelujah. When it's my time, I'm going to take my time to sing of his amazing grace. Oh, I'm going to thank him for the load that he bore and not leaving me alone. For when it's my time, I'm going to take my time before his throne. Sing it one more time. Oh, when it's my time. Hallelujah. You're going to take your time before the throne of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When it's my time, going to take my time to sing of his amazing grace. Oh, I'm going to thank him for the load that he bore and not leaving me alone. when it's my time. Going to take my time before his throne. [Music] Oh, can you lift your hands unto our Lord? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love you, Jesus. We love you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing one more song as we get ready to go. Uh, God is good all the time. Amen. Oh, God is good all the time. A song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Darkest night, his light does shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Oh, if you're walking through the valleys, there are shadows all around. Just do not fear. Oh, he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he's promised to never leave you and or forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in his his heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light does shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Oh, now we were sinners. so unworthy still for us he chose to die. He filled us with oh his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy oh they will never end. God is good all the time with a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Wisdom. Oh, his light does shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. Oh, God is good. He's so good. Say it again. Oh, God is good. He's so good all the time. [Music] Well, God bless you, church. We love you. Amen. And uh so good to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; I tell you, we're going home and it ain't going to be too much longer. Keep pressing on. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. No matter what comes your way, keep pressing. Amen. And uh want to say again, it's really good to have our brother and family. God bless you all and look forward to meeting you guys and and uh who's the young man going to college? Ah, all right. Well, um anything you need while you're here, we're we're available. And uh even if you want to go buy me a coffee, I'm available. So just just joking. But uh anyways, um we we want to pray for those that are sick. I've known Sister Alice is not here. So we want to keep her in our prayer and uh Lord be with her and um keep uh Sister Kim, Sister Martha. Sure. Good seeing you, Sister Martha. Amen. And so we we want to keep her in our prayer. Know she's been in a lot of pain and and things and and so I I I know I know it was an effort for her to come today, but we really appreciate her coming. Really good to see her. Sister Hope, want to keep her in our prayer. and uh brother Amos, sister Lisa, they're out of town and uh but um so we want to keep them in our prayer and u so anyway uh God bless y'all and uh we'll just bow our heads in a word of prayer and um brother Terry, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? [Music] Love is everlasting. and his mercies, they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. [Applause] [Music] Now when you're walking through the valleys and there are shadows all
