################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - Pastor Shawn Martin Receiving The Word And Saying The Right Thing - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   Pastor Shawn Martin "Receiving The Word And Saying The Right Thing"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoJbGv0yqL0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] 1 [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Everybody. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's [Music] go. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] for your Spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. [Music] Amen. Can we just stand to our feet tonight? Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, and the saints go maring in. Oh, I'm a pilgrim and a stranger. Oh, wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go marching in. Oh, I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven's doors will open for me. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. Oh, when we get around the throne and the gates are closed within, I'll be shouting gloryy, glory. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go marching in. I like this. I am waiting for my chariot. Oh, to swing low and I'll step in. Oh, on the clouds. Oh, we'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go, as they come for the offering. Oh yes, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go marching in. Do you believe you'll be in that number? Amen, brother Joe. Amen. I'm looking forward to that day. Amen. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? [Music] Oh, having no burdens to bear. Oh, joyouishly singing, heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, having no burdens to bear. Oh, joyously shing, our bells all ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Now when with the Savior we enter the glory land, won't it be wonderful there? Ended the troubles and cares of the story land. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh yes. Won't it be wonderful there? [Music] Oh, having no burdens to bear. We're joyously singing with heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Oh, walking and talking with Christ, the suppernal one. Won't it be wonderful there? We're praising, adoring the matchless, eternal one. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Oh yes, won't it be wonderful there? Oh, having no burdens to bear. We're joyouishly singing with heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Now there where the tempest will never be sweeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, sure that forever the Lord will be keeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Just any day now. Oh, having no burdens to bear. Oh, joyously singing. Our bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonder? Oh, yes. Want to be wonderful there. Oh, having no burdens to bear. Oh, joyously singing. Our bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. I'll find my way. Amen. Oh, some glad morning when this life is over. Oh, fly away. Oh, yes. To a home on God's special shores. I'll fly away. Oh yes, I'll fly away. Oh glor I'll fly away. Well now I cannot die. Hallelujah. By my oh I fly away now with the shadows of this life have grown. How I'll fly away. Oh yes. Like a bird from prison bars has flown. Oh, I fly away. Oh yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. Oh, I cannot die. Hallelujah. Bye bye. Oh, I'll fly away now. Just a few more. Oh, weary days and then and I'll fly away. Oh, to a land where joy shall never end. I'll fly away. Oh yes, I'll fly away. Oh glory fly away. Oh why can I and I hallelujah by oh I fly away. Oh yeah I fly away. Oh glory I fly away. Oh any day now I cannot die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I'll fly away. Amen. One of these days and we're going to be out of here. Amen. Can we sing that song? I'm going to praise you with everything in me. I'm I'm going to praise you with everything in me. [Music] I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all again. [Music] I'm going to praise you with everything in me. [Music] I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all again. Sing it again. I'm going to praise you with everything in me. I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. When I've done it all, I'll just do. Can we sing that again now with all your hearts? Oh yes. I'm going to praise you with everything in me. Yes, Lord. I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship [Music] in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all. Sing it as a prayer. Oh, I'm going to praise you with everything in me. I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all again. And as they would just play softly now, we'll go into a prayer request tonight. Um it says uh Sister U Ruth Anne uh Carter Carter um in the passing uh we want to remember her in our prayers at the passing of uh her husband uh brother Matt Carter. And also we want to uh remember uh an elderly of the elderly folks. Amen. And the and the flood victims and families there Texas. Amen. So we want to keep them in our prayers as put in by brother Amos. Also we want to remember the um the Evans family. They're from Ohio. um they uh their their barn caught on fire and he ran a little uh HVAC business and um everything he had with the business was in the barn and uh they lost it all. So, let's just keep them in our prayers tonight. Um we want to keep brother Zachary uh Wallace in our prayers. He's been in the jungles of I believe Honduras uh for about a week now and I I believe he's going to be there for a couple more weeks. Amen. Reaching the lost souls there. So, let's just keep Brother Zachary in our prayers as well as brother Andrew uh Glover, Brother Josh Martin, uh they're in Czech Republic uh ministering uh over there. So, let's just keep these uh soldiers uh in our prayers tonight. Amen. How many has an unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. We want to keep Brother Bob in our prayers. Amen. Sister Jane and Sister Kim uh weeks in our prayers that the Lord would just continue doing a work for them. Amen. Maybe we could um ask brother Terry if you would come and lead us tonight. Amen. We want to remember our pastor that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. How many can say, "Lord, speak to me tonight." Amen. That's that's my desire tonight is Lord speak to me. Amen. Let's all just bow our heads, could we? Lord, we want to take this time to thank you. I remember what the prophet of God told us. He said, "Before you ask any petition, try to thank the Lord for all that he means to us." Father, of course, we wouldn't have sufficient time to do that. But just in a short way, we want to say thank you, Lord. Thank you for privilege to come to church. Thank you, Lord, for sending us this great end time message. Thank you God for opening our eyes to understanding. Thank you Lord that you put that predestinated seed in our heart Lord that representation that you put within us that we would have some pull call in our own soul to be able to respond to that calling that you gave to us Lord. How thankful we are to be knowing that we have been chosen before the foundation of the world that what do we do? Nothing. It's just all your sovereign grace. How we appreciate it. Thank you for the privilege to be in church again tonight, Lord, that you've given us good health. And I pray, dear God, that now you'd speak through our brothers, the ministers the word of God. Let it be ever present water from the rock. We pray for sister Ruth Anne Carter, our precious friends down Happy Valley. Brother Mack Passenon's in I think 84, 85, something like that. But up in age, but Lord, he was a real saint of God. We love our our brother. Lord, he's come up to your house tonight. And and I pray for the family remaining that's still down here. And I pray Lord for each of these other requests that's been given in. And you know the needs of each one and we just commit it into your hands. And we know that by your stripes each one heal those that are sick and the has special needs. Oh God, how mindful you are of your children. Lord just anoint the servant to bring the word of life tonight. And we just give you praise. We thank you for all that you mean to us. Lord, you're so wonderful, so great. Thank you again in Christ's name. Amen. Everything in me. I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all. Sing it with all your hearts now. Oh, I'm going to praise you. With everything in me. I'm going to lift you high for all the world to see. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. When I've done it all, I'll just do it all again. You can be seated. Amen. It's good to have brother Amos and Sister Lisa back with us. Amen. I want to ask sister Lisa if she would come and sing for us. I'm going to lift you high for all the world. I'm going to worship in every way that I can. And when I've done it all, I'll just do it all again. [Music] Behold, [Music] a million scenes of rare beauty will demand that I view them. But Jesus will outshine them all. [Music] Andions will glisten on the heels of glory. Happy reunions on streets of gold. Angel choir singing glad praises forever. But Jesus will outshine them all. A sparkling river is flowing. Happy faces. A glowing land of splendor where night never falls. A golden glass gives reflection to that city perfection. Still Jesus will outshine [Music] them all. Oh man will glisten on the hills of glory. Happy reunions on streets of gold. [Music] Angels were singing glad praises forever. But Jesus will outshine them all. Oh, manions will glisten on the hills of glory. Happy reunions on streets of gold. Angels were singing glad praises forever. [Music] that Jesus will outshine them all. [Music] Oh my Jesus will outshine them all. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Amen. I failed to mention it's really good to have brother Kevin, sister Melissa, Sister Anna back with us. Amen. Well, I'm going through. I'm going through. You see, I'll pay the price no matter what others do. Oh, I'll take the way with the Lord despise few. You see, I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Oh yes, I'm going through. Oh, I'm going through. Oh, I'll pay the price no matter what others do. Oh yes, I'll take the way with the Lord's despised few. Oh, I've started with Jesus and I'm Can we sing it one more time? Can we stand to our feet? Oh, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. Oh, I'll pay the price no matter what others do. Oh, and I'll take the way with the Lord's despise few. Well, I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Amen. How many's ready for the word tonight? Amen. As we invite our pastor to come by his word, I'll prevail. by his word. [Music] Oh, I prevail by his word. I'll never fail. [Music] By his word I'll overcome. [Music] By his word I'll prevail and I'll overcome. Oh, by his word, oh, I'll prevail. Oh, by his word, [Music] I'll never fail. [Music] I'll overcome you by his word [Music] and I'll overcome. Sing it again. by his word. Oh my. Oh, I'll prevail [Music] by his word. I'll never fail. [Music] By his word I'll overcome by his word. I'll prevail and I'll overcome. Well, aren't you glad for that? What a hope that we have. Amen. Not victims, but we are overcomers. Amen. Amen. And um God's made a way for us to overcome. And I'm so glad for that. Amen. Well, do you love the Lord? Trust you had a good day today. And um it's good to have brother Kevin and his family back with us. And uh brother Amos, sister Lisa. Amen. And uh just everyone in the house of the Lord and um Amen. Uh appreciate the musicians and uh they can uh be dismissed there. Uh but I do want to just remind you that brother Andy Schuler uh and his family, the Lord willing, will be with us this Sunday. And so, uh, looking forward to what God has, uh, in store for us. Amen. And so, we want to, uh, remember that. Amen. And as, um, Daniel had mentioned, want to remember brother Zachary as he's over out in the jungles. And brother Zachary is a true missionary. and uh um he's going out into spots that people hadn't heard the message before and and um way out there, you know, and so they uh uh he goes out there, they kill that goat, and I know brother Sandy would know what we're talking about. Uh but uh uh they kill that goat, you know, and he said tastes pretty good the first day and second day it tastes, you know, pretty good. third day. He said it's pretty rough, you know, and but they don't have freezers or refrigerators and all of that. So, he sent a picture last night. He's on top of a truck and uh only gotten just a few hours sleep, but he was on sitting on a tire on the on the top the cab and that was going to be his seat for three hours driving riding in the jungles and um so I certainly uh appreciate his heart uh to bring the word to uh the people and uh we certainly want to keep him in our prayer. Amen. Uh if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Mark, uh the 7th chapter. Praise the Lord. And I know um you we may not all be called to to to do, you know, go overseas and endure those type of things. And tell you what, my hats off to brother Sandy all these years as he has uh done such a thing as that and had a lot of stories to tell. And you know, it's um I know when you hearing them stories, you think, "Oh, wow. That's you know, kind of neat." But uh but to experience that yourself, I wouldn't want to experience that. And uh but it just takes a a real person uh God-called individual to be able to endure those things. I think it was brother Sandy, you know, saying one time, you know, they were in a hut and uh they, you know, I think he had a flashlight or something. Turn on the flashlight and there spiders just all over the ceiling, you know, and it just Huh. Oh, scorpions even worse. and uh but God spared them. So uh you know when they come back to us uh we just thank the Lord that God protected them through all of that and uh uh the Lord is certainly good. Amen. Uh so um we want to look at Mark 7 and um 25 says for a certain woman whose young daughter had an unclean spirit heard of him and came and fell at his feet. The woman was a Greek uh siren Phoenician uh by uh nation and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. But Jesus said unto her, "The children first be filled, for or let the children first be filled, for it is not meat to take the uh children's bread and cast it unto dogs." And she answered and said, "Yes, Lord." Now, that's her reply. "Yes, Lord. Yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs." And he said unto her, "For this thing, go thy way. The devil is gone out of your daughter." Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, we come to you, Lord, as your children with the promise that you would be here with us, Lord. And it is a special time to us as it is a special time to you when we come to meet and Lord meet with you. We're just praying, Father, that the songs that was sung, the worship that was displayed, that it would be pleasing to your sight, Father, to where you would feel at home and that you would speak to us, Lord. And we're just asking you to minister to every heart, Lord. I I know we've been in the message for, you know, a while, Lord, and but maybe it never become common to us. May coming together not be common, Lord. But may we always treat it as a special time with you, Father. And Lord, we just give you all praise and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated this evening. So my title uh would be receiving the word and saying the right thing. And uh you know I uh just trying to maybe study today and just really couldn't uh get u settled in on a thought. And so, uh, I was listening or reading, um, uh, uh, message and and, uh, this thought had just come to me and I pray that it'll be a help to you. But you know, the Bible says that the the death and life are held in the power of the tongue. It's it's that so the tongue has power. It can it can bring life or it can bring death. I think that's interesting of how that we as humans have that power within us. Not looking for something outside but it's it's within us. And so uh we we find that of course in the beginning you know we could always start at the foundation and and that was that God created the heavens and earth by his word. He spoke it. It it it was it was something that because his word had power and he would speak it and then it created. And so when God created man in his image, it was his desire to have fellowship. Now, you can't have fellowship. It's hard to have fellowship with someone that's out of your league, if you know what I mean. You know, if if if a man is just constantly talking about computers and the technology and the the ins and outs about computers and you have no clue what computers are like and all that, it's kind of hard to keep up and to have fellowship in that area. And so, um, we we find that God wanted fellowship with man. So he would he he made man in his own image and then gives him dominion over the earth. And so as God just simply spoke things into existence, man now becomes an amateur God and he would do it. He would rule over the earth, over the universe and he would do it by his words. And so, uh, um, Brother Bram said, you know, he was God over the earth. He could speak and it would be so. He could speak this and it would be so. Everything he would speak, he could speak to the winds and it would be so. He could speak to the trees, be changed, be plucked up and set over here to the winds and waves, be still, and it would stop. Because God uh uh, man had dominion by his word. it it wouldn't happen just by thinking on it. It wouldn't happen just by wishing it and looking at it and but but when he spoke the word then the the power or the dominion the authority that he had was was exercised and and displayed. And so when Jesus even came to the fig tree as we know uh he cursed it. There was nothing on that no fruit. And so he cursed it and said, "No, no man eat from thee from this day forward." You know, and so then the Bible tells us that his disciples heard this and they went, you know, Jesus and his disciples went on and went on into the city and the next day they come back and and and Peter noticed that the the tree had had withered. And so Mark 11:21 said Peter calling to remembrance sth unto him, "Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursed is withered." And Jesus answering sith unto them, "Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be cast thou uh be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he say shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Where therefore I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. Ain't that right? So, so now this was strange. No doubt even when Jesus is speaking this and it must have been a shocker for the disciples when they saw that the tree had obeyed Jesus's words. But that's how far man had come had fallen. It'd been so long since man just spoke something as Adam did, but we had fallen from that. Man had fallen from that authority. Ain't that right? And so, uh, we know that Jesus come to pay the price of redemption, to bring man back to to his position, to bring us back, uh, to from to what we fell from. Ain't that right? And so, he knew he knew that there would come a time that man would come back to this position of authority. And so he's he's saying, "Whosoever shall say to this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast in sea, don't doubt, it shall be done. You shall have what you say." Ain't that right? See, and so it and and so what was coming, Jesus is saying there's a fellowship. There's a a oneness that is going to happen. And when this happens, then man will be able to speak the word again. And you know, so I I look at that um uh uh uh it's it's coming to a oneness with God. I I believe that we've come to that place. I I believe this is what the adoption of sons are. Um the Paul talked about the manifestation of sons of God. Uh brother Brandham said that there was no time outside of this time that the sons of God are to be manifested. It's it's in this age and so but it's it's not it's it's not um uh speaking our own words. I I you know I I remember uh riding with the pastor and I was preaching a meeting uh uh at his church and uh we we had went and and uh so so he had told the uh church, you know, it had been raining apparently for for several weeks. And so he told the church uh he says, "We're tired of the rain. We're just tired of it, you know." And he says, "Tonight we're going to work the third pull." And uh so I thought, well, this will be interesting, you know, and uh he says, "We're going to work the third pool." And he said, "Rain, you know, don't come back for three days, you know, and uh and u so the church is all excited, you know, and I thought, well, you know, well, we went outside and it wasn't raining, you know, and uh next day it didn't rain, so I thought, well, this is good, you know." And um well the second day we were in the car and we were at a stoplight and it just just just dumped. I mean just pouring. And I just remember the pastor, you know, he looked up in the rear in his, you know, the windshield. He looked up toward heaven and says, "God, why are you doing this to me?" You know, and I I thought, well, that's a real shocker there. You know, uh you can't blame God for something that he didn't speak. Amen. And so, uh, and and I always kept that in my mind that you just can't work the third pull on your own. It it it it it's not our words. It's it's not something that we speak ourselves that we think. It's it's not that at all. Because you remember uh uh uh my words will fail, your words will fail. Uh Romans 3:4 says, "Let God be true and every man a liar." Ain't that right? And and so then it's not us speaking our words, but it's it's us speaking God's word under inspiration. And and so um uh Psalms 81:10, God says, "Open thy mouth wide and I will fill it." So then that the key is is that we just receive the word. He puts the words in us and we speak his word. Amen. Ain't that right? He he so he and and and I looked it all up. You know what brother Brandham said about that scripture that verse open thy mouth wide and I'll fill it. Brother Brandon says what he does he going to fill your mouth with word his word. He'll fill your mouth with his word and then you speak. Now the gospel has gone forth. Ain't that right? God has sent us a prophet. The word has been restored, been revealed to us. We do not need another messenger. We do not need an eighth angel. We uh Bible never promised it. And I know men only do that because they want attention. They want a gathering and people are dumb enough to follow it. But but we don't need that. God sent a seventh angel to open the mysteries, to reveal the mystery, to finish it up. And there is no mystery. We just need to believe it. believe what God has spoken. Ain't that right? So, so the gospel has gone forth. The word has has gone. So, it's not like we need something uh uh the Lord to come and give us something special to say and I and I hope you'll take that in the right way. Uh but brother Brandham, you know, as he's praying in one place said, Lord, the word's gone forth. May the people collect what words? Let let them collect some words. If they're sick, let them collect some words that they can believe it. Ain't that right? If if you're sick, just just click what words that have gone forth for your healing. If you need deliverance, just collect the words into your heart for for your deliverance. Ain't that right? God only backs up his words. Amen. That's that's the only thing he's going to back up. Now, Brother Brandon would tell us if you want deity in your midst. Now, we all know what deity is. That's God. That's the supernatural. Amen. That that's the time that nothing is impossible. Ain't that right? When he's in your midst, what devil can stand there and resist? So if you want deity in your midst, he says, then welcome and receive the word. Now people just ain't satisfied with what word God has given us in this age. So they need something better. They need something else. But if you want deity in your midst, just receive it. Just welcome the word and receive the word. Ain't that right? Now another place brother Brown said when we receive the word of God then we become God's word in flesh and he said the church should be in that condition. So so a prophet knowing where the church should be. It's not back in in the Methodist Pentecostal. It's not even back in in in Isusa or or or the day of Pentecost. We're up to a place that the church should be God's word made flesh. Can you say amen? Amen. So, and and we become God's word in our flesh when we receive the word of God. Now, again, the revealed word has been sold. In 1962, brother Brandham prayed uh saying this, "May the spirit water the seed, the word, and produce a crop, a bride for the Lord Jesus, a sanctified womb of the heart to receive the word." So, so God didn't bring send this prophet with a message, amen, in uh for not in in vain. But the spirit of God would produce a crop, a bride, a man that would have a a a sanctified womb of the heart to receive the word. Ain't that right? So So that word now becomes power. It's not just our word. It's not just us speaking. It's it's it's not us uh receiving a creed or tradition or we've been separated from that for the word's sake. And and so now the apostle Paul would tell us that the word came in power as well as in voice. The word when the word is spoken then the word also has power. Amen. There's power behind that voice. Do you believe that? So the preaching of the word actually demonstrated itself. and uh uh back in Paul's day. And when the word is spoken today, it still demonstrates itself. Do you believe that? Brother Brandham said, you know, he says, like a flaming cutting sword, it went to the consciences of men. Like a surgeon's knife, it cut out the diseases and set captives free. What was it? It was the word that went forth. Everywhere those early believers went, they went preaching the gospel, the word. And God confirmed that word with signs following. The sick were healed. Devils were cast out. They spoke in new tongues. That's that was the word in action. Right? That word has never failed in the mouths of believing Christians. When the word gets in the mouth of a believing Christian, that word will never fail, but it will demonstrate power. So he says, "And in this last stage, it is here stronger and greater than ever in the true word bride. It's it's here stronger than what was in the book of Acts. It was here. It's here stronger than what it was in any any age of of this of of the seven ages there or uh uh because uh um it's in the true word bride." So he says, "Oh little flock, you little minority, hold on to the word." Can you say amen? Hold on to the word. Fill your mouth and heart with it and someday God will give you the kingdom. Amen. I'm so glad for that. Ain't that right? So, so I I I tell you, we have the power right now. Amen. Deity is not in heaven. It's in you. Why? Because the word, you've received the word and the word is God, right? And so we we find that that as Paul, he said in Romans 10:8, he said, "The word is nighe even in thy mouth." Don't need magical tricks. Don't need a a wand wave over you. The word is nigh thee even in thy mouth and in thine heart. That is the word of faith which we preach. So it's the word of faith that is preached and when you receive it, it gets into your heart and from the abundance of the the heart, the mouth speaketh. So the word comes into your heart by you believing that word. It comes down inside of you and then you begin to have your mouth filled with that word. Lord, can you say amen? Amen. Now I I realize that there are times that we wait for, you know, we need to wait uh on God for to inspire us um you know uh to in what to speak. It's like brother Brandham would have never spoke the squirrels into existence if God hadn't inspired him to do so. And so as you know, brother Brandham told what happened that day and he says something said to me, "How many squirrels do you want?" So this was not brother Brandham coming up with this idea. Oh, I need squirrels today. God, give it to me. It it it was something that came to him, inspired him, put that thought in his mind, how many squirrels do you want? And he answered back and said, "Well, I've got, you know, 114 this year, 117." I said, "If I if I had three more, it'd make 120. That would be just an even number to stop on." And I said, "Another thing, it'd give me six to take home." And he says that as he walked in the woods, something said to him, "Amen. Speak it." Amen. Say to it, "Speak three squirrels and you will have it." Can you say amen? Well, he wouldn't have done that had not God came to him and inspired him to speak them words. He would not have uh uh called the tumor out of spoke the tumor out of existence that was on his wife's side. had not God inspired him to speak it. Amen. Remember, she had had it all them that for years and and it was getting worse and worse. The doctor says, "You better let me take that out. Cut that out." And brother Bram said, "No, just wait. Wait." And it kept, you know, putting it off, putting it off. And she was in a lot of pain. And finally, you know, it just it just come to it that she had to go. and and so she had gotten the appointment made and everything and uh um but he was in prayer. Uh she was in Arizona, I believe he was I believe maybe back in Jeffersonville or whatever, but he was alone and he just knelt down and began to pray for her and just say, "God, you know, she's been a good wife to me and uh to my children and and all these things." And as he's praying, then then uh uh uh brother Brandham says, "There came that light hanging down there and it said, "Stand up on your feet." Amen. And I stood up and he said, "Whatever you say, that's the way it will be." Well, see, Brother Bram never spoke it. I mean, he he he was waiting for something. He he was asking God. He was pleading for her life. He He was, "Oh, God, be merciful to her." And And the spirit of God came in there. Stand up. Speak it. And whatever you say, it's going to happen. See, so there there has to be an inspiration before we speak. Ain't that right? But maybe sometimes we're waiting for something to happen that will never be. Maybe we're waiting for something big. Maybe we're waiting for lightning to flash out of heaven and strike us, you know, and give us a uh uh some fantastic idea about something. And you know, but until then, we just, you know, we we just living h just barely making it and oh, woe is me and I don't know, you know, and and and just kind of all of these things. Where's God? And and uh we ain't seeing nothing happening and and whatever, you know, and uh uh and and maybe we just imagine a certain thing has to happen before we can say anything. But see if we have received the word which is the word of faith then that word of faith is in our heart and in our mouth. Can you say amen? That word of faith is still there in our heart and in our mouth. Now in in our opening scripture, this woman uh uh uh heard about the miracles that Jesus had done. Uh she was not a Jew. She was a Greek woman and she was not familiar with Jesus's ministry. Did not personally see, was not an eyewitness of any of the miracles that Jesus done. But she had heard his fame had spread abroad and and she heard of the miracles that was happening and what he had done and no doubt heard about the water being turned into to wine and no doubt maybe heard about Lazarus or of the dead being raised or or whatever. And but but as she heard these things, faith come alive in her heart and and she determined, I'm going to go see him. I'm going to get an audience with him and I'm going to get what I need from him. Her daughter was vexed of a devil. She was being tormented. Ain't that right? And so we we know now that faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. So so what I'm saying is is every day every time you're coming to church, you have the opportunity to take faith into your heart. You have the opportunity to hear the word and let that word come alive in your heart. Every time you play the message in at your home or in your car or wherever you're at, you have the opportunity right there to let faith come alive into your heart. That's why you cannot let these uh services and you cannot let the message become common. That's your faith line. That's that's your source of faith. And and and so faith cometh by hearing the word of God. Now, brother Bram says when faith takes a hold, God is there. Can you say amen? So, so this little lady had determined within herself to see Jesus. And the problem said she had many hindrances. Maybe her church, they didn't believe in miracles. They weren't part of Jesus. Maybe they weren't looking for Messiah. They weren't looking for nothing. They they didn't have the promises like the Jews had. She was a Greek. But but she so she had different. So when the the moment she decided, I'm going to go see maybe her, you know, her bishop heard about it, her priest, and says, "Oh, you can't go. That's fanaticism." Maybe her friends would tell her, "Oh, you're crazy. You're not of that race. You you you you're not in that class of people. They they ain't going to hear you. Yeah. You You understand what I'm saying? And and so maybe the friends, the family, everybody just tried to discourage her. Maybe she didn't have really have the money uh uh to travel that far, Amen. to see Jesus. Brother Brandham said somebody might have reminded her that she was a Greek woman and that she wasn't in his class of people. They may have told her that she had to have different skin color than his or uh might have told her that there's no such thing as that healing that you hear about. It's just another fanatic that is raised up. A lot of hindrances, but the prophet said her faith had no hindrance at all. She might have had the hindrance, but her faith didn't have the hindrance. Can you say amen? He said, see, faith doesn't have any hindrance at all. there's nothing that can hinder faith. So, you know, she's endured all of these this the setbacks and all these things and she finally gets an audience with with Jesus and Jesus ignores her and and that that well that that probably enough to to uh to discourage a lot of people today that cause well forget it, you know. And yet she she she stood there and she's making her plea to him. Amen. And finally when he responds it's well it's not meat for me to give the children's bread to dogs. Called her a dog. Insulted her. Ain't that right? But you know that what brother Brandham uh uh points out to us is that she actually agreed with him instead of getting assault insulted by it. She agreed instead of walking away from the insult and and feeling rejected. She agreed with him. Now the prophet says anytime faith is there faith will agree with the word. Can you say amen? So yes she agreed with him and said yes that's truth. See and so he says see how real faith will witness the word to be truth. She was speaking the word of faith. Can you say amen? Now listen. See, she she already had faith in him knowing that she's going to give the answer. She had faith knowing that he is the one that could change the situation. Ain't that right? So, she now it was the word of faith speaking. Faith wouldn't let her get discouraged. Faith wouldn't let her get insulted. Faith wouldn't let her give up. Satan wouldn't let her faith wouldn't let her just turn her back and walk away and go back home. So the word of faith began to speak and said, "Yay, Lord, I understand that. I'll take that insult." But even the dogs eat from the crumbs that fall off the master's table. Can you say amen? See, so the prophet says when faith speaks, everything else shuts up. Symptoms cannot speak when faith speaks. Can you say amen? And the woman's faith was speaking. Amen. Well, her faith was inspired by the word of what she had heard about the miracles and all of these things. Can you say amen? And so here her she believed what Jesus was saying was the truth and her words were agreeing with what she had believed. See she agreed with what Jesus was saying but her faith caused her to say but even the dogs eat from the crumbs that fall off the master's table. Can you say amen? You know the prophet said she wasn't after all the bread that the children could eat. She was just after crumbs. Hello. She was just after crumbs. Now church, we're we don't have to just accept crumbs. We're not invited to eat crumbs. We're invited to sit at the master's table. So she expressed her faith by her words. And and so Jesus says, "For this saying, for this saying, well, what if she didn't say nothing? What if she would have just looked at him, stuck her tongue out, wrinkled her nose at him, and gave him an evil look, but there was faith in her heart. And faith knows no hindrance. Amen. In her own self, she might have felt insulted, but faith was there. Ain't that right? And she expressed her faith by her words. And Jesus says, "For this saying, go thy way. The devil is gone." The devil is gone from thy daughter. Hello. She didn't receive a lightning bolt. She didn't receive something, you know, a a thunder roll. She just had faith in her heart. And let that faith speak. And the devil had to go. The devil that had been vexing her daughter had to go because there was something that she said that pleased him. Can you say amen for this thing? It wasn't that Jesus felt sorry for her. It was what she said by faith. Amen. Now, that was the first miracle ever performed on a gentile. And notice, she wasn't going around saying, "Well, you know, this might all be in vain. I don't even know if I'm going to get the miracle or not." No, that wouldn't been faith. There would have been no need for her to try. There would have been no need for her to start even on the trip. But her faith brought her to Christ. Can you say amen? Now, so now the prophet said she come reverently, peacefully, humbly. Amen. And he says faith, everybody say faith always humbles itself to the word. To the word. When there's real faith, it always humbles itself to the word. Amen. Ain't that right? Amen. Now, the prophet said Jesus never went to go pray for her daughter. Never did. He just said it. And that's all she wanted to know. That's all she needed to know from him is the devil's gone. She didn't need him to come there just in case. Her faith was intact. Can you say amen? He says, "I can imagine her saying, "Thank you, my Lord. Blessed be your holy name." And all the critics standing on the street say, "Hey, what did you get?" "Oh, my daughter's healed." Well, how do you know? She was having a fit just when I left there. Oh, that don't make a bit of difference. I got it. Why? He said so. Can you say amen? If faith would cause her to agree with his insult, then it would actually cause her to agree with what he said about her daughter. Praise the Lord. That's good. Can you say amen? Well, how do you know you got it? He said so. Amen. Amen. Amen. She met the pastor of her goddess down there and he said, "Why? You know what? I've got your letter wrote out." In other words, I'm going to dismiss you. you're excommunicated. He said, "I she she said, "I'll save you the trouble. Don't even bring it to me. Just throw it in the fire anyhow." Why? I'm on my road. I've got my request. My daughter's healed. She was claiming her healing before she even saw the miracle. But her faith was resting in what the word said. It was a true faith to humble itself to the word. Amen. Can you say amen? Brother Brandham talked to Sister Hadtie Wright. She had a sister that was an invalid. She was very poor. Her parents were poor. There were needs in her family. She had the two boys that needed salvation. But when brother Brandham was there telling the story of the squirrels being created, I honestly don't think that her mind was on the boys. I don't think her mind was upon her sister. I, you know, I I'm just, now that's me. I believe she got so wrapped up in what Brother Bram was saying. That it just inspired faith in her. Amen. She didn't just stop say, "Hey, hey, well then try that with my boys then. Try that with my sister. Try if if that if you're saying is true, then why aren't my sister being healed?" You understand what I'm saying? But it inspired faith in him in her to where she just got so wrapped up in it. She spoke it and said that ain't nothing but the truth. She wasn't worrying. She I don't think she was thinking about the results that that would bring. It was just something in her heart. The word became filled. Her mouth was filled. That's true. With a word. Amen. That's true. That's good. That ain't nothing but the truth. Can you say amen? That's right. I don't think she was in the depths feeling sorry for herself. I don't think she was just troubled with all the cares of life. Something about that word that the prophet was saying arrested her heart. She got in the inspiration of it. Her faith got inspired by it. Can you say amen? And her faith caused her to speak the words that agreed with what the prophet was saying. Can you say amen? I'll say that again. Her faith caused her to speak words that agreed with what the prophet was saying. Amen. It pleased God. Yes, sir. What she spoke pleased God. Amen. She didn't have words to say until a prophet began to tell the story. And as she's hearing the word, as she's hearing the truth, her faith was being inspired and it filled her mouth. Can you say amen? Yes, sir. Amen. Brother Brham said she said the right thing. Ain't that right? She didn't sit around saying, "Well, I wonder what I can say that'll please God." It was just something in her heart. It was burning in her heart. She just had to amen the word. Can you say amen? You see, when it comes from the heart and it's being an inspiration and we start agreeing with that word, it pleases God. You don't have to go around and say, "Well, I wonder what I could say to please God." I just wonder, you know, no, she said the right thing. And what was it? She admitted the word was right. Ain't that right? Yep. Bream said, "Faith will always agree with the word." Faith admits the word is the truth. Amen. He said if you've got real faith and the Bible tells you that you you are doing wrong, you'll admit that you're doing wrong. Amen. Why? Because faith admits the word is right. It just admits the truth. And here Jesus called that woman a dog and yet she says, "True, Lord, true." The faith also said, "But even though dogs eat from the crumbs that fall off the master's table," you understand what I'm saying? You ain't, you know, people get so offended at the word these days. Oh, he's stepping on me. He He just trying to preach at me all. But faith would really just say, "I'm wrong." Faith just admits it. Can you say amen? Why? whether it's a corrective, whether it's a a positive or or well, the word's always positive, but it can correct. It can uplift, it can it can whatever, but the the faith just says that's the truth. And because we believe it, we repent. Amen. Can you say amen? So he says, if you got real faith and the Bible tells you that you're doing wrong, you'll admit that you're wrong. You won't say, "Well, now wait a minute here. I belong to. He said, "No, no, that's not faith." When the word says it, that's where you're right or wrong is by the word. Can you say amen? That's where you're right or wrong is by the word. Amen. Now, see, that's where oneness with God uh comes. Brother Bram said, "Onnesseness with God is to have God's spirit in you, agreeing with the word, all the word, the whole word, and to make it manifested in power." Now, Haddie wasn't waiting for a lightning bolt. She wasn't waiting for, "Oh, God, if you'd just say something to me and cause me to speak to my mountain, I know it'll be healed. I know it'll be right." But just at the words of a prophet, what was being said, she realized it was the truth. Amen. She's going to admit it. Whether you know what, you understand what I'm saying? We get so busy looking at our problems that we start complaining. We start looking around. Well, God, I don't know. But she wasn't in that. She wasn't doing that. She was being inspired by word. Praise the Lord. I hope that makes sense to you. Just hearing the word and the faith went within her agreed with it and she spoke words that pleased God. And the inspiration came down and a word was spoke. A word of salvation was spoke to her boys. Amen. Can you say amen? You see, saying the right thing will get God's attention. I believe Brother Brham said that. Saying the right thing will get God's attention. Brother Brandham, he was fixing to have discernment. You know how he talks and to the people and things. And he said to the audience, he said, "You just say,"Father God, Brother Ram knows nothing about me. Maybe you don't even know me. Uh maybe you don't know even know me. Any um it don't matter where you are. Just somewhere in the building. Just say, "Father God, he knows nothing about me, but let him speak to me and tell me what my trouble is." Or something like that, and I'll believe you. I believe you because the word is then I know is flesh with he and I together with a contact with God. The Holy Spirit is here. Let him do it. As soon as he said that, he looked at a woman and said that lady with her hands laying on her lap like that looked up and said, "Yes." Just then as she nodded her head, she believed it. You just said the right thing. Just agreeing with the word. Amen. Just simply saying yes. Can you say amen? You just said the right thing. The high blood pressure you've got and the trail heart trouble, if you'll believe with all your heart, it'll leave you. Can you say amen? We know of the story of the little fish that was brought to life by the power of the third pool, the spoken word. Praise the Lord. You know, Brother Bram said how that come about is brother Banks Woods. He said the right thing. And he was telling his brother, he said, "We ought to go over here to some old lady. She's about 90 years old." And said, "When we were little Jehovah's Witness boys, she used to go around there and give us bread and butter." He said, "You remember that homemade bread?" Talking to his brother. He said, "We ought to go tell her that we are saved." He said that was the right thing to say. And as soon as he said that, there come that whirlwind rolling down and he said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, you'll see a resurrection of a small animal." Remember that? Now, I'm not going to keep you. But brother Brandham as he's talking about that he says please try to catch this. So this is important right? Please try to catch this. It's just the way you say things sometimes that changes the whole setup. Amen. True. Can you say amen? Yeah. This tells us that we've got to be careful on what we say and how we say it. And we've got to keep our heart in reverence to the word. No matter what els us, no matter what troubles us, no matter what comes, we've had enough word to inspire faith in us, right? Amen. To where we could say the right thing to say words that would be agreement to say, "Well, I I don't know if I'm going to make it." Well, that's not in agreement with the word. Well, I I just don't I'm It's just getting worse. I just don't know. It's not in agreement with the word. When we're allowing depression, when we're allowing spirits and we're allowing things to get on us, and I understand we fight these things and I tell you, if you give into thing things, these type of things, it'll succumb you and it and it just becomes more it grabs a more of a hold on you and you you just start being negative about your life, about your situation, about whatever. You just start speaking negative and before you know it, it starts taking over because you're you're a channel and you're opening a channel. I'll just say it. You're opening a channel to a spirit of unbelief. It's it's the devil. Well, I don't know if my children are going to get saved because look at them. Well, see, you're opening up. You've got enough promises here. Now that that little Greek woman didn't have a promise at all, but she heard what he was doing. She heard the miracles that were taking place in in among the Israel, and she just said, "I'm going to go be part of this. I've got a need. I'm going to get my answer." With no promise whatsoever of receiving her miracle. But we've got promise after promise after promise because we are the seed of Abraham. We have got a covenant that God made with us unconditional. Amen. Can you say amen? So see, it's just the way you say things sometimes that changes the whole setupsy. So don't let the world put things in your mouth. Don't don't let your situation uh don't let the devil use your situation, feelings, emotions, your five senses of the body, five senses of the spirit, to where you open up. Well, I got prayed for, but I'm really hurt and I ain't seeing no positive. You're opening up to to Satan coming in. Hello. See, so so you you you when he tries to come in, that's where we got to resist that spirit. Say, I'm not going there. I ain't dwelling on that. Thank you, Lord. Can you say amen? Amen. So, don't let the unbeliever put thoughts in your mind that are contrary to God's word. Amen. Don't let Hollywood shape your mind about what religion ought to be. They they they can do good movies. They can come up with Christian thoughts and Christian idea, but they know nothing about the power of God. They all lean to psychology. They all lean to some natural thing. Hello. Don't let some theologian put creeds and denominational teachings in you. Yeah. You say, "Well, you know, but they they were good. Charles Spurgeon was a good good preacher." That's fine. No doubt he was. But that's not the word for our day. You understand what I'm saying? We got to take all that word, the whole word. receive the word. If if Moody was great, if if all this and they were for their day, then God wouldn't need to send a prophet. But what they had did not bring on the manifestation of sons. What they had did not bring us to a perfect faith. Amen. Can you say amen? So, see, we are to receive the word. Everybody say, "Receive the word." Receive the word. Now Joshua 1:8 says, "This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success." But what the word's got to not depart out of thy mouth, and you got to meditate it. Meditate therein day and night. Day and night, day and night. Can you say amen? Philippians 4:8, brother uh Paul, I believe, says, "Fining, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think on these things." So, what do we need to do? Keep Christ on your mind. Keep healing on your mind. Keep the promise on your mind. Can you say amen? Yes, it would be easy to let the devil take over our minds, but you cannot let him take over. It's the most easiest thing to just surrender to to negativity. Yeah. It's it's the most easiest thing, I guess, to surrender to to to what the world is telling us cuz we still got a sticky nature. Yeah, sure. Ain't that right? That's right. But as Christians, we've got to put all of that under our feet. Casting all imaginations, taking all of the doubt, taking all those things, and and that anything that exalts itself above the word of God, cast it down. Ain't that right? Keep the salvation of your children on your mind. Amen. Now notice, brother Bram said, if any thought comes by, well, maybe it couldn't be. So get it off your mind right quick. Amen. Think on things that's positive. Never let a negative thought pass through. Don't let it stop anyhow if it starts to. Keep your thoughts positive on Christ. Don't think sitting there in a wheelchair that you're hopeless and helpless. You're not. Think of that. He didn't ask her, "How long you been in that wheelchair?" He didn't know need to know if she was born that way. He didn't need to know nothing. He just told her, "You're not. You're not helpless. You're not hopeless." Why? Because all things are possible to them that believe. Ain't that right? So, he says, "See, uh uh um uh he says, see, you're not. Don't let that negative thought ever pass through. Don't let it anchor. You can't help it from going through your mind. That's right. But don't let it stop. Like the old farmer said, "I can't keep the birds from flying over my place." But he had a doublebarreled shotgun. He said, "I can sure keep them from roosting." So you do the same thing. Don't let them roost. Let them pass right on through. Amen. That's good. Ain't that right? Amen. If the musicians will come, brother Brandham, he was fixing to have a prayer line. And notice what he says to the congregation. He said, "Now, every one of you, not only ministers, but all all of you ought to pray for these people. You don't know what God might do for you while you're praying for someone else, right? What if you would say the right thing? Amen. Right. Amen. God, let our prayer be the right words. Amen. Let what we say be the right thing. And I know speaking negative about ourselves or about people or whatever it that doesn't help. That ain't of God. It ain't going to please God. It has to be the word of faith coming from a heart of faith that has received the word by faith. Ain't that right? So what if you'd say the right thing? Here's a woman standing here that's so sick they have to hold her up. But what if your prayer would be the right thing? Just like Banks said the right thing. Like Hattie said the right thing. What if you would say the right thing and your prayer would cause God to come down and do something? Amen. We can moan and complain about the church, about our wife, our husband, our children. We can complain about our job, about our financial situation. We can we can complain about the world. We can complain. It's the easiest thing. Everybody's complainers these days. [Music] But God as believers, God has given us his sons and daughters a word that if we would receive it by faith, let it be in our mouth and just say the right thing. It ain't having to say certain words. It's just agreeing with the word. Just agreeing with it. Can you say amen from the heart? A word of faith. We've got enough word, church, where we've got the power to create worlds. We've got enough word that God has given us in this age to change things for us. God bless you. I pray it was a help. [Music] and mold me every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Oh, sing it now. Let your word. That's it. Don't be a repellent to the word. Be a reception to the word. Be a receptacle. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, live inside this house of clay and mold me every day. Let your word be born in the manger. Uh sing that first verse. Oh was a tiny simple stable all beaten and one. Think of it. It was hardly a place for the King of Kings to be born. Oh, but he didn't choose some place special to reveal his majesty. I know if I'll just give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word, oh God, help us tonight. [Music] Let it live in me, Lord. [Music] Live inside and mold me every day. Let your word be born in the manger of Sing that second verse. Oh, outwardly I'm nothing, not much to behold. Just looks like I just could be ran over by that old devil. Looks like we'd be just a easy victim for the devil. But oh, there's something down inside. [Music] We just got to let him have his way. Let that word take effect in us. Let that word fill our mouth. Oh, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Oh, live inside this house of clay. Oh, and mold me every day. Let your word be born in the manger of Oh, sing that second verse. That's the way we feel though. Oh, outwardly we're nothing. Not much to behold. Oh, unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if we'll just yield our vessel and let him have his way. Hallelujah. That's what you got to do. Let that word sink into your heart. Let that word take a hold. Let your word faith knows no hindrance. Faith doesn't look at the obstacles. Faith doesn't look at the situation. Faith just looks at that word and holds on. Hallelujah. Oh, live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Can you lift your hands unto our Lord with hearts of faith? Hallelujah. Let your words be agreement to him today. his word. You're almighty God. Hallelujah. You're supreme. You're undefeated. Oh, you're mighty, oh God. We thank you, Lord. How true is your promise. How true your words are. You're unfailing God. Oh Lord, you have all power. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Satan is defeated. Hallelujah. Your word said so. We are victorious. Your word said so. Hallelujah. We're triumphant. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let your word be born in the manger of Oh, sing it once again. Oh, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. All live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. [Music] Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. [Music] We've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, sing it now. We've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomers in this life. And we've been made victorious through the blood. Can we go up a key? Hallelujah. Oh, we've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomers. Glory, glory, glory. We've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Sing it once again. Hallelujah. We've been made more than conquerors. Ain't regarding all the hindrances. Not looking at the situation. Hallelujah. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Sing it again. Oh, we've been made more than conquerors, [Music] overcomers. [Music] Bless the name of the Lord. For we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Hallelu. Hallelujah. Bless your holy name. Amen. And one more song. There is a name written down in glory. Oh, there is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Oh, it's mine. I'm the author of my story and it's mine. Oh, he is mine. I was lost in shame. Could not get past my blame until he called my name. I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down. But Jesus pulled me out and I'm hunger bound. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. The old is gone. There's new life. Aren't you glad for that? I live by faith, not by sight. Oh, there is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Every promise is mine. I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Oh, he's mine. See, sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. Now I see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, now I'm a new creation in Christ. The old has gone. There's new life. And I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory. Do you believe yours is there? Hallelujah. Oh, I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. As they just play softly, God bless you is our prayer. We love you. Praying for you. And let the word of faith be in your heart. Let it be in your mouths. Amen. And uh we want to remember um uh brother Andy Schuler again uh be with us, Lord willing, Sunday morning. And um I don't think there's any announcements. Is there any unannouncements? So So God bless you is our prayer. And uh we want to uh remember brother Mark, sister Crystal as they'll be coming uh home and uh God will just keep them safely. Amen. So God bless you and uh Sister Kim going to be having her surgery 25th 29th and so we want to keep her in prayer. God will just bring her through that and give her a speedy recovery. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. And uh brother Beiel, do you want to lead us in prayer? [Music] Walking free. I've got the victory. It's all over.
