################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Pastor Shawn Martin The Believer Has Protection - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "The Believer Has Protection"
Speaker:  Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 30m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahXN0zkiCC4
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message Of The Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey. Heat. Heat. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places thirsty for your love. And Lord, forgive me if I've wandered far away from you. You are all I've ever needed. Oh, come and make me new and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my Lord. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Can you stand to your feet now? Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Is that your desire? Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Lord, fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Sing it as a prayer now. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me, Lord. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now pour your spirit out. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor, Lord, to be in your house once again. Lord, I pray, Father, Lord, that you would just come in our midst this morning, Lord. I I pray that you would feel welcome this morning, Lord. Lord, I I pray, Lord, that you would just come down, Lord, and just touch every heart and every soul this morning, Lord. Lord, I I pray that you would give our our pastor strength this morning, Lord, as he comes and brings forth your word, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you'd bless the musicians, Lord, the songs, Lord, that would go forth, Lord. I pray that it would just be pleasing to you this morning, Father. Lord, we just love you. We thank you for all that you've done. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Are you glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? He set me free. Amen. Are you glad that you're free this morning? Amen. Are you glad that you're free? Amen. Oh, one's like a bird in prison. I dwell no freedom from my sorrow I felt. But Jesus came and he listened to me. Oh, and glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke those bonds. A prison for me. I'm glory bound. My Jesus deceive for glory to God. He set me free. Well, now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. Oh, my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm homer bound. Oh, he set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke those bonds of prison for me. Oh, I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, he set me free. Now goodbye to sin and things I confound. For not of this world will turn me around. For daily I'm working. I'm praying to and glory to God I'm going through. Oh he set me free. Yes he set me free. Oh, he broke those bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke those bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. Now goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world will turn me around. For daily I'm working, I'm praying to. And glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke those bonds of prison for me. Oh, I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see for glory to God. He Can we sing it one more time now? Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke those bonds. A prison for me. I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Amen. Amen. Brother Tim, We just like to ask you just offerings. Amen. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Can we sing it again? Yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Sing it again. I'm free. Do you believe you're free? Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, can we sing it again now? Yes. I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. Yeah. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. One more time. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, can we sing it one more time now? Yes, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Are you glad that you're free this morning? Amen. Free to worship him. Amen. Can we sing that song? He touched me. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. Oh, something wonderful happened. And now I know Jesus touched me and he made me whole. Sing it again. Oh, he he touched me. Oh, he touched me. and all the trouble that floods my soul. You see something happened and now now I know Jesus touched me and he made me whole. Sing it again. Oh, he touched me. Yes, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. You see something wonderful happen. And now I know Jesus touched me and he made me whole. If they would just play softly now. Amen. We want to um keep all those that are uh not here this morning due to the sickness. Amen. Uh we want to keep uh brother Junior and the boys in our prayers. They've been running a fever and uh brother Mark isn't feeling good. Sister Rebecca and Jonathan isn't feeling good as well as sister Alice. So, there's just a lot that are um not feeling well this morning. Amen. Don't see Janice this morning. So, let's just remember her in our prayers this morning. The Lord would just uh go and and be with her. May I? We want to um uh it says, "Please remember Steve Broomfield in our in our prayers this morning. He has his first cataract surgery tomorrow." Amen. So, let's just remember him. And also, Sister uh Kim Brunfield says she has a special request she would um like for us to pray over this morning. Amen. Amen. Good to see sister Kim Weekes this morning. Amen. Good to have you uh with us this morning. Amen. Maybe we could um ask uh brother uh Amos if he would come and lead us in prayer. Let's remember our pastor that the Lord would just move in a special way. Amen. Let's just all join our hearts together in prayer over these requests. And if you would, if you remember just one of those requests and your brother or your sister standing beside you would remember another, we'll make sure that we cover all the bases. The names already been read, but many times it's good to call those names in prayer. I can't do it all. I only remember about half of them, but if you'll remember the others, I think it'll just make us all a harmonious unit this morning in prayer. Heavenly Father God, we want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for each and every one of your blessings, Lord, that you bestowed upon our lives, oh God. Lord, sometimes we get aches and pains. We get we get uh a little thing that'll bother us here and there, but then we hear about a brother and sister that's really really sick, Lord, running fevers and all of a sudden our little aches and pains and little things that the devil tries to poke us with a needle here and there, dear God, it don't mean anything because Lord, someone else, Lord, needs our prayers, God, more than we do, Father God. We realize we're not so needy after all when we hear about the needs of others, oh God. And Lord, the battles and struggles and sicknesses, God, that many are facing, oh God, Lord, and medical expenses, God, that go along with it, Lord, it strains the budgets many times, God. And Lord, I haven't been there myself, Lord God. I know what it's like, Lord, when money start to run low and doctor bills start piling up, dear God. But Lord, you've always made a way and you will make a way, Father God, where there seems to be no way. And God, this morning, we just want to pray, dear God. Lord, for Sister Kim, Lord, her special request, Lord, for her husband having that surgery, oh God, on her eyes, on Steve's eyes, God, in the morning, Lord God, we just pray, God, you'd guide, the doctor's hands skillfully, Lord, as he's been trained to do. But dear God, there's always a chance of something going wrong. May God, even a simple surgery like that, dear God. And Lord, we pray for a steady hand. Oh God, may you bless his hand and may Steve, Father God, be may his eyesight improve. And Lord God, we pray for these other requests, oh God. Lord, it was mentioned, Lord God, of the different families, Lord, that's here in the church, oh God, that's out sick this morning, dear God. Lord, affliction flying around, bugs flying around trying to attack the children. Lord, from the youngest to the elderly, there God, Satan don't he don't have mercy on nobody. But God, we rebuke the power of the enemy this morning. We stand with our brothers and sisters, oh God, in their afflictions, God. Lord, we we all know what it's like, dear God. And we know that you took 39 stripes on your back for our healing. We pray, God, for your deliverance. We thank you, dear God, for what you're doing. For Sister Kimberly, Lord, our prayers have been with her, dear God. She's with us this morning. May you bless her in her faith, Lord, in her walk, Lord, to even defy weakness to defy whatever, Lord, it took, God, this morning. Her love and joy for you, dear God, overexceeded, Lord, her own feelings, oh God, in her flesh, God. We just pray your blessing over her and brother John. Dear God, we ask it, oh God. Lord, you bless our pastor. She comes to minister the word of God, Lord, again, those that are out sick, Lord, not with us, God, this morning. Be with them in their homes, God, today. May you give them a blessed day. We ask it, Lord, and touch them in their bodies, Lord. Many other requests, oh God, dear God, we just pray for them, Lord, that their needs might be met. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. You see, something has happened. Oh, and now and now I know Jesus touched me and he made me whole. You can be seated this morning. Oh, he touched me. Yes, he touched me. And oh the joy that floods my soul. Mom, do you have a song for us? Oh, something has happened and now I know Jesus touched me and he made me whole. Yes, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. Oh, something has happened. And now I hope Jesus touched me and made me whole. Amen. He promised us that he would be a counselor, a mighty God and a prince of peace. He promised us that he would be a father and would love us with a love that would not cease. Well, I've tried him and I found his promises are true. He's everything he said that he would be. The finest words I know cannot begin to tell just how much Jesus really means to me. For he's more wonderful than my mind can conceive. He's so wonderful. And my heart does believe he goes beyond my highest hopes and fondest dreams. He's everything that my soul's ever longed for. Everything he's promised and so much more. More than amazing, more than marvelous, more than miraculous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. Well, I stand amazed when I think the King of glory would come to live within the heart of man. And I marvel just to know that he really loves me when I think of who he is and who I am. For he's more wonderful than my mind can conceive. He's so wonderful and my heart does believe he goes beyond all my highest hopes and my fondest dreams. He's everything that my soul could ever long for. He's everything he's promised and so much more. More than amazing, more than marvelous, more than miraculous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. Oh, he's everything that my soul's ever longed for. He's everything he's promised and yet so much more. He's more than amazing, more than miraculous, more than marvelous could ever be. He's more than wonderful. More than wonderful. That's what my Jesus is. That's what Jesus is to me. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? Jesus, we're dependent on you. Amen. Are you dependent on him this morning? Amen. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh, depending on you, oh, to see us through. When they came to the waters, didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. Oh, but Lord, you moved the waters and they walked right on through. you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus, we're depending on you. depending on you, Lord, to see us through. Now, when our face dried by fire, we still know that it's true. Oh, that Satan is a liar. There isn't much that he can do. And though, and though he's tried to stop us, we know you'll bring us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. We're depending on you. Oh, depending on you, Lord, to see us through. One more time. Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Yes, Jesus. Lord, we're depending on you. Oh, Jesus. Lord, we're depending on you. Oh, depending on you, Lord, to see us through. Amen. Amen. How many's ready for the word this morning? Amen. Can you stand to your feet now? Let's sing that song. You are my refuge. You are my refuge. You are my sanu. too weary. I'll never be afraid cuz you're my hiding place and you are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Oh, you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. I'll never be afraid. Cuz you're my hiding place and you are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Now I have found a place I can call my own. Lord, it's here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. Oh, it's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. I lay my burdens down as I look upon your face and you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. I'll never be afraid cuz you're my hiding place and you are my refuge. Oh, and when the storm is raging, it's underneath your wings. Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Oh, and you are my refuge and you are my safe. Strong wind rages your wings I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Aren't you glad that you have a refuge? Amen. God is so good. Amen. Not only to save our soul but to provide something to hide us in. Amen. So glad for that. There's a song I want to sing. Uh Judy, if you have the words. Amen. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Oh, I worship you because of who you are. Can we sing that again? Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you. Because of who you are. Oh, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra my proider Jehovah ning Lord you reign in victory Jehovah Shalom. Oh my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Sing it again. Jehovah Gyra. He's my profider. Jehovah sing. Oh Lord, you reign in victory. Oh shalom, you're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Oh, I worship you because of who you are. Say it now. Oh, because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise because of who you. I'm going to lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of Aren't you glad you know who he is? Oh, I worship you because of who you are." Jehovah Gyra, you're my provider. Jehovah na Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. Oh my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Can you lift your hands unto the Lord and just love him? The prophet said it's time for King Lamb worship. This is the time for the redeemed to give him glory and worship him for who he is. is show that he's worthy. He showed just who he is and what he is. If he does nothing else for us, it ain't going to stop our praise. It ain't going to stop our worship for we worshiping him for who he is. Hallelujah. We thank you, Father, for it, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord is certainly good to us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh it's uh good to just have everyone uh in the house of the Lord, those that um been gone uh due to sickness and things. And Amen. I um glad that u uh the Lord is still our healer. Amen. And um the Lord is certainly good. The musicians can be dismissed. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to um Psalms first of all, Psalms 119. Amen. And um we're going to read u verse 116 and 117. Praise the Lord. And uh before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and talk to him who has wrote the word and can reveal it to us today. Father, as your children, we just humbly bow our hearts, our head before you, Lord. Father, you are truly worthy of all of our worship. And we realize that without you, we are nothing. We can read this book backward and forward and understand it with an intellectual conception and yet not understand your will and your mind. Father, if you just reveal it to us, then we the mind of Christ. And I pray, Father, that you would do so today. Father, any spirit that would try to hinder, disturb the people of God from receiving the word of God, I pray, Lord, that you would just uh uh defeat that enemy this morning. May we have the liberty to speak. May your anointing be upon me and upon the people and help me just to get myself out of the way. Father, we ask these things, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." And amen. So, uh Psalms um uh 119 116. uh we'll read uh there but it says uphold me according unto thy word that I may live and let me not be ashamed of my hope. Hold thou me up and I shall be safe and I will have respect under thy statutes continually. Amen. Then if you'll go to 143, chapter 143 of the same book, and I want to read verse 9. Deliver me, O Lord, from mine enemies. I flee unto thee to hide me. Teach me to do thy will, for thou art my God. Thy spirit is good. Lead me into the land of uprightness. Quicken me, O Lord, for thy name's sake, for thy righteousness's sake, and bring my soul out of trouble. Amen. You can uh be seated this morning. And um want to maybe just look at um the believer has protection. And how many believe you got protection? &gt;&gt; I am really glad to have protection in this age. Sure. &gt;&gt; And and so uh needing to be protected is I guess the a main part of our lives uh just in the natural sense ever since the fall of man. Uh man has needed to be protected &gt;&gt; and we have come up with ways to protect oursel uh uh there and and we have clothes uh that protect us from the weather. We have certain things that protect our skin from the sun. We have weapons that protect us from danger uh harm and things like that. We have a house that protects us from the rain, the snow, the cold, the heat. You know, it uh we we we have uh uh protection. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; In Oklahoma, you know, we have what they call storm shelters. It's it's something that uh protects us, you know, when when tornadoes uh come. Uh but there there's all kinds of protection &gt;&gt; that we have come and come up with and and having protection can be a matter of life and death. um uh you know uh uh every once in a while you'll read of people going you know hiking out in Arizona and um you know and and then they're they're lost or they found dead and and and many times it's because they froze or uh they they didn't bring the adequate protection that they needed to hide themselves and and protect themselves from danger and things like that. So if if we didn't have protection, could you imagine if we didn't have that and yet danger was around, then we would fear, we would worry, we would panic, um uh it it would put us in a state of um uh of just fright and and things like that. So protection gives us uh a confidence um you know it gives us confidence boldness &gt;&gt; because we feel that we are safe from danger. We feel we're safe from harm and and uh uh so we're glad for that. Man is always looking for uh a place of safety uh protection. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and so man uh you know the prophet tells us ever since man fell uh man has sought his own way uh to do things and how to live and and and depended upon himself to save himself and things like that and but then we we read there in Proverbs uh 3 and5 and it says trust in the Lord with all thine heart, and lean not unto thine own understanding, and in all thy ways. Everybody say, all thy ways. Acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes. Fear the Lord and depart from evil. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; So then we find that God wants us to trust him in every aspect of our life. and um you know uh uh for everything that we have need of he wants us to trust him to provide for us or to deliver us to uh provide and and help in the time of need. Uh in the Bible God expresses his desire uh to protect us and he would say I uh I am I am thy shield. I am thy buckler. Right? Uh he proclaims to be uh a hiding place. He uh the Bible says he is our fortress. Um he is a refuge. And and and so in in different words um God is letting us know that he is a a a protector. Amen. And and if there's any a time that we need to know God as a protector, it's it's in this age. Proverbs 18:10, it says, "The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous, that believer, the righteous run into it, and is safe." Amen. &gt;&gt; Isaiah 32:2, "And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest, and as the rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. A man shall be, of course, we know it's speaking of Christ." &gt;&gt; Psalms 46:1, God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in time of refuge or in time of trouble. another place a refuge in times of trouble. So we we look at protection and the word means a a shield, a cover from exposure, damage, harm, injury or destruction, a uh uh protection to guard or to defend. And so we we know God to be a our protection in many ways. Um you know it could be in the natural sense uh uh that God uh uh we see God as a refuge. Um uh you know uh brother Bram talks about that woman coming from a prayer prayer meeting and and late at night and uh usually people were out walking around but um uh this time it was really cold and everybody was in the house and and just before she left she felt danger. She just felt in her heart danger. Brother Brham said that was God warning her of of danger lurking out there. And there's a lot of times that God warns us of these things and and and it would be good to to to take heed of this and and sometime we think well that's just my feeling or maybe like that but it could be God a man sending out a warning and so anyway uh she went ahead and started walking and no one out there and and um uh she noticed this hideous man walking to her and uh and and she could just sense the evil uh around this man and she had nowhere to go, no place to run. The winds were a howling and so no one would hear her scream or anything like that. And and uh uh uh she began to sing the song, "No, never alone. No, never alone." And and uh uh but as this man was coming, it said out of the clear blue, a dog uh from the uh some uh house porch uh come running and and stood right by her and started growling at that hideous man. And that man left. And when he left, that dog just went right back on the porch and laid down. And and the prophet said, "See, that was God being a protector." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God always takes care of his own. Ain't that right? Sometimes he works through even a dog or an animal or some other way to show his glory and his protection. We could all, I believe, have a a uh testimony, I'm sure, could tell of God's protection uh uh on our life. Um to keep us from harm and and you know, I've told the story of of how that when uh I was just real young and uh but bit old enough to remember it. Uh but we were coming from Oklahoma to Arkansas and dad had stayed home. mom was taking her mother, my grandmother, which was an invalid uh uh totally crippled up with arthritis and taking her home to Arkansas and and somehow it was raining and the car had either pulled out or stopped or something and mom slammed on the brakes and we went uh around and started spinning and we went down a a deep embankment and and uh um uh the back wheels ended up in the river and and but it was around that time that later on, you know, we find out that dad was there and he was asleep and the Lord woke him up and said, "Pray for your family or you'll never see them again." &gt;&gt; And it was such an urgency that dad just said he just just fell out of bed and just started praying uh for for us. And and and see, God is a protector. It's it's protection. And and I thank God for his protection. Amen. You see, God doesn't want us to be anxious. He doesn't want us to worry. He doesn't want us to be fearful and and about anything uh for uh he's promised to take care of us. Now Hebrews 13:5 it says, "Let your conversation be without covetness and be content with such things as you have. For he hath said, I will never leave thee." Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Nor forsake thee, so that we may boldly say, "The Lord is my helper." Amen. That we can boldly say, I mean, he's letting us know that he'll never leave us nor forsake us. that we can boldly say, "The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me." Amen. We can say it whether we're on the mountain top and everything is going good, or we CAN STILL SAY IT BOLDLY when we're facing our our challenges in life. Amen. The Lord is my helper. Last Sunday, I believe we talked about our enemy and and uh that we're dealing with. And you know, your enemy is not uh is not a person uh maybe that is spiteful towards you or uh uh hateful or uh uh whatever that that's not the enemy. and and uh you know uh I I know it's hard to believe that especially when you're dealing with people that's got rude uh manners and and uh uh they're hateful and they're arrogant and attitudes and and all of these things and you know uh I see people in the world and even with within Christendom and I I I really am amazed of how they act and and and how what they do you know it's uh It's an amazing thing. But but they aren't the enemy. They they aren't the enemy. Uh uh people, you know, we're we're looking in an evil age and people are becoming more evil and and uh uh becoming more ungodly as time goes. And you know, and then this is a prophetic uh thing. In Luke 12:53, Jesus foretold of this day, saying, "The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father, the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother, the mother-in-law against her daughter-in-law, and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law, and and all of these things." In other words, Jesus is basically saying, "People will not have any love for one another." Amen. And and so therefore, this is what causes arguments to arise even more quicker than it was back back in the days. Uh this is what causes more bitterness and uh dis assimulations and and things like that. Look at the divorce rate today. It's far greater today than it was in any other age. Amen. And and the prophet said, "See, today, you know, the love is so hard to find." Well, the Bible said there come a time when there wouldn't even be love for one another. The father would be against the mother and mother against father and children against parents and so forth. And the only love would be left would just be between the elect. And that's about right. Love is a scarce thing today. See, and and and so uh uh but but then Jesus would tell us, "By this shall all men know that you are my disciples is that you have love one for another." A ain't that right? So then there there is a a quality among the children of God and that's divine love. Amen. Love conquers. How many believes that love conquers? Uh uh uh I I know the the the world today is uh you know their idea is blow people up, blow nations up, you know uh uh hang them, shoot them, uh uh put them in prison and and do away with them and and it's just a constant. You read it in the news. It's it's a hate. It's a it's a spiteful thing. even to the point that if someone disagrees uh uh with people, they assassinate him. I think of this uh uh Kirk u uh whatever his name was uh that got assassinated a few months ago and the man didn't do squat. He did not do nothing. He didn't lift a a finger to hurt no one. He just he just voiced his opinions. Uh uh and and the people that that that he was talking about their beliefs, Amen. didn't agree with him. They hated him enough to kill him. It was just an assassination. See, and and so but but it's happening. But but love conquers. And I'm so glad that we had a prophet, a man, NOT ONLY TO TELL US these things, but to show us how how how love does. It conquered the bull that time that was going to kill brother Brandham. Brother Bradom says, "Instead of hating that bull, it seems strange, but I loved him." Amen. Loving an animal. A ain't that right? Ain't that amazing? It's going to kill him. Amen. Now, uh uh he says, "I just wished I could explain it." But it we find also that it was love that subdued that demon uh that was upon that man in Portland, Oregon that was going to kill brother Brandham. It it was love. And he says, "I didn't hate the man. I loved him. I felt sorry for him. That man was bound." Can you say amen? See, so a prophet wasn't looking at the man. He was looking at a demon that was upon that man that was causing that man to do those things. See, but it also love conquered that that that spirit of blindness that was upon that Hispanic man. Amen. when when he come in, you know, uh to the prayer line, I believe, and the man didn't have no shoes, didn't have a coat, and and just oh, poor uh uh uh man, but he was blind. And brother Brandham thought, man, if if I had shoes, I'd give it to him. He said it reminded me of my dad, you know, this man did. And he said, if I had my shoes, if they would have fit, I I would have somehow slipped them off so the audience wouldn't see it and I would have given it to him. And I would have given him my colt. He said, I couldn't do nothing. And he SAID, "I JUST BEGAN TO HUG him and weep and and and the man began to say, I can see. I can see what was it?" It was divine love. Amen. That conquered that spirit. Now, Brother Brandham says, "Let me tell you something, brother. You'll never come in contact with a greater force in this life than love." Yes, sir. He says, "I do not try to conquer demons by kicking them. I just love God." Love is what God is. God is love. Love moves God. God so loved the world. See? Amen. See, it's love. Love is what conquers. Ain't that right? See, but we find that that that love it. We're dealing with a a a greater enemy. Amen. Than just the natural. Amen. Uh u uh and and and we find that Satan anoints people and he even anoints animals. Amen. At times to cause havoc, you know, that's what he done in the garden of of Eden. He got on on that serpent. Amen. And and caused havoc. AND THE PROPHET SAYS THAT IF the devil can't get you one way, he will try another. Amen. So you just remember that if he can't get you one way, he's going to go the back door and try another way. If he can't get you that way, he's going to come another way. He's constantly coming at us to try to get us. Can you say amen? Now, we see that evil people and and and brother Brandham called them evil people. Uh uh and and the reason why is they're given over to demons. That that's that's it. And and but they're multiplying daily. Evil acts are being committed on a daily basis. You know, when I was a kid, you never heard of murder hardly. I mean, every once in a while you did uh every once in a while you heard of a kidnapping here and there and it was such a tragedy. I I I remember you know that Susan Smith maybe some of you remember. Amen. Where she said that her children a kidnapper had come and got her children and man it it moved the nation and and people from all over was searching for them two children. Found out she pushed her car in the lake and drowned them boys. Amen. And I I I remember what it done to me, but I remember what it how it done how the world it impacted this nation that some mother would do that. But you hardly ever heard them things. But now you're hearing it constantly. It It's constantly evil is multiplying, evil acts being committed. It's got to where children of all ages, now when I say of all ages, a six-year-old shooting their teacher, uh, uh, bringing a gun to school, but but children of all ages are committing heinous crimes and and things like that. But, BUT I I'D SAY THIS, they aren't the real enemy, right? They aren't the real enemy. We can look at these these these uh uh uh murderers and perverts and and all this and we could say, "Man, that guy ought to die. That guy ought to." Now, I understand a person's got to pay for their sins, but but you know, even brother Brandham said, "No man deserves to die." Now, you think of that no man deserves to die. Amen. And what he is talking about is that man's got a soul. Amen. that if if THAT SOUL COULD EVER BE CHANGED, that man wouldn't do what he's doing. That man would change. Can you say amen? But see, the the people is not the real enemy. Amen. Uh um uh that's why Jesus said, "Bless those that persecute you because they're not the real enemy." It's it it's a total different battlefield. It's a totally uh different uh thing, amen, that we're facing. See, BUT BUT WE FIND THAT PEOPLE HAVE COME under the influence of a demonic spirit and it causes them to act that way. You know, the prophet said demons are powerless unless they are embodied. Amen. Another place he says demons have must have a place, a body or they're helpless. Can you say amen? Amen. See, they must have a place, a body, or they're helpless. And and and we see that in the case in with the story of the man of Geria. Here he was uh uh possessed of of many many many many demons. Amen. And and um uh they were destroying this man's life where he had cut himself and he was found naked out in the tombs. And and and and you know I that's something that brother Brandham really told us is that these spirits spirits always take you they dwell among the tombs. Amen. They dwell among the dead and and that's why uh uh uh the denomination has become a habitation of devils. Amen. Brother Ramon says they're they're tombs. Amen. They're they're just dead tombs. Can you say amen? And the moment you become dead in your life, Amen. Uh uh that's where devils hang out. Amen. See, and and so uh but BUT WE FIND THAT these demons uh uh when Jesus came, they said, "Why why have you come to torment us before our time?" In other WORDS, WE HAVEN'T DESTROYED this man all the way yet. Amen. We ain't finished with this man yet. Amen. But but but we find that Jesus told him, you know, uh uh well, they knew they were going to go, you know, and they begged Jesus. Brother Brown said they begged Jesus, amen, to let them go in that swine, heard a swine, amen, that was in the field. Amen. And and uh because that Jesus wouldn't permit them in a human body. Amen. And and so you we know what they did. Jesus says, "Go." And they went into them swine and and they what did they do? They caused them swine. Drove them swine off of the cliff. Amen. Now he would have done it to that person. They would have done it to that man. But Jesus wouldn't let him do it to that man. He done it to them swine. Amen. You find people jumping off of buildings and and jumping off this and jumping off that, ending their life. It's them spirits. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Yes sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now listen. He says, "Now remember friends, when evil spirits are leaving these people, now he's talking about in the church." Now when these spirits are leaving these people, they're loose in the building. Amen. If you come up in a few days showing some kind of a sickness, remember it's not my fault. Now, now you know the way of brother Brandham, he always told everybody to be reverent. And he told everybody to keep their eyes closed. Keep your head bowed. Keep your eyes closed because we're dealing with spirits. Ain't that right? Amen. Now, there were people out there that thought, "Oh, that's just old man fuddy duddy. He ain't knowing what I'm doing." And so now he's telling them now and he's trying to warn them. Now, you you remember friends, I'm not responsible. But when this spirit goes out of this individual, it's loose in this building. Amen. And so if you show up sick and and and he's saying, "I ain't my fault. I told you what to do." A ain't that right. Amen. See, and so God's always a protector. Ain't that right? Amen. See, it protects the believer. So he says, "See, for you're for he" He said, "Remember, it's not my fault for you are supposed to do as I tell you here. Every spirit in the building is subject right now. Now, can you imagine a man standing there so anointed that it did not matter what spirit was in that building, every spirit was subject to his words. &gt;&gt; Every spirit, he says, is subject right now. And demons, as soon as they come out, they'll find some place to go. Amen. Why? because they have to have a body in order to work. So spirits just doesn't just go randomly and just hang out. They've got to find somebody. They're looking for somebody they can enter and use for their purpose. Amen. So he says, "So be reverent." Now, if I didn't know what I was speaking of, you'd take my word. See those feelings, I feel them as they're still pressing, moving in the building like that. And all at once they're closed. They're gone. See? See? And so uh uh I don't know where they went. So he's talking about these demons. He says, "I feel them and and and these things, but all of a sudden they're gone. I don't know where they went." See, and if you're an unbeliever and and are disobedient, you're very much receptical to them. &gt;&gt; Amen. You become receptible uh uh uh uh receptacle to demon powers. Can you say amen? Amen. So now, so then we find that when the that power is cast out, then that demon will go somewhere. If if he can if he can get somewhere, he'll he he'll go. So we're dealing with a real enemy, and that's Satan and his demonic spirit. Brother Brandon talks about two ushers that were standing, one on one side, one on the other, I believe. And and and uh they were right there with him, when he cast out an epileptic spirit. Amen. And uh he said when he cast that spirit out, he said immediately these deacons fell out. They fell down. One fell backwards, one fell forward. Amen. See what happened? That spirit got them. Got on them. And he says, and it wasn't but just a little couple days later, they found a a nice businesswoman. Uh apparently she was in that building or something to that effect. But uh uh they found her uh a businesswoman of that city out in front of a hotel froing like a mad mad dog. Amen. In front of a hotel. Amen. See, and he says, "What was it?" The power of hell was liberated and the demons will go from one to another. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? Listen another place. Listen. Remember this is casting out Satan. Amen. Casting out Satan. Ain't that what the church is to do? Cast Satan out. Cast him out. With my Bible over my heart, friends, it's casting out powers that's bound those people. And whenever that power is cast out, that demon will go somewhere if he can get somewhere. Ain't that right? Now, to think of that, if if the demonic powers are real, Amen. It is in this age that 200,000 demons have been have have been loosed from the uh uh uh the river Euphrates. As as the prophet talks about I I believe in the feast of the trumpets, these demons are destructive. Are do you believe that? &gt;&gt; They are. &gt;&gt; Well, where are they at? In people. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; They anoint people. Amen. What caused Hitler and Mussolini and Stalin to do what they did to the Jews? It was them spirits &gt;&gt; that were loosed. Amen. And and brother Rams tells us, amen, that these these spirits and their characteristics were were were displayed through these these dictators and and look what they done uh uh to the Jews. It was horrendous. KILLED WHAT? 6 AND A half million Jews. Amen. But it was it was not those men. It was demon powers that had caused these men to do that. But now these demonic spirits are loosed in the in ecclesiastical realm. That's what the prophet said. They're loosed in the ecclesiastical. Ecclesiastical refers to religion according to Webster relating to a church especially as an established institution. And then he's got the word paple. Amen. And and so we we see this is what's bringing on the world council of churches. This is what's bringing on. Amen. The great tribulation is demon powers have been set loose not only in the political world. Amen. And and dictators and such, but they're they're turned loose in the ecclesiastical realm. Can you say amen? Now, first Peter 5:8, it says be sober. He's talking to the believer. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; He's the one that seeks to kill, steal, and destroy. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's his purpose. He if if if you have any joy of God, he's out to destroy that. If if you have any ounce of love of God, I'm not talking the human love. I'm talking about love of God. He's out to attack that, to destroy that. He He wants to destroy your faith. He wants to destroy your confession. Amen. He wants to take every and strip you of everything to where you're nothing. You understand? Amen. To where you don't depict a Christian. You don't reflect Christianity. You don't reflect nothing but the world. Amen. See, well, that's what he wants to do. Amen. Now, Satan's kingdom is the kingdom of darkness. Amen. And his power is the power of darkness. That's that's that's what it is. His influence is the influence of darkness. Brother Brandham described a demon that he was seeing and he described it as a dark, hideous thing. Now, Brother Brham saw these spirits &gt;&gt; and and and so that's how he described, you know, one at times he would describe a demon to be a a dark spirit of unbelief. After praying for a woman that had cancer, he told her that the cancer had left her for he saw a dark spirit rise from her. And that's how he knew that that cancer had left because that dark spirit had had risen from her had let go. Amen. He described a deaf spirit as as a cold dark shadow. Amen. It it's it's spirits of darkness. That's that's what it is. Uh uh I think he was praying for that uh one girl that had backslid and ended up in the bar. Uh Netty or something to that effect. But she come, brother Brandon said, "Oh, I messed up." And da da da. And so, Brother Brandon prayed for her and as he was praying, he said something dark like a bat uh wing come rose out of her and went to the couch and and you remember that and that drunk, you know, uh he was sitting over there and he it scared him so bad he took off, you know, and and you know, they brother Brandon said he was just young and they they got the the the kind of got the cushions off the couch trying to find what where it went, But see, it was something dark. It was just uh uh but he saw these things and and and you know, if if I can say it without um uh uh but but no doubt that that some of these people had the Holy Ghost that brother Brandham's talking about, you know, uh uh dealing, you know, that was causing their body to function abnormal. uh you know, brother Brandham stops a person a prayer line to take, you know, to talk to a woman in the audience who was dealing with the kidney trouble and he tells her her kidney trouble had left her. Notice then immediately he says, you know, this this kidney trouble left you. And immediately he starts talking to another woman and he's saying, huh, strange kidney trouble, too. He said, "See that devil tried to get between them two women there just then. One warned the other one." See, now he's dealing in the spirit world. One spirit's deal warning this other one. See? And he says, "Just as soon as I mentioned you, it went right to that woman there, come back and forth, and I seen that dark streak leading over and I seen what her trouble was. come right back and you got the same thing. Frankly, you haven't got but one but just a half of a kidney. Your left one's gone. Your right one is only half. Do you want to go back south from here and go? Well, you do. He's all right, Miss Dobs. You can go back home and be healed then if you'll believe with all your heart. See, but what was it? It was spirits that was in these women. It wasn't that they were sinners or whatever. It was a spirit tacking in the physical realm. Uh, ain't that right? Brother Bram said, "If there's any sickness, maybe you got something I don't know. Maybe you got cancer. Maybe you got some kind of female trouble. I don't know what it is, but whatever it is, that's a disease, which is the devil of darkness. It's of darkness. It's not of light. Sickness, everybody say sickness is of darkness." Amen. Sickness is of darkness to kill you. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Many time he would pray for a deaf man. He say or a deaf person. He say, "Oh Lord, you know this this spirit of deafness is upon this man to cause him to step out in front of a vehicle and kill him premature." Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, so even uh just Satan would or or the prophet discerned the purpose of these things. &gt;&gt; Amen. This this dark spirit, he puts cancer on a person to kill them. He puts, YOU KNOW, HEART TROUBLE, HEART DISEASE. He uh to kill, he he causes kidneys to malfunction, to kill. He causes congestive heart failure. He causes strokes. He causes Parkinson's and and all that. But it's intent. It's it's destructive. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But we find that the word of God. Amen. God says, "I am the God that healeth all thy diseases." &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; I'm the GOD THAT HEALETH ALL. SO, so whatever the attack is in your in your body, there is a protection. &gt;&gt; GOD IS OUR PROTECTION. YES. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But but it's a it's a darkness. What what causes people to become critics of the message? It's it's a spirit of darkness. &gt;&gt; Brother Brand said to a man in the prayer line and says, "If you had been a critic or something, it would have been a dark shadow moving in there." Now, think of that. Amen. Because he could see. He could see in the spirit realm. He's telling them if if if you if you were a critic, I'd see darkness moving around you. But he said you're a believer and there's light there. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? So So I hope you understand that that the spirit's influence and they're that you know they they're just around there. Sinners uh are shadowed by darkness. &gt;&gt; Brother Brand many times would tell a man or woman uh you're not a Christian. And he says, "I see darkness around you." &gt;&gt; You know why? Because the spirit of darkness is is an influencing the individuals when uh you know uh uh so you know, brother Brown said, "A man can wait in sin until his soul becomes as black as the smuty wolves of hell." Amen. But if if that man will accept Jesus Christ as a savior, he then finds protection. &gt;&gt; Yes. from that dark spirit. &gt;&gt; FOR THE BIBLE SAYS THAT HE HAS WASHED US, loosed us by his own blood. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that protection? &gt;&gt; Then that man will become a new creature, and old things passed away, and behold, all things become new. Ain't that right? Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brown said, "No longer is he uh of the dark, but he's of the day." &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. See, &gt;&gt; so he says, "Now the children of the world, notice the children of the world walk in darkness. They walk at nighttime. They love darkness." Can you say amen? Amen. &gt;&gt; John uh 3:19 says, "And this is the condemnation that light is come into the world and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil." So, Satan's kingdom is of darkness. He works in darkness and he's of the darkness. And uh uh he talks about the the the deeds that were evil and and and Jesus says their their evil deeds are unfruitful works of darkness. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; And and so they love darkness rather than light. You know, I I realize that Jesus is referring to the spiritual darkness and how they love that type of a darkness, but did you know that that it's also carried out in the natural uh the natural uh uh world, natural realm? &gt;&gt; And it seems that evil acts are committed most at nighttime. Have you ever just had your sickness and it seems like you get it get more bothered by that at nighttime? Uh you could have a sore throat or whatever. Maybe not as bad in the daytime, but as night begins to progress, maybe fever starts getting higher and and the throat starts hurting and uh more and and these things. Uh but but you know, evil acts, they they're committed more at nighttime. There's some places in the city that you don't want to be caught in at at nighttime. &gt;&gt; Uh it it it's because evil people seem to be boulder at nighttime. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; And so why is that? Well, Brother Brandham said evil always prowls at night. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, they they take uh people who take on the the nature of evil become night prowlers. They they they they seem to like the the darkness and the night. You know, a movie star one time said that night was made to live in. But that's not true. My night was made to sleep in. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and you know, brother Brandham or or the Bible says that God separated light from darkness. And when he done that, there there's different natures uh of animals, insects or whatever that roam at night. &gt;&gt; They don't like light time. &gt;&gt; And and and and and then there's those that uh uh nature that loves light and and and they run around in the in in in the daytime. things that crawl around at night, lizards, snakes, spiders, scorpions, uh uh you know, roaches, evil things, uh creepy things, uh things like that. Brother Brown said, "See, they're of the kingdom of darkness. They won't associate in the daytime with the mocking bird and different things because they are of darkness. Their works are darkness. They're evil things. Their life in them is evil. If they bite you, it will kill you. If you couldn't have some aid right away. See, they have fellowship in darkness. He said, "That's the reason that people uh uh today, most of them sleep half the day and run around at night. It's darkness. That's when evil is done is in darkness." Ain't that right? So, evil starts when the sun goes down. Amen. And and the prophet said, "Death begins when the sun goes down." So the prophet said, he says, "Those who prowl at night is evil." Most taverns, as we know, most taverns, bars, and honky tongs and and all that, that's they open up at night. It that becomes a a haven, a place to hang out at is is is at night. See? And and that's where evil acts are committed a lot of times. So, brother Brandon says, "Night is very evil because it's darkness." &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Psalm 74:20 uh and 20 says, "The dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty." It's darkness. He says, "Night was made to rest. The sun goes down. You lay down, take your rest, not prowl all night and come in at daylight. You're you're not supposed to do that. Evil things prowl at night. Evil works at night. All serpents, lizards, bugs, everything travel at nighttime. The demon powers prowl at nighttime. See it, you know, it was the prophet said it was, you know, we read about uh when the boat of the disciples about sunk the ship, you know, the waves were coming in and all that, you know, the prophet said that happened at the night time. Amen. The devil, he couldn't do anything in the day. Jesus was was casting them out left and right. See, and he he was helpless. He couldn't do nothing. But it was at nighttime when the the disciples got away from Jesus and and uh uh he says Satan got up. Amen. And and uh uh uh he says Satan must have come out at night time when darkness be to set in. He come out of his tormenting pit pits looked over the hill and he saw the disciples without Jesus. As soon uh he says Satan looked over as SOON AS IT GOT DARK and he said, "Well, I guess it's about time for me to start prowling all the nightclubs, honky tons, and everything." He said, "I wonder where them disciples uh where they are and Jesus." And so they looked and as him and all of his demons looked there, they was out on the sea without him. And Satan says, "Now's our chance. They've gone off. Now we can get even with them." Right? Amen. See, and so it it it it's that way. Brother Brandham talks about how demons would haunt him at at at nighttime. Amen. During the night, he'd cast out demons that uh uh from the people and so they would come back to his room wherever he was AND BEGIN TO HAUNT HIM. He he would deal with with spirits that he had cast out uh during that meeting that night. See, it didn't bother him as much as in the day. Uh uh I'm sure I'm sure he they they bothered him in the day, but not as much as the night time. &gt;&gt; I find it interesting and I hope this is all right and hope it'll help you. But I find it interesting that the Bible would tell us when Job offered sacrifices, what time of day that Job would offer sacrifices for his children. &gt;&gt; Amen. Job 15. And it was so when the days of their feasting were gone about that Job sent and sanctified them and rose up early in the morning. &gt;&gt; Now think of that. He rose up early in the morning and offered burnt sacrifices or offerings according to the number of them all. For Job said, "It may be that my sons have sinned and cursed God in their heart." Thus did Job continually. &gt;&gt; If you read Psalms 53, it says, "My voice shalt thou hear in the &gt;&gt; morning." Y'all's not reading them, are you? I don't know what's happened. But my voice shalt thou hear in the morning, oh Lord, in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look up. Psalm 63:1, "Oh God, thou art my God, early," everybody say, &gt;&gt; early &gt;&gt; will I seek thee. Yes. &gt;&gt; Now, see, there's something about in the mornings when all the demons have gone to bed. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Brham said that's that's there's a change in the mornings. &gt;&gt; He said because it's the demons, they've gone to bed, the morning is quiet, you can you can there there's a different atmosphere. He would tell us the dew is on the ground. It just seems a freshness. He said, "You can walk out early of the morning in that stillness and quietness of the morning. The dew has brought the fragrance of the flowers. It's refreshing to come out into such an atmosphere." &gt;&gt; He said, "I think a minister ought to come to the platform not loaded down with a lot of care, but out of freshness of the presence of the Lord. Get out early of a morning after all the demons have gone to bed and the night rallies about over. Then it settles down and gets quiet and smell that aroma, the sweetness. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; See, so so now if if demons, demonic spirits roam about in natural darkness, then then what about in spiritual darkness? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; See, and so this is why the scripture is so important to know our day and why a prophet would really deal with that. And that's in Isaiah 60 and2 where it says darkness. It talks about darkness covering the earth and gross darkness the people. &gt;&gt; Darkness covering the earth and gross darkness the people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It seems like Satan in this age is having more heyday, more liberty. &gt;&gt; More free at self-will to do what he wants. &gt;&gt; YEAH. BUT IT TELLS US WE'RE LIVING IN A DARK HOUR. &gt;&gt; It it it's darkness that's covered the earth. Gross darkness. The people. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT THE PEOPLE. &gt;&gt; GO LISTEN TO TO SHALOM. BROTHER RAB said they're NICE PEOPLE. &gt;&gt; WHAT MAKES them color their hair different? &gt;&gt; Blue, pink, purple. What makes them do that? Spirits. It's a darkness. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; WHAT WHAT WHAT'S MAKING THIS THIS HATE IT IN AMONGST THE PEOPLE? IT'S A SPIRIT OF DARKNESS. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Why are they using words uh curse words so much? They're just more free. Used to you you couldn't find. It was just wrong to do curse words. I if if you went and heard curse words, a lot of times you'd have to do it on a job construction site, no tough men sellers and you know going to carnivals and you you know that's where I learned my first cuss word. We went to a carnival and I went home. We got in the car and I said, "Well, blank you. My dad about died. He we about wrecked, man. He about whooped that devil off of me." I'm like, "Dad, I" He go, "Where did you get that?" I said, "That guy over there that was running the machine." I heard him say that. Don't you ever say that again. You know, uh but but you just never Now our president says it a lot of times. &gt;&gt; It it's just common. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Adulteries are just so common. Homosexuals coming out of the woodwork, man. &gt;&gt; Right. Churches are allowing it now. Ministers, so-called ministers behind the pulpit, homosexuals, transgenders, and and all that. What is it? Darkness. &gt;&gt; Satan is roaming in the darkness. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And so we see this happening before us. Gross darkness uh uh uh the over the people, covering the people. Amen. The prophet said, "The lid of hell has been lifted off and demons are pouring in from everywhere." &gt;&gt; EPHESIANS 6:12, it it it says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of THIS WORLD, AGAINST SPIRITUAL WICKEDNESS IN HIGH PLACES." &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Brham said, "Satan is always near to try to get something fumbled up in your mind." &gt;&gt; Right. Right? &gt;&gt; Serve the Lord. You can even be serving the Lord and and sincere, but he's always near to get something fumbled up in your mind. &gt;&gt; He does. &gt;&gt; Another place says WHEN GOD'S DOING SOMETHING, Satan is always present to block it or to tear it down or do what he can to interrupt it. See, and he works in subtle ways. &gt;&gt; You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. The prophet of God shows a comparison between a wolf and Satan. A wolf will he will look at a herd and he'll find one that will stray from the herd. And and that's the one and a wolf always goes in the pack. &gt;&gt; They know how to hunt. They're very subtle when they do it. And the prophet begins to talk about it that they they've they've got this deer drawn away from the from the the rest of the the the herd and then they start circling in and and that deer may try to run and and he says that wolf has got his fangs and he will if he can he will reach up there and he'll grab that neck and hang on. And while he's hanging he's cutting that throat. He's cutting that throat. Each time he's he's swinging, that throat IS BEING CUT UNTIL FINALLY that deer falls and before he knows it, that whole pack of dogs, wolves have have gotten on him. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Now, notice, Brother Brandon types this out to people who who uh uh STRAY FROM THE HOUSE OF GOD. &gt;&gt; YEAH. HE SAID the believers are the protection. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Believers are protection. The church is the protection amongst the people of God. Amen. So he said if Satan can get you away from church where you where you get the Holy Spirit through the preaching of the word, ain't that right? Amen. &gt;&gt; We're washed by the water of the word. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; He says, "Then if you get away, start staying home from church." Now, I want you young people to listen to this. I want you parents to listen to this, too. &gt;&gt; You praying for God to help your children and then you keeping them from church. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; What are you doing? Cutting yourself and putting band-aids on at the same time? &gt;&gt; I guess. Yeah, it's good. &gt;&gt; Then you get away. You start staying home from church, watching television on Wednesday night when you got prayer meeting going on. Then you're right on your road out. &gt;&gt; Now, this is a prophet. &gt;&gt; This is the same one THAT TELLS US ABOUT DEMON POWERS AND HOW THEY WORK AND ALL OF THAT. &gt;&gt; And he's saying, "You're on your road out." When your desire becomes more to see some television program than it does to hear the gospel, there's something wrong in your soul. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; So, he talks about the wolves and and how that that they work. And he said, "Now, SEE, THAT'S THE WAY SATAN does it. If he can ever get close enough to you to once wrap you in there, the hounds of hell will jump right jump right on and pick everything there is about you off. All your morals, all your decency, &gt;&gt; all your convictions, your love, &gt;&gt; YOUR JOY. HE GONNA STRIP EVERYTHING you've got and you'll lay bleached and defiled. This is his words. You'll lay bleached and defiled before God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; See, it's it's not good enough to say, "Well, last year, you know, the Lord really moved for me and I wept. I cried. What is he doing today? &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; OH, I I WAS SO EXCITED. WHERE'S THAT EXCITEMENT AT TODAY? &gt;&gt; SEE, WHAT IS IT? IT'S IT'S THE HOUNDS OF HELL. It's more dangerous than wolves. &gt;&gt; This is the hounds of hell. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Now, at the time of Passover, God showed that the blood of an innocent lamb would be used to protect his his people from the death angel. Remember, God says, "When I see the blood, I'll pass over you." See, they needed a protection. &gt;&gt; God's wrath was getting ready to be poured out. And they needed that protection. AND GOD SAYS, "I'LL GIVE YOU a protection. That'll be blood." &gt;&gt; That's right. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; AND SO THE PEOPLE HAD TO APPLY THE BLOOD on the lentil of the door, the door post. Amen. AND THEY HAD TO STAY under that blood. &gt;&gt; Right &gt;&gt; now, BROTHER BRANDHAM SAYS, "IF YOU DON'T STAY UNDER THE BLOOD, THE KINGDOMS OF SATAN WILL OVERTAKE YOU and carry you away if you don't stay under the blood." &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; I I'm I'm I'm convinced that people aren't staying under the blood. &gt;&gt; That's right. Sure. &gt;&gt; This world's not staying under the blood. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, we keep under the blood through the preaching of the word. &gt;&gt; And the world didn't want the the word. They they didn't want the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; THEY DIDN'T WANT THAT WORD TO BE RESTORED UNTO THEM. &gt;&gt; But it's through the PREACHING OF THE GOSPEL THAT WE STAY UNDER THAT BLOOD. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said, "The preaching of the word brings down the blood veil." What is it? It's the bloody bleeding word that washes us. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Now, God required a token for them and THAT WAS BLOOD. WELL, WHY WOULD GOD DO THAT? GO. I was listening to the token this morning. Brother Brand says it's because the token will keep you alive. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? THE TOKEN IS OUR PROTECTION. IT KEEPS US ALIVE. IS TO PROTECT HIS PEOPLE FROM his wrath. &gt;&gt; You see, God's wrath and judgment is a horrible thing. You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, and and so I I'm I'm going to to move on. But but we do find that they had to stay under the blood and those that were outside of the blood, they perished. And then the blood had to be publicly, everybody say publicly, displayed, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; IT HAD TO BE PUBLICLY DISPLAYED for all to see it. &gt;&gt; Now, the blood in Hebrews 9:22, Paul said, "Without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of sins." &gt;&gt; Come on. IF THERE IS NO REMISSION OF SINS, THEN SATAN HAS A LEGAL RIGHT over us. &gt;&gt; I hope you understand. I'm going to try I'm going to close here in a minute. &gt;&gt; If there is no remission of sins, then Satan has a right &gt;&gt; That's right. to tell us what to do, to dictate us, to be able to put anything upon us, &gt;&gt; make us do anything he wants, &gt;&gt; can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; AND IF OUR SINS AREN'T UNDER THE BLOOD, we stand as sinners IN GOD'S SIGHT. &gt;&gt; THAT'S RIGHT. &gt;&gt; THEN GOD'S wrath is upon us. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now we find the prophet said, "Satan cannot stand before the blood." Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; That is true. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now Isaiah 1:18, "Come now, let us reason together, sayeth the Lord. Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow. Though they be red like crimson, they shall be white as wool." Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; The only way that can happen is the blood makes it possible. Brother Bram said, "God looking through the blood, he doesn't see you no more as a sinner. He sees you redeemed." &gt;&gt; You're redeemed BECAUSE HE ALWAYS SEES YOU THROUGH CHRIST. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THAT'S THE REASON WE CAN BE PERFECT. Not perfect in the sense of sinless. We're perfect in the eyes of God when we're in Christ. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; SO, IT'S BY THE BLOOD THAT WE STAND JUSTIFIED. &gt;&gt; That's right. Prophet said God required total annihilation from sin. See, isn't that a word for a Calvinist to say? But that's that's right. See, God requires total annihilation. And how can you do it as a man? You can't. But Christ can for you. AND YOU JUST ABIDE IN CHRIST. THAT'S ALL. God can't see the sin at all because he has to SEE THE BLOOD FIRST. AND HE CAN'T SEE through the blood. Aren't you GLAD FOR THAT? &gt;&gt; GOD can't see through the blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; HE SEES YOU. If he's looking through the blood, he sees you white. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; SINLESS. &gt;&gt; SO JUST STAY in Christ. &gt;&gt; That's all. He's now we're we in our pilgrimage. We're going to have our ups and downs like they did our jubilee times that that are up and down, but we're on our road. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now, we know what the token is today that God is requiring. It's the only time out of the church ages that God requiring a token is now in the evening time. &gt;&gt; And and that token is the life of the lamb. Not literal blood, but the life. The life. Everybody say the life. And and the token is the Holy Spirit. It's the seal. Seal signifying ownership security. Paul says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you are sealed to the day of your redemption." &gt;&gt; So, Brother Brandham said, "You must come under this token, God's Holy Spirit." Don't let your life lay dormant. Don't let THE HOLY SPIRIT QUIT operating in your life. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I hope I'm getting it to you the way I feel it. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; IT DISPLAYS to you Christ. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE IT COMES AND lives in you. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; THAT TOKEN, THE HOLY SPIRIT NOW IS DISPLAYING itself because it comes and lives in you. It shows that Satan has no right over you anymore. You are an overcomer, not a a victim. &gt;&gt; Sin cannot prevail over you. Evil cannot overcome you. &gt;&gt; Now you say, well then how do we display the token? I again listening to brother Brandham today and he he he made it so simple. He said, you know, if I told you that Beethoven or or Shakespeare was living in me, I got the spirit of Shakespeare. And he said, now he says, now there's no way that Shakespeare and I could live together because he's a poet. I'm a minister. &gt;&gt; So in other for him to live and and other words display himself in this body, I have to die out to myself. &gt;&gt; I have to I have to die out to who I am so that he could have preeminence in this body. And when he can have preeminent in the body, then he says, I become a poet. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; HE'S DESCRIBING HOW THAT TOKEN WORKS. &gt;&gt; THE ONLY WAY THAT the token be can BE DISPLAYED IS WE'VE GOT TO DIE OUT. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. I'VE GOT THE CARNAL NATURE. I DON'T THINK LIKE GOD. &gt;&gt; I DON'T ACT THE WAY GOD WOULD ACT. I'LL HANDLE SITUATIONS THE WAY SEAN MARTIN WANTS TO HANDLE THEM. BUT IN ORDER FOR THE TOKEN TO JUST BE DISPLAYED, SHAWN MARTIN'S GOT TO DIE TO HIMSELF. &gt;&gt; AND THEN GOD TAKES OVER THE BODY. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; SEE, AND SO NOW THE TOKEN HAS TO BE ON DISPLAY. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT THE MESSAGE, NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT BEING A CHRISTIAN, DISPLAYING THAT TOKEN. &gt;&gt; That's right. AND THE TOKEN IS THE QUICKENING POWER THAT HAS COME TO US IN this day. &gt;&gt; BROTHER BRAM SAID, "CHRIST IS THAT TOKEN. CHRIST IS THE QUICKENING POWER. CHRIST IS THE SEALS." &gt;&gt; CHRIST IS IT ALL. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why what Paul would say in Romans 8:11, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, HE THAT RAISED UP CHRIST FROM THE DEAD SHALL ALSO QUICKEN YOUR MORTAL BODIES by his spirit that dwell in you." &gt;&gt; So the token being on display means it's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that lives in me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; That's right. So then I want to ask you, how can bitterness and hatred and division prevail over you when divine love is having preeminence? &gt;&gt; True. Come on. &gt;&gt; How you you understand WHAT I'M SAYING? HOW HOW CAN FEAR AND UNBELIEF OVERTAKE YOU WHEN FAITH IS HAVING THE PREEMINENCE? AND I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT HUMAN FAITH. I'M TALKING ABOUT DIVINE FAITH. I'M TALKING ABOUT A TOKEN BEING ON DISPLAY OF DIVINE. THAT'S RIGHT. &gt;&gt; DIVINE IS THE TOKEN. DIVINE GOD. &gt;&gt; THAT DIVINE LIFE IS NOW LIVING in us. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's good. &gt;&gt; How can the love of the world possess us and dictate us when divine holiness has taken preeminence in our lives? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; You love him? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, we're Christians. We're not of the darkness. We're of the light. Remember this gross darkness will cover the earth or darkness covering the earth. Gross darkness the people. But then THE OTHER PROPHECY IS WHAT? ARISE, SHINE, FOR THY LIGHT HAS COME. &gt;&gt; THAT'S RIGHT. &gt;&gt; THAT TELLS US THAT SATAN CANNOT ROAM AND HAVE PREEMINENCE OVER YOU. YOU'RE UNDER a light. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's good. &gt;&gt; This doesn't mean that, &gt;&gt; you know, we can that we don't have an enemy to deal with. We do have an enemy to deal with. It doesn't mean that we can dillydally around the world and be unscathed. Romans 7:21 Paul says, "I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man, but I see another law in my members warning against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members." Brother Brown said as this, you know, he he's he's explaining this scripture, but he says, "As long as you're in this life, you're going to be sticky and have a carnal nature that's going to bother you as long as you live. But the inside of you, you're born again." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; And when you're raised up, you're in the likeness of Christ and ALL THE SIN IS GONE from you. That's the thing. &gt;&gt; That's right. So then by having this quickening power, this token in us and having faith in God's word, then we bring our OUTSIDE BODY. HE SAYS under subjection to the word by fa by accepting what God said. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many accepts what God said? &gt;&gt; That's where we're coming to. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We used to walk after our own ways. We used to do what we wanted to do. I want you to listen to me now. It's the common thing. If someone disagrees with you, walk away. If someone you know keeps doing WRONG WITH YOU, FIGHT BACK. IT'S IT'S THE COMMON common thing. Never speak that person. NEVER TALK TO THAT PERSON. SNOB THAT PERSON. That's common. Common thing is if you don't like something IN THE CHURCH, START trouble in the church. Get your way. &gt;&gt; COMMON THING IS IF YOU SEE SOMEONE THAT IS NOT LIVING RIGHT, GO TALK TO THAT PERSON OR GO TALK ABOUT THAT PERSON. &gt;&gt; TELL everybody that you what YOU DON'T LIKE ABOUT THAT PERSON. THAT'S THE COMMON WAY. THAT IS A CARNAL BORN SINFUL MAN WAY. THAT'S THE CARNAL NATURE THAT WE DEAL WITH. That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; You with me? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. SIR, &gt;&gt; THE COMMON WAY, THE SINFUL nature way THAT WE THE CARNAL NATURE WAY THAT WE DEAL WITH IS WE LOOK TO THE NATURAL things &gt;&gt; to keep our children. That's where the church is today. I'm not saying that you shouldn't have things for the children. We we try, you know, as a church or whatever. I promise you this looking out to that world and let my children hanging around with people that are just rotten just sinners. &gt;&gt; You won't do that. That's your your problem. But you'll deal with that. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. when your your children are out there out in the world &gt;&gt; and they ain't got anything out there to keep them &gt;&gt; and you want to trust in that to bring your children to church, keep your children like in church. How in the world do YOU DO THAT? YOU AIN'T TRYING TO RAISING them up to be friends to God. You're raising them up to be friends WITH THE WORLD BECAUSE you want to be friends with them. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THAT'S JUST PLAIN AND SIMPLE. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I KNOW IT'S HARD. IT'S hard to text tell our young people, AMEN, THE WAYS OF GOD, SOMETIMES THEY GET MAD AT US. &gt;&gt; AND LIKE IT OR NOT, THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It'd be easy for me to GIVE INTO MY MY CHILDREN'S FEELINGS. All my boys, EVERY ALL THE TIME THEY were a YOUNG WANTING TO GO PLAY BASEBALL, WANTING TO GO PLAY SPORTS, WANTING TO GO PLAY THAT, SAID, "NOPE, ain't doing it. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I knew God HAD SOMETHING FOR THEIR LIFE AND I still believe it. &gt;&gt; They may have not understood it, but who cares? &gt;&gt; I'm looking to a future. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; BUT WHAT IS IT? WE'RE IN A WARFARE. RIGHT. &gt;&gt; AND IN THE NATURAL, WE WANT TO JUST DO EVERYTHING THAT WE WOULD HAVE DONE IN THE WORLD. &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; But there's a token. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That has to be on display. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can't fight back. &gt;&gt; You understand? &gt;&gt; Can't eye for an eye. That ain't That ain't the gospel. &gt;&gt; TOOTH FOR A TOOTH. THAT'S NOT THE GOSPEL. YEAH. &gt;&gt; Divine love is &gt;&gt; and when that token is displayed, there is a divine love that takes over. &gt;&gt; There is something that begins to travail in us for people that are lost for our our wade word. A there there's there's remedies that we begin to seek for. OH GOD, AMEN. CAUSE THIS WALL OF PARTITION to break. THAT'S RIGHT. &gt;&gt; LET THERE BE A UNITY BETWEEN US. WHATEVER THE DEVIL IS TRYING TO DO, OH FATHER, LET ME ACT IN such a way. &gt;&gt; I know the natural as well. If they don't call me, I ain't going to call them. They want to talk to me, I ain't going to TALK TO THEM. THAT'S NATURAL. THAT'S CARNAL. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But there's a token. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, we're in this warfare whether and and and you may have the Holy Ghost. You may have these things, but that doesn't mean you just relax. You're in a battleground. &gt;&gt; You're in a warfare. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? And the only way YOU'RE GOING TO STAY UNDER THAT blood is the word. The word begins to take over. AND YOU SAY, "FATHER, THAT'S NOT THE WAY I'VE BEEN ACTING. I WANT YOU TO WASH ME. I WANT YOU TO CORRECT ME." AND THERE IS A BLOOD THAT WASHES US. IT MAY STEP ON YOUR TOES AND YOU MAY HATE IT. BUT IF YOU HUMBLE YOURSELF, THERE'S A BLOOD THAT'LL BREAK THAT POWER OVER YOUR LIFE. &gt;&gt; What is it? It's a honing. We're coming down to a honing time that God is honing us. He's shaping us. He's correcting things. HE'S THE ONE THAT'S ALLOWING THESE THINGS IN OUR LIFE SO WE CAN SEE WHAT WE NEED TO BE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; That he's our protector. That's right. &gt;&gt; I hope this all right. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said, "Oh," he's praying. And he said, "Oh, Satan would take my very life, but I'm dependent on you, and I realize that I shall face demons after a while, supernatural beings who will come out in that poor old form of a dark cloud going on against my very soul." Then, Father, if you don't cover me with your blood and protection, it would it quickly would come upon me and I could have no more services, for I would be laying helpless. Oh, help me thou Lord, help me to be sincere, for I realize that we're not wrestling against flesh and blood now, but spiritual powers. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? So we find that Paul would tell us, he says, you know, in in Ephesians 4:26, "Be ye angry and sin not. Let not the sun go down upon your wrath, neither," everybody say, neither give place to the devil. First Thessalonians 5:22, "Abstain from all appearances of evil." We could go on and on and on, but Brother Brandham says, "If you have the spirit of God, then it is in you to abstain from evil, to do good, to shun evil, and flee to righteousness and turn away from temptations." &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say it? It's in me. &gt;&gt; It's in me to shun evil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "As soon as you see sin in any form, jump from it. Get away from it. I don't care what you have to do. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; If you have to get you a flip phone flip phone, get you a flip phone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I mean, I'm just It's a disgrace people having their phones and looking at their phones in church. You irreverent person. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? It's totally irreverent. &gt;&gt; When we can't give up the things of thing, things of the world, just a little time for God. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But but see, IT'S COMING ON. SO SO SO he Now, I wasn't meant just, you know, I don't mean to be hard, but it's just on my it's just in my spirit right now, okay? And and I'm not here as a chew out or anything, but I am telling you, we need the spirit of God in our lives. &gt;&gt; It it it it is just so easy to get mad at people anymore. IT'S SO EASY JUST TO CUT PEOPLE OFF ANYMORE. IT'S SO EASY JUST TO CUT OURSELVES AWAY. WELL, I DON'T WANT YOU'LL SEE. YOU KNOW, IT'S FUNNY THAT MORE PEOPLE SEE HYPOCRISY IN THE CHURCH THAN THEY DO OUT IN THE WORLD. &gt;&gt; TRUE. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; There's hypocrisy in the church. There's problems in the church. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; BUT HOW could some guy claiming to be a Christian and look at the world AND SEE MORE GODLINESS OUT THERE THAN THEY DO IN THE CHURCH? &gt;&gt; OH MY. Come on. &gt;&gt; Brother Bradom says he says if you if you come to a meeting and you want to see see the bad, Satan will be sure to show it to you. &gt;&gt; So if you've got in this mind frame that everybody's an devil and this person's PROBLEM IS THIS. EVERY TIME YOU look at that person, Satan's going to show you everything bad about that individual. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Change your mind. Say, "God, I'm going to love that individual. I'm going to I'm going to I'M GOING TO FELLOWSHIP. I'M GOING TO GET IN. I'M GOING TO SHOW CHRIST. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Well, we could take a vote and you can vote me out if you want, but it's just it's just way I feel like it's the truth. I feel like it's needed. &gt;&gt; Feel like the Lord's laid it on my heart. So now he says remember he says as soon as you see it sin in any form jump from it get away from it. I don't care what you have to do get away from the very appearance of evil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because remember to associate with sin is death. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? You believe that? I'm done this preacher too. &gt;&gt; Just the same as standing there and letting that car strike you. DON'T JUST WAIT and see what it'll do. Get out of the way. &gt;&gt; The very appearance OF EVIL, SHUN IT QUICKLY. When you see A TEMPTATION COMING UP and sin, IF YOU KNOW IT'S something wrong, that death is lurking after you, then get away from it as quick as you would get away from an automobile approaching you at 90 m an hour. &gt;&gt; You'd want to get away FROM IT QUICK. GET OUT OF THE WAY. JUMP, SLIDE, run away. Just get away from it. &gt;&gt; And I want to say this this morning as we close. You don't have to sin. &gt;&gt; You have protection. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon said a lot of people they sin because they have to sin. That's a pitiful shape when you say you have to sin. &gt;&gt; But when you realize you don't have to sin anymore. There's people that just stand up and curse and laugh in your face, call you an idiot, and everything else. and and they are willfully sinners, then there's no hope for them. But that man who does something constantly, THEY DON'T WANT TO do it. He steals, he doesn't WANT TO. HE LIES, HE DOESN'T WANT TO. HE DOES THINGS HE DOESN'T WANT TO. HE DON'T WANT TO BE A SINNER. There's hope for him if you can let him see what's the truth. Come up to God's promise. Lay your faith on that and walk out there to the enemy. &gt;&gt; He just simply can't hold it no longer because it's yours. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? See, people want to blame the devil for their failures, but brother Brandham in the breach, I believe it was, says, "No, the devil didn't do it. You just wasn't sealed in." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So then, see, cuz you're sealed in. When you're sealed in, he sealed out. &gt;&gt; You went out to him. &gt;&gt; Remember, we're talking about enticing spirits, lurements, right? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lurements. He said, "You went out to him. and he couldn't get into you because the only way he'd get into you is through the same process that you have. He'd have to be saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost, then he'd be your brother. So, he didn't do it. No, no. You just went to the borderline, come back lusting for the things of the world. He never went all the way into Canaan across Jordan to death itself. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; If the musicians will come, brother Brandham tells of the time he visited a man in prison. This man was serving time for what he had done. Brother Brandham took him by the hand and began to talk with him. And he asked him the question, "Why? Why would you do such a thing as this? Why?" The man holding him by the hand, he began to speak and say, "I was forced into what I was doing." Told brother Ram said, "He's forced in it." And I said, "Be it's only because that you permitted it to force you into it." &gt;&gt; He said, "You don't have to do that. No man has to drink." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You with me? &gt;&gt; Notice Brother Brandon says, "Now I'm a nervous man, too, but there's still no need for it." So what I am saying is there is a protection of the blood. &gt;&gt; THERE IS A WAY THAT SATAN doesn't have to get us. &gt;&gt; Satan does NOT HAVE TO PUT A SPIRIT of pornography on you. Satan does not have to put THE SPIRIT OF HATE upon you. SATAN DOES NOT AMEN. HE CANNOT. WHEN YOU'RE UNDER THAT blood and you're keeping your sins under the blood, SATAN CAN'T TOUCH YOU. HE CAN SCRATCH AT THE DOOR. HE can allure you. He can DO WHATEVER HE WANTS TO. BUT IF YOU'LL TAKE GOD AT HIS WORD AND HIDE under his protection, Satan can't touch you. &gt;&gt; Let people come and talk about you, you'll love them anyhow. Let people do you wrong, you'll love THEM ANYHOW. YOU'LL SHOW KINDNESS TO THEM. Let someone let let some old nasty, FILTHY, PERVERTED WOMAN COME BEFORE YOU MEN AND THERE'S JUST SOMETHING THAT'LL CAUSE YOU TO TURN YOUR HEAD. &gt;&gt; But what is it? We allow ourselves to be lured. We allow it to be an allurement and before you know it, we're we're looking at things. We're doing things. We're talking things. We're we're we're ALL OF A SUDDEN THAT sticky nature. But it's come time to play the token. Display that token. Can you say amen? There is a living God. There is a living reality. I love it how brother Brandham displayed Christ. But I thought, "Oh, God, if that prophet can do it, I can do it, too. You can DO IT. THIS CHURCH CAN DO IT. YOU CHILDREN can do it." &gt;&gt; You believe it? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you is our prayer. The light Mercies are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, the light of the world. Sing it again. Oh, we'll walk in. I thought of how the prophet began to talk about how they had had company all day and they finally the last one had left and his wife just wore out and she's sitting there and she's crying. Joseph and Sarah, they're fighting and just seemed like a nervousness in the in the house. attention. I just love how the prophet handled it. He didn't say, "Woman, straighten up." He didn't say, "Children, behave yourself. I'm going to whip you." There was just something he realized that a spirit was at work, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; They grabbed that wife and he hug began to hug her. And as she's weeping on his shoulder, he's praying, "God, soften her down. Calm her down. God, give me the answer." And as he's praying, he said, "Before you knew it, she's quit crying. Children's quit fussing. They're over there playing." He said, "What is it?" It changed the atmosphere. &gt;&gt; And I thought, "That's right. Oh, God, help us to realize what we're dealing with sometimes." Oh, we'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Aren't you glad for that protection? Come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, say it again. We will walk in the light. Such a beautiful life. Come where the dwrops of mercies are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of. Can you just lift your hands unto the Lord? Say, "Father, help me to abide in you. Help me to stay under that protection to where I'm safe, my family safe." Oh God, we thank you, Lord, for it. I pray that you would just bless this congregation this morning. Help them, Lord, as we walk along this journey. There's so many things to disturb us trying to trying to get us to look at this and trying to get us to look at that and trying to get us offbalanced and fearful and worrying and but oh God may we stay under that blood and trust you father I I just believe in it Lord. Thank you for protecting all these young people here. Keep them, Father. Keep them from the allurements of the world. Oh father, so many things to entice them. But I pray Lord that they could look to your word and see that you have called them, that you've ordained them for a rapture, that it could just be so in their heart that that crave, that desire will be fulfilled in you. May they look to you for everything they have need of is our prayer. Lord, may these words that we have spoken this morning not be a detriment, but Lord, let it be something. Let it be life, Father, that we could come up higher in you, Lord. We give you all praise and glory in Jesus Christ's name. our bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. Can we sing this? I love him. I love him. Oh. Oh, I love him. Yes, I love him because he first loved me. Yes, we do, Lord. and perk. Just my salvation on Calary's tree. Oh yes, I love him. I love him because he first loved me and pray just my salvation on Calary. praise tree. Let's stand to our feet and sing. Oh Jesus is the sweetest name I know. And he's just the same as his lovely name. And that's the reason why I love him so. Lord Jesus is Sing it one more time. He is the sweetest name. Oh Jesus is oh the sweetest name I know. And he's just the same as his lovely name. Oh, that's the reason why I love him so for Jesus is the sweetest name. As they just playing softly, we want to remember those that are sick. and you know um still believe in God to work a miracle in Sister Martha and um there and and also um Sister Rhonda still got an infection and so we want to keep her in our prayer as well. and Sister Kim and uh want to keep her in our prayer and I think the doctor is going to try to up the surgery. Is that right? And um so uh and then you've got a CT scan coming up again and so um been really in a lot of pain having some complications and uh it's just really good to have her here today. But we want to keep her in our prayer and uh brother Doug hadn't been just feeling good. And how are you feeling brother Doug? Amen. So, we want to keep him in our prayer and um that God will just uh whatever is going on or was, you know, we prayed down in the office today and just believing God to do uh just worked a miracle for him. Amen. And uh but we'd certainly be keeping you, holding you up in our prayer. Lot lot of different ones that are sick today. and um Sister Janice and uh Sister Crystal's been fighting sickness. Brother Mark is sick. Brother Junior's family is sick and he and his family and um sister uh Becka Becky is sick and little David. It's good to have you this morning, buddy. Amen. And uh Jonathan is sick and so u uh a lot of lot of sickness going around. Brother Andrew Glover, he text me. He's sick and he's still preaching this morning, but he's not feeling well and just seemed like it's just going around everywhere. But we know that we have a God that can touch us. Amen. And so, uh, uh, Britney and Daniel and the girls, they were all sick and but they're doing better. So, this is good, I think. Still trying to recover. Amen. And uh tell you that stupid devil. Amen. But uh we're more than conquerors. And so we thankful for that. Amen. So um God bless you and uh let's just bow our heads once again. It's good to have brother Bill. Amen. He's been sick as well, but certainly good to have him. Brother Bill, would you want to dismiss us in prayer? Amen. I know.
