################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-05 - 060725  -  Mercy Seat In Action - Bro Ben Gloyne - Mercy Seat In Action - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-05
Title:   060725  -  Mercy Seat In Action - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Mercy Seat In Action
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx_4zGE1AwQ
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you sure [Music] you [Music] God bless you all this morning. Welcome to the house of God. It's always good to be here and it's always good to remind the devil of whose side we're on. Amen. You feeling good? You walking in complete victory, walking in faith. Yep. overcoming every obstacle, faithful in every trial, rejoicing in every situation. I knew you were. I knew I could have confidence in you all cuz we're all overcomers. You know, we we we we serve a God that overcame. And um I believe there's a scripture that says, "If God be for us, who can be against us? And greater is he that is within you than he that is in the world?" So if that means there's someone greater in you than whatever is in the world, then that means you you are greater than anything that could come your way in the world. Anything doesn't matter what it might be, you're greater than anything. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Amen. So let's um stand. I believe we're going to have a good time this morning. We're going to we're going to go we're going to go ahead with our praise and our worship. You know, the Israeli army was such a funny army back in Bible days. You know, you'd you'd think you'd send your strong warriors first or your um you know, the guys would shoot the arrows or something, but they would send the singers first into the the battle cuz they went in rejoicing and praising, you know, and that's that's why we do this. We we go forth singing and rejoicing and praising and then then we come in with worship and then the word of God. So, let's just pray this morning. Lord Jesus, it's a wonderful thing that we can be here this morning in your presence, Lord. And we can already sense your presence amongst us. Although even if we didn't, Lord, we we know that where two or three gathered in your name, there you are in the midst, Lord, and yet our beings, Lord, over time, we've learned, Lord, to recognize the spirit of God and recognize an atmosphere, Lord. And we just thank you for being amongst us this morning. And we just pray you bless each heart. May we all be receptive to your word and to your spirit this morning, knowing that you only think good things for us, Lord. You only want the best for us in every situation that we find ourselves in, Lord. and you only want the best for us this morning. So we just pray you'll bless us and come and fill each one with your spirit Lord and refresh us in the Holy Ghost Lord. May we may we just have joy in our hearts this morning and may we go away rejoicing this morning and may we be like the two Lord as they walked on on the road to Emmas they said did not our hearts burn within us as he spoke with us along the way Lord. So may you speak with us this morning bless um brother Beny ministers and just bless the song service we just commit to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Oh yes, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh yes. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. Oh yes. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free and I am on my way to heaven. Shout in victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Oh, yes. Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Oh, and Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'm on my way. And I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shout in victory. And I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory, singing glory, hallelujah. Let's sing that line one more time. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Oh yes, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. singing glory hallelujah Jesus set me free. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. [Music] I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my dear. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, you came from heaven to earth. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My de. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in. [Applause] I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to cross might [Music] from the cross from the grave to the sky. Lord I you came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My name from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Amen. These are the days of Elijah. These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of your seventh angel of righteousness being restored. And these are days of great trial of famine and darkness and shard. [Music] The voice in the desert crying prepare the way of the Lord. Riding on the cloud, shining like sun and trump. [Applause] These are the days of Egypt. The trials become And these are the days of your servant David. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as wide in the world. And we are in your vision in the world before we shining like and jumping riding on shining like sun and [Music] out of Zion still. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Riding on shining like sun and trump out. Listen one more time. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. [Applause] Riding on the cloud, shining like the sun and trumping [Applause] [Music] on shining like Dr. [Applause] Our God is tremendous. Our God is tremendous to save. Yes, he is mighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. How God cannot handle how God in simplicity revealed to you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the greatest love story. When I'm in need, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he heals me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget years old. [Music] My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Wonderful Savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. How God is tremendous. His strength never fails. He will go through the fire just to save the sinner might send his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful that God cannot handle. How God in simplicity reveal you and me. Came down from his glory. He gave us the greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehov the great enforcer as he only fight your battle. Oh, he will stand for you. Your victory will come the way that you think it should. My great just loves a paradox to stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Our God, our God is his strength and faith. He'll go through the fire just to save he is mighty [Applause] to guide me. There is no storm powerful that God cannot handle that God in simplicity revealed to you and me came down from his glory gave us the greatest love story. Our God, our how God is tremendous [Applause] to save the sinner. Yes, he is mighty [Music] to guide me. There is no power that God cannot handle. God in simplicity revealed to you and me. Came down from his glory. He gave us the greatest love story. He came down came down from his glory and he gave us the victory. It's the greatest love story. [Music] Who said that you were beautiful and that you belong in your own skin? who said that you were all alone and that you're never going to find love again. Little words, so many little lies that have followed you all of your life. You're looking for the truth. You look into your eyes and you'll see it's been there the whole time. Even when you are running, even when you are hiding, never been a moment that you were not perfectly loved. When you barely believed it, when your eyes couldn't see it every single moment, you've always been perfectly loved. Perfectly loved. [Music] You've always been perfectly loved, perfectly loved. You've always been perfectly in the hands of the infinite. As the wounds of this world became his, see the kindness heaven has for you. how it's always been drawing in. So many open doors, so many miracles that have followed you all of your life. Looking for the truth. Look into your eyes and you'll see it's been there the whole time. Even when you're running, even when you are hiding, never in the moment that you were not perfectly loved. When you barely believe it, when your eyes couldn't see it, every single moment you always been perfectly love, perfectly love. You've always been perfectly love. Perfectly love. You're not a problem. [Music] You're not a mistake. Don't need fixing our soul in the arms of his bra. You're perfectly human, made from the dust. [Applause] You've got a heart broken and scar. You're perfectly love. Oh yeah. Even when you are running, even when you are hiding, never been a moment that you were not perfectly loved. When you barely believed it, when your eyes couldn't see it, every single moment you've always been perfectly loved, perfectly loved. You've always been perfectly loved. Perfectly love. Waking up to a new sunrise. Looking back from the other side. I can see now with open eyes, darkest water and deepest pain. I wouldn't trade it for anything. Cuz my brokenness brought me to you. [Music] And these wounds are a story you use. So I'm thankful for the scars cuz without them I would your heart and I know they'll always tell of who you are. So forever I am thankful for. So I'm thankful. Oh yes, I'm thankful for the scars. Cuz without them I wouldn't know your heart. And I know they'll always tell of who you are. So forever I am thankful for the sky. Now I'm standing in confidence with the strength of your faithfulness. [Music] And I'm not who I was before. [Music] know I don't have to fear anymore. [Music] So I'm thankful for the scars cuz without them I would I wouldn't know your heart. And I know they'll always tell who you are. So forever I am thankful for the scars. How thankful I am thankful for the scars. Cuz without them I know your heart. And I know they'll always tell of who you are. So forever I am thankful for the skies and I can see. Oh yeah. I can see I can see how you delivered me in your hands in your feet. I found my victory. I can see. I can see how you delivered me in your hands, in your feet. I found my victory. So I'm thankful for the scars cuz without them I wouldn't know your heart. And I know they'll always tell of who you are. So forever I am thankful for the scars. [Music] Let's just do that one more time. Just the instruments. [Music] Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] till every dark addiction starts to break. I'm declaring there is hope and there is freedom. [Music] I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. You break every stronghold. You break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. I speak to every soul captive by depression. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is love. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you'll break every stronghold. Break every st. Shine through the shadows. You burn like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is heing. Your name is And you break every stronghold. Break every style. [Music] [Applause] Shout Jesus from the mountain. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the sea. Jesus in the dark. Jesus for my family. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus for my family. I see [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. You break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. You burn like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. Isn't he worthy? Isn't he wonderful? God bless you all. Great to be home. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Thank you, musicians. Great to hear you guys sing and play and sing. It's awesome. Amen. God bless you. Let's just read the scripture, then we'll just um share a bit about Australia and so on. So, let's go to um Exodus 25 and vers 17 to 22. Good to see that you could get out Arman and Shantel. Glad you're not isolated with candles. And have you got power again? Do you got power? Good. Awesome. That's good. So, you're back plugged in. Praise the Lord. Great to have Graeme and Sarah here. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hope everyone is um probably you everyone discovered muscles they didn't have or forgot they had after the youth thing yesterday. Yeah. So, praise the Lord. Amen. Um so, Exodus uh 25 and verse 17 down to 22. Then you can have your seat. Says, "And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold. Two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof. And thou shalt make two cherubams of gold of beaten work. Uh shalt thou make them in the two ends of the mercy seat, and make one cherub on one end, and the other cherub on the other end, even of the mercy seat. Shall ye make the cherubams on the two ends thereof? And the cherubam shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubams be. And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark. And in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee. And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubims, which are upon the ark, and the testimony of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. Amen. So let's bow heads in a word of prayer. And if you want to be remembered, just raise your hand up. Say, Lord, here I am, Lord Jesus. Gracious Father, we just want to Lord, we love you. We're so glad we can speak your name over every situation, Lord God. That Father, your name is a name above all names. So, we thank you, Lord, for this moment that we can stand here. We can commit our lives into your hands. Once again, we can ask that Lord, you as we've read your word, Lord, may you anoint it to speaker and hear, dear God. Father, anoint all those who are streaming, Lord. Think of my darling back home, dear God. Thank you for your hand upon her, Lord. anyone else who is unwell as well be their portion. Father, we commit our lives into your hands. We thank you for this moment, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. So, you can have your seats. I um we had a great time in um Australia. It was great to travel with my two eldest daughters. I got four daughters and one son, so it was great to travel with them. Lot of fun to travel with them. It was good. But yeah, we had a really good time. Uh the youth camp's amazing over there. Um everyone needs to go. that's youth needs to go next year. Um 13 and up. Yes. So we had a blessed time with um yeah really good nice relaxed atmosphere, good presence of the Lord. Um we uh preached with brother Steven McNeely who's brother Ron Peterson's associate pastor if anyone knows him. He's a um yeah he's really good. Had a great time. Um yeah the Lord Yeah was good. We um so this few services I took there was a few testimonies. Uh, one was um, so I was I was talking about don't don't be a human shield to the devil, you know, don't reason and talking about how like here I got the photo here. Well, the picture how um, yeah, so there's the cherubims above the mercy seat there and and um, you know, how the enemy you the devil was made to be the anointed cherub that coverth and he wants to still be that block between you and God. Uses all different kinds of things. And you know there was a there was a young sister went out when I was preaching and and you know she was talking to herself in the mirror in the bathroom saying I need to go on a retreat and find myself. So she walks back into service and I just start preaching about you don't need to go on a retreat to find yourself you know you just need the word you'll find yourself in the word you know and there was another sister there how I was talking about how the devil will put us into a false reality and make us feel disconnected from everyone else. And he does that doesn't he right? We imagine things, we live, we make this little world, we live in it. And there was a sister there who said that she was doing that. And uh but the Lord set her free of that, you know. And then there was another brother how uh before one of the services, he was telling um his pastor saying, "Look, I just need to pull away and you know, you know, the things that are going on and I, you know, just I just need to pull away and stop doing so much and things." And you know, and then after the service, he said to me, that was a big that was like I preached their their trial of their life and of their year. and he said to his pastor after service, forget what I said, it's fixed. So, you know, many things like that happen. God's good. God, the word discerns and meets the needs and set the captives free. So, you know, and also before, you know, as we know, you know, Christine had the, you know, accident and um she told me, "You must go to Australia." Did I want to go? No, I didn't. In my humanity, I did not want to go, but she said, "You must go." And then when she was in hospital on on Friday having the CT scan and um you know she was getting upset thinking that I would find out and I'd get on a plane and come home. I was this close to doing that. But I told her, "Don't worry, I'm staying." And the Lord had has everything in control. Like you know, as soon as, as you all know, soon as the car hit her, the Lord put in her heart, all things work together for good. Those that love God and are called according to his purpose. So nothing's out of cater. Everything's working just fine. This is all working for our good. This is working for my good. It's working for her good. All things work together for good. If you don't believe that, wipe that out of your Bible. Your life will profess if you believe that or not. I believe that. Is it hard? It's hard. Is it difficult? It's difficult. But God is in control. And we look beyond what we see. We don't walk by sight. We walk by faith. Right? And the pro the word says by his stripes, she's healed. So I don't look at symptoms. I look at the promise. Right? You can get all caught up in what you see with your eyes. Your eyes will lie to you all the day long. Look what AI can do nowadays. That's right. You know, deep fakes and all this nonsense. So why do we try and walk by those things? We don't need to worry about those things. No, we trust the Lord and keep walking on. She's slowly improving. Thank you for your love, your care, your prayers, your support. It's been phenomenal. Really. So, thank you so much as a body. Love you so much. Really, it's amazing. And sorry if I don't reply quick enough. I need a PR guy, you know, or you know, secret. I don't know. But thank you so much. It's been amazing. Really appreciate it. We're going to get through this, friends. We're going to get through this. See, everything the devil brings, it actually just backfires on him. Everything backfires on him. Okay? So, we Let's not be worried. Okay? Maybe I'm talking to myself. Let's trust the Lord. Remember what most sermons I guess I've been preaching is don't look by don't walk by sight, walk by faith. And here we are. Praise God. Amen. God wants to prove his word. He's going to find someone to prove his word in. And here we are. I'd say, "Lord, prove your word through me." So, we don't have to be in despair like brother Phil with what's going on. The Lord's in in control. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Right? Same with Margie or anything that's going on in our lives. Our footsteps are ordered of him. We don't need to panic or worry. God is in control. Worry has helped no one. Never since the history of man, right? It'll never help you now. So, why try it? Why not take God at his word and see what God can do? Amen. So, thank you so much. Oh, sorry. You know, I was amazed. This is public, but hey, I was amazed that you thought we'd have our family camp, but obviously that got vetoed last Sunday. That's okay. I can't get Forest Lakes until June, but there's the Palm Grove camp in Pam, which we got a whole bunch of dates in February, March. So maybe we'll go there summertime. Even better. So that's kind of in the pipeline. So it's just been postponed, right? So postponed, right? So yep. So that's just in the pipeline. So I'll get the and I'll get the camp registration forms out for um October. Sorry, it's coming. But we're going to have a glorious time. So um I just want to speak about I'm just going to take this off. But everyone's been good. Yep. Thank you, brother Isaac, brother Arman, for ministering while I was away. I haven't listened to them though, but thank you. Appreciate it. Um, yeah. All's well. All is well. Okay. So, I want to talk about, as I said here about the mercy seat in action. Now, we read here about the Well, maybe I'm just going to probably if I go through things too quick, forgive me. But you know, so I I talked a while ago about how it's the badge of skins, how you know, it's just the covering or the veil that hides the holy of holies, hides the presence of God. And we shouldn't get caught up in our humanity, right? Because remember the bad skins, the moment before God stepped in and the moment after he stepped in, they were the same badge of skin, right? So our humanity does not change just because God comes and dwells in us, right? We still have that war against the natural man and the spiritual man. But the spiritual man is stronger. But you should cater to him. Feed the white dog. Don't feed the black dog. Don't feed the flesh. Remember, the white dog is the real you in reality. Okay? So feed him. If you're getting low spiritually, if you find yourself struggling, what are you feeding, right? Just look at your diet. Just just do an inventory. Right? Remember, the flesh doesn't want to. Remember, one day if it can, the flesh will thank you that you dragged it to the altar, caused it to repent, took it to the waters of baptism, it'll thank you. Amen. Took it to the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and when it gets changed, it will thank you. Being a to drag this guy around until it's done, right? Praise the Lord. Amen. So now, so the badge of skin, our flesh doesn't change. And this has always been a wrestle down through the ages is is how can God be in man but yet man is still man and but God is God on the inside. Right? But but when Holy Ghost comes in, he starts taking dominion over this guy. This doesn't become a super duper badge of skin, same old skin, right? Exactly the same material, same characteristics, but when deity comes in, it changes everything. Okay? So now the the tabernacle also represents the human body. Okay. So now there's three three rooms of the tabernacle. There's I've got it on the right hand side as a diagram. So there's the outer court where the brazen altar is. Then there's the holy place. And then there's the most holy place. The most holy place is where the ark is where the presence of God dwells. And so that represents the soul of man. Okay? So so the outcourt represents the flesh and then the holy place represents your human spirit. Then the most holy place is your soul. Okay? But what comes out of the holy place controls what's in the rest of it. Okay? So now and and and I'll show you this how the Bible actually does teach that we have three a body, soul, and a spirit. Right? So first first Thessalonians says, "And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your whole spirit, soul, and body be preserved blameless until the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ." Right? So the Bible teaches that there are three rooms. Okay? So now but it's it it all depends on what's on in the most holy place will project you know what's in the other. Okay. So now this mercy seat actually speaks of the whole so where the cherubams are it's the actually the whole lid of the ark of the covenant. That's the mercy seat. Under that mercy seat is the law. There's Aaron's rod in there as well I think. And then there's a pot of mana that never gets old. Okay. So now when the mercy seat does see the but the big difference is between well I say there's a big difference between the mercy seat having the blood atonement on it and no blood right because when the blood is atoning then it's a mercy seat. It's actually what it's meant to be. But if there's no blood there becomes a judgment seat. So now now it comes down into our lives. If the blood is really there you are a seat of mercy. mercy will flow out. God will flow out. But if there is no blood there, then you are a judgmental thief. Okay? Because the law's still there, the word is there, but the blood covers that word, right? But if the blood's not there, then that then it's just law comes out. We're going to Are we here today? Okay. This is all everything's fine. Okay. Don't despair. You got to realize what you are. When the bride recognizes what she is, then the rapture will go. Right? So what? So God wants to live in you because he said that I will meet you between the wings of the cherubam over the mercy seat. Right? So God wants to come and dwell in your soul and then live his life out. Okay? So um we'll just read this here in Leviticus 16 says, "And he shall take the blood of the bulock." This is speaking of the high priest now. Uh and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward. them before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times. Then thou shalt kill the goat of the sin offering um that is for the people and bring his blood within the veil and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bulock. Sprinkle it upon the mercy seat and before the uh upon the mercy seat and before the mercy seat and he shall make an atonement for the holy place because the uncleanness of the children of Israel and because of their transgressions and all their sins. And so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation that remainth among them in the midst of their uncleanness. So there has to be blood upon the mercy seat for an atonement. Right? You know the blood is applied because the Holy Spirit abides, right? Okay. So this this comes into I just want to I feel like I'm we'll just get somewhere. Okay. Now we have been ordained in this day to be partakers of God's divine nature. Right? So now we live in a day where if you want to see Jesus, you should see it in you and I. You should see him in you and I. His character, his nature, his attitude should live through us. Right? We all have different personalities. God doesn't make us all the same personality, but he gives us the same nature. Okay? And God wants that. Remember, if there's blood on the mercy seat, then his divine nature starts to come forth. But if it's not there, it's our religious humanity will come forth. No one wants to be religious. We want to be Christians, right? And this is what we have ordained to be is to be real, genuine, washed by the blood, filled with the Holy Ghost Christians. This is what the message came to do. It has not come to give us a bunch of theory that does not work. And I think in the past what has happened is there's there's you know there's been a period from when brother Brham died for 40 years there was a time of wandering in the wilderness of the bride just like it was when Moses you know you they're in the wilderness for 40 years what was there fussing fighting church splits right God did things God fought battles but it wasn't but the word that came on Sinai was never for the wilderness it was for the promised land right and it's this message that we have received is not for just being sanctified being in a wilderness and fussing and fighting and church splits and doctrine that's abstract. No, it's got to come into the promised land where you when you receive the Holy Ghost that the word becomes applicable to everyday life. Because if it's not applicable to everyday life, it's just theory. And the devil don't mind theory. But when the word comes down into your life and affects your life, that's where he gets upset because he wants he does not want you to have victory in everyday life. But we live in a season now, it's been odd 40 or 2005 was that 40 year mark where there's been a dispensational change around the earth where people have actually stepped into the bride has stepped into every divine promise and living in the desert and living in the promised land are two different places, right? One, you're living off the land. You're in your inheritance, right? Which is the promised land. The other you're you're in the desert. Was God in the desert with them? Yes. Is he in the promised land? Yes. But we're not meant to live in the desert no more. Right. So, so the word cannot just be an abstract idea. It's got to be tangible, real, the the the the yeah the abstract must become reality. Right. So, this is where I want to speak about these things. Okay. So, he said that we would whereby is given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Right? So we don't just we don't just uh talk about the Lord or or understand the doctrine but we know him and we see it living in our lives. Okay. So now where are we up to here? So because this is the greatest thing, right? This is what the seventh seal is all about for the Gentiles. It is that Christ in you the hope of glory. The mystery he says he says the riches of the glory. This mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory. This is the seventh seal for us because because there's three phases of it. We know God would have pre-minence in Christ. Then Christ would have preminence in his bride that he would live through the bride to restore Eden again, right? That's the seventh seal in a nutshell. But it's got to be lived out, right? We're not here just to talk about it. We're here to live it or let it live through us because it is Christ coming down and living through us, right? So, so we live in a day where he has prayer minutes in a people, but what does that mean? You know, you could say, well, I'm a believer. What does that mean? I follow the message. I'm just throwing out. What does that mean? Because it can mean a lot of things to different people. One, it could mean, well, I believe all the doctrine, but there's no life. But I'm in the message. Is that the message? Or is that just agreeing with a mental idea? To me that's just agreeing with a mental idea, right? But when when he comes and lives in you, that's a very different thing, right? So So we I just I'll just read this in here. Oh, if God can get prisoners like that. Now that's when he can express the preeminences. You see, he's got the man or the person so that he knows nothing but Christ. You get what I mean? All right. That's secondly. First is to express himself completely God in Christ. Second is to have pre-minences by this in his church which is his body the bride till he could have the preminences to express himself through them and all right the thirdly is to restore the kingdom to its rightful position that fell by sin by the first Adam get back to where he walked in the cool of the evening with his people talked with them fellowshipped with them amen so when it says here that that that person becomes a prisoner but he knows nothing about Christ That doesn't mean he's ignorant of anything else. Can you drive a car? No, I know. Nothing but Christ. Can you cook a meal? No. Nothing but Christ. That's not what he's talking about. What he's talking about is all he knows is God is more than able. Right? That he's not he doesn't know what his mind is saying. And you know, he doesn't take what his mind says. He doesn't look at by what he sees with his eyes. He knows the word is right. He knows his ABCs is always believe Christ. Right. And he's resting in that. Amen. He knows that God is in control. He's not panicking about what's going on. No, he is resting in that. Amen. But you see now this is, see, this is now when we read about Christ in you, the hope of glory. This is the almighty God in you, the hope of glory, right? Not a second person or a minor God. It is the God of gods, the almighty dwelling in man. Because what has happened essentially is God has changed his dwelling place. I was going to actually put a photo of you guys there, but it might offend some people. Maybe I should have done it because what's good of looking at a painted fire when you don't see the reality of it, right? Because because people have no problem saying almighty God was in, you know, between the cherubims on the mercy seat. Absolutely. But when you say that same God is in you and I, but that's what the gospel does. That's what the blood does. That's what Calvary achieves, right? So God has changed his dwelling place. So now if he's changed his dwelling place, he's going to live life. He's going to live his life out of you and I. Amen. So see it's showing the same nature of the Lord is now behind your skin. Amen. His attitude towards the lost becomes your attitude. So what was his attitude? He didn't look down his nose at people and say, "Look at them and they deserve it." No, he went down to the sinner. Amen. He was approachable. He wasn't a holier than now kind of a guy. Amen. He was a meek and lowly man of Galilee. That was his attitude. He wanted to He wasn't willing that any would perish. That's his attitude. That attitude should become our attitude. Right? I'm not saying it's not, but I just I just want to put these things out there. He wasn't judgmental or condescending. No, he you know, when people people came into his presence, he wasn't arrogant about it to me. He did not he did not say, "Well, you should be thankful you're in my presence and I've only got so much time for you." No, he was he was he was um he was thankful that people would be around him cuz he was remember he was so great he be but he became so low. He became lower than the lowest. So his attitude would have been it's so nice to meet you. How are you doing? Have a genuine care and love. Shouldn't that should that not be our attitude? Right? His attitude towards sin should be our attitude towards sin. He didn't explain it away. It's okay. And he never parttook in what people were doing. But yet he could go where the sinner was, not partake and yet win them. Shouldn't Should that not be our attitude? Amen. His attitude towards the believers should be our attitude towards the believers. Amen. Especially the ones that don't fit in our mold. We all have a mold. We'll have people that we like to gravitate towards. Amen. You know, but we shouldn't be caught up in that mold, right? He and and basically I'll say that same thing but in a different way. He his attitude towards his own body, the bride should be your attitude towards his body. He loves his body. Amen. He loves his body. His attitude towards the word should be our attitude. Amen. Look at this. says, "So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies, even he that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." So he loves him. He the Lord loves his body. If someone says that they, you know, if you really love yourself, you'll love your wife. If you don't love yourself, you don't love your wife because you have no revelation she's part of you. So the Lord loves his body. So should we not love his body, too? Oh, but that person might be a pinky or a little toe or whatever, are they part of the body? Should we not treat them the same way? If if if the Lord Jesus put your life at greater value than his own, should we not view each other the same way? This is part of the redeemed, part of the ages, attributes of God and flesh. I think we should have the utmost love and care and respect and I know you do so is easier to say but you see we should have that attitude towards one another. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now so we should have a see he his attitude towards his word should be our attitude. He believes his word. He doesn't doubt his own word. He knows his word is power, right? We should never question his word. We should always believe Christ. I mean, always believe his word. Not not believe your gut feeling or your feelings. No, we want to believe his word, right? We want to God's attitude towards this scripture is it's true, it's right, and it meets every condition. There's no exemption. There's no sub clause that says this does not certain thing happening to you right now does not work for your good. Everything works for your good. Amen. We can rejoice in every situation. But does that mean you're burying your head in the sand? No sir. We can rejoice because who's in control? Ain't me. Praise the Lord. It's him. So we can rest in that. Amen. But you see now we must have character to rule. Remember if we have his divine nature then we have character to rule. Okay. But character is a victory. It's not a gift. So you don't just get given eternal life is a gift but character is a victory. That means you got to wrestle with something to win to defeat it. And what is that thing? This guy. What this guy wants to do. Who cares what this guy wants to do? This guy wants to be lazy, wants to do nothing. Is that going to help me? Is that going to let mercy live out of me? Is that going to let the seventh seal manifest himself out of me? The mercy of God flowing? No. We want to have victory. We want to have character that's fit to rule. Because power apart from character is satanic. Because if someone has power without character, they'll bring judgment. They'll bring condemnation. They'll pin someone with a religious spirit. They'll drag someone down. They will not bring life. But if you have the right character, then life will come, right? And liberty will come. Amen. He says, "A man without character can't reign because power apart from sorry, power apart from character is satanic, but power with character is fit to rule." Amen. And what are we ordained to do? We will rule in the millennium. We are ordained to sit on the overcomer's throne. Right? That's your ending up position. So you need character now to have character there, right? And what character does he want you to have? His character. So his attitude, how he operated, you should be operating too, right? You know, this is exactly how we should be. It should, you know, like the apostle Paul would say, it's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me. That's more than a nice thing to put on your Instagram with a nice sunset behind it and all these things. No, it's got to be a reality. It's not me. It's not my nature. It's now God living through me. You like brother Bram. He was a hightempered Irishman, part Irish. You know, some boys beat him up. This is before he became a believer. And he went and got his gun. He wanted to shoot them. But his gun wouldn't go off. God would would not let him become a mass murderer. Amen. And and then the guy who killed his dog, he wanted to go deal with him too. Shoot him as well. But I think his father stopped him. But when he met the Lord, he led that same man to Christ. Why? So it was a See, why? Because because in him was not mercy within man. That's why it's always eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth is a natural law. Doesn't matter if you go around the world, there's always I'm going to get revenge. What is there here in New Zealand? UTU whatever you all these things and over in Africa there's different things in Europe definitely. History is full of feuds and the hundred-year war, you know, between France and England. Do they even know what they're fighting about? That's right. Well, they killed me and I, you know, their four bears killed my four bears, so I'm going to kill them and all. I'm going to get revenge and all these things. That is not mercy. Someone has to break the cycle. Someone has to let go of the past and grudges and hurts and pains. Someone has to get victory over it. Why not you and I? We're ordained to do it. You say, "Well, you know, my past and my forbears and all these things." No, we are ordained to live above those things. Those things are not our inheritance. It's not being like Christ. If the blood is applied, mercy will come out. Okay? So, don't let your bad skin rule you with your past and memories and all these things. I don't care what's defined your history, your your your family history. I don't care. That's irrelevant. Let it go. It's not worth holding on to. I've got to uphold the family name. We're called by a higher family name. We're called by the name of Jesus Christ. Why don't we uphold his family name, which is our family name. Amen. So now we want to, he says, so we must so victory. Remember character is a victory. And that's why you got to realize, you know, we sing that song, I'm fighting uh he's I'm fighting a battle he's already won. Right? I like to sing it, I know what you're doing because I know what you've done. We don't We're not walking blindly in this world. We know what he's doing cuz we know what he's done. What do he do? He's redeemed us back to himself by his own blood to produce himself in a people. That's what he wants. He's going to come for a people who have his nature, his character. She is him, right? That's what he's looking for. His word in flesh. That's what he's going to rapture. This Bible will stay here when the translation happens. Every message book under the sun, every Bible under the sun will stay upon the earth. But those that that word has become flesh in, God is taking with him. Right? So now, so I sing it. I know what you're doing because I know what you've done because he is molding me. So when we go through a trial, you're going to realize, Lord, you're given this that I will meet give get your character. Amen. because it's going to be character as a victory. That's why there's a struggle, right? Even the shortest war in history was a victory cuz they won. I think the shortest war was a few hours, but they still fired bullets. They still fought a battle, right? But it was a victory cuz it wasn't just handed to them. No, they had to fight. It's the same thing with you and I. We got to deny ourselves, pick up our cross, and follow him. Right? We cannot lift up. We cannot feel justified. You know, self-entitlement is such a strong thing in this day. It's not fair. And this is not fair and being entitled. That's a Ladyian thing. What are we entitled to? One thing we're entitled to is actually to be lost in hell because of our first birth. That's the one thing we're entitled to really naturally. But God rich in mercy has come down that we actually he took that what we were entitled to because of our first birth became a sinner for us went to hell on our behalf that we don't need to go that we could go to heaven. Right? So it's not life, you know, life is not fair. It's not fair. But we don't walk by fairness. We need to maybe I just I'm just going to preach to myself. Okay. Who cares about fairness? What is the relativeness of fairness? If you compare yourself to Elon Musk or the rich super rich of the world, life's not fair. Who are you comparing yourself to? Don't don't worry about the life is not fair. My family, this family. Every single one of our parents was ordained by God. Our upbringing, everything that happened to us, their complexes, their problems, things you went through in life was ordained because God wanted to bring out a certain expression of himself out of that in you. That's right. So, we can't say, "Well, I should have had these and why didn't I have this and if we had this?" No, don't worry about that. God has put you upon the earth for a purpose that you will get divine nature, right? So, let's just let's just settle all those things. Don't worry about where you came from and don't wrestle with it. God allowed it. Okay? And he didn't allow it because he was mean at you or was mad or angry or resentful. It's nothing to do with it. We all come from many different places, many different backgrounds, good, bad, ugly, whatever more. I'm not diminishing those things, right? But we got to lay it to rest. God, you brought me to the earth in a certain family for a certain reason, and you know what you're doing, and I'm so thankful I'm here. Thank you found me, Lord. I'm so glad I'm part of you. I want to walk with you now. Okay. So, character is a victory. There's a battle. That's why there's a always a struggle. The struggle is good. It's a good war. We know we're going to win, but it's a good war. Okay. So, just just keep walking on with the Lord. And and since he wants to share um he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and sit down on his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary sufferings we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. I'm willing. It's worth it. It's worth it. Tell you what, when we all do a big dance around the throne together, I'll say it was worth every sweat, blood, sweat, tear, crying, pain, what? Heartache, sorrow, question. It'll be worth it all when we see Jesus. It'll be it'll be one look of his hallowed face will more than repay. Not that we need pain or, you know, payment, whatever. I don't care about crowns or robes. I want to see him. That's all I'm interested in. I don't care about rewards. I really don't care. I want to see him. That'll satisfy me for eternity. and then some. Now, if we are a place where God's mercy can live out, we got to realize that we have a great a great uh responsibility because the Bible says that we've been made kings and priests to our God. Now, a king has dominion, but a priest intercedes. So, if you've got the right character, you can intercede on the behalf of people, right? If you've got a satanic character, no, I shouldn't say it like that. I say if you have a carnal character, then you won't intercede, but you'll hold a grudge. Right. So, we don't want Remember, we're having communion Wednesday night, too, by the way. News flat. Sorry. Okay. So, so here we are in uh Numbers where Moses, so this is where a plague is struck out because of the grumblings of the people. Where people are, there's grumblings. There's trouble. You go live under a rock, you'll find problems cuz you're there. Cuz you're a person. Okay? I mean, if I go live under a rock, I'll find problems cuz I'm there. Let's be honest, you know? Because where people are, there's problems. That's okay. We're human, right? God's developing us through those problems, right? But now, you see, as Moses was told um told Aaron, "Take a sensor and put fire therein from off the altar and put on incense and go quickly unto the congregation and make an atonement for them, for there is wrath gone out from the Lord. The plague has begun." And Aaron took uh took as Moses commanded and ran into the midst of the congregation. And behold, the plague was begun among the people, and he put on the incense and made an atonement for the people, and he stood between the dead and the living, and the plague was stayed. Now, incense in the Bible always speaks of prayer. So notice now, Aaron never ran out or Moses never said to Aaron, Aaron, go explain to the people why this has happened and are they sorry first, then you can intercede. No, he ran out there. He he stood in the breach between the living and the dead that that plague would be stopped. Why? because he had divine character. He did not say to Moses, "Moses, I'll do it later cuz I don't feel like it now cuz I'm annoyed at the people." No, he stood in the gap, interceded cuz he had the right character. He had divine nature. Now, how about you and I when trouble, sickness, or no, not sickness, but you know, things come up in church or in family, among families. How do we operate? Do we operate with mercy? Do we intercede for that person? Do you slip away and pray? Or do you have a big kind of court session in your mind about why, how, and all the variables and then the sentence that's got to be passed? What do you do? I trust it's the first thing, not the latter thing. Courtrooms are boring. No one likes to be there. So why make your mind one? Okay, but you know what do we do? You know, I trust that you know if someone even a friendly, oh, they didn't shake my hand last Sunday, the previous Sunday, the Sunday before, they don't shake my hand. I don't. No, I'm just going to avoid that person. Do we really let those things bother us? Should we let it bother us? The devil wants it to bother us, but why can't we just say, "Hey, man, I'm just happy to see them. If they shake my If you never shake my hand again, I really don't mind. I like shaking hands." Okay, so you know, it's not like I'm trying to live like an isolation thing, but you know, it doesn't bother me. We shouldn't be so worried about how people treat us in that way. Just love everybody. If there's mercy coming out, love covers a multitude. and not shaking hands is not a sin. But no, love covers a multitude of sins, right? So why why should we worry about these things? I think let's just move on. So we have the power to intercede now. We want to be like Jesus. Okay, I want to be like Jesus. Okay, I trust you guys want to as well. Okay, but you see now I like this photo because you look at, you know, sometimes there's pictures of the cross and it's way up there somewhere. But maybe it was just about this high. And you know, here's the Lord and he's, you know, he's being mocked. You know, here's these guys. You know, there's, you know, one pointing his finger and those two right up in his face. He's suffering and he's pulling himself up just trying to breathe. And, you know, because of the because crucifixion, how it works is basically you uh suffocate because you because there's so so there's holes, you know, the nails in your hands. You can't really pull yourself up with your hands. And then there's nails in the feet that you can't support yourself with the feet. and the feet are on a a angle and so basically you try and lift yourself up like this to try and catch a breath. But then eventually you have no more strength and you just you basically suffocate. So here they are right in his face. He's just trying to you know breathe and survive or you know however long. But there they are. And then finally see see these guys that are making fun. They do not have the blood applied. That's for sure. They have no mercy in them. They're making fun cuz they cuz they think finally I can tell them what I think of him. begin to mock him and ridicule him, maybe spit in his face as he's hanging on Calvary. You know, this was the third pull of Jesus' ministry was now set into set into being. There was the miracles, there was the discernment, there was the prophecy. But now the full intent of his ministry was upon the earth where for this cause I've come into the world. What? To be the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. So now he has entered into the third pull of his ministry. What is he going to do in this third pull? There's going to be forgiveness given. There's going to be intercession made, right? It's not going to be judged because he is the mercy seat, right? We know that the mercy seat is not a piece of furniture in heaven. It's a person. Christ is mercy, right? He's the fountain of all mercy. He is the mercy seat. Okay? But you see, so there he is struggling to breathe and all these things and they're mocking him, making fun of him. Now, if he did not have the right character, he would never have said this. Father, forgive them for they don't they do not know what they do. There's nowhere in the scripture where he says, "Hold on, everyone. Don't you know you have broken my heart? Don't you know you've hurt me?" Cuz he died of a broken heart, right? The blood and water separated in his body. That's a broken heart. He died of a broken heart because of rejection. He did not say, "Now I need to explain to you what you've done to me and then I'll think about whether I'll forgive you or not." Forgiveness is not based on what the other party has done. It's not based on whether they've apologized or you've talked about it. No, forgiveness comes first. We should not hold for a picos second any unforgiveness in our hearts. That's the smallest measurement of time. By the way, we had a science lesson. There you go. But you see, we should not hold anything in our hearts against anyone for any amount of time. It is not Christian. It is not godly at all. Those things should be let go of. You say, "Well, I still feel pain by it." But what's your attitude towards that person? If your attitude is Lord, you want to see them there on the other side above everything, then you've truly forgiven. You say, "Well, I feel pain." Well, it's like a wound, right? You get cut, you get stitches or whatever more. You know, that wound has now been been treated. It's now been whatever cleaned out, whatever it is. But it takes time for it to heal. That's right. But just because you may feel pain towards the person doesn't mean you haven't forgiven. You have because your attitude towards that person is, "Lord, I want to see them there. I feel sorry for them. Lord, forgive them. They don't know what they do. It's not out of your head. It's out of your heart. Right? But then now there's a healing process can start to take place. So don't beat yourself up because you maybe feel hurt. But what's your attitude towards the person? Does anyone follow me about that? Right? But you see this was his expression. He was he was the third pull of his ministry. What was he doing? Interceding for those people in his face making fun. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. And we know where are the worst wounds come in the house of your friends among family that you love where your heart has been open to them. That's where we can get hurt the easiest and the most. But they all work together for our good. Right? So this was the third pull of his ministry. And that's why you know because he what he died on Calvary he went down and preached to the souls in prison. What is that now? That's all. And this is the third pull ministry of the bride where we don't just talk about forgiveness. We live it. where the divine nature of Christ is within us that it's not judgment comes out and you want to see people in trouble and you think well they deserve that when trouble comes into their lives no you intercede for that person where you don't have any ill feelings towards anybody you it can be the worst see when he said father forgive them they don't know what they do he wasn't thinking about the disciples he loved he was thinking about these guys you know so what about you and I now if we're to be like the Lord this should be our attitude because his attitude becomes our attitude. And and then even, you know, he would say this here, if I can find this here, he would say this in Matthew. This is before, you know, this is this is in the garden when Peter's trying to stop the word being fulfilled. He says, "Thinkstest thou that I cannot now pray to my father, and shall he not presently give me more than 12 legions of angels? But how then shall the scripture be fulfilled that thus it must be? So he knew the power that he had. He knew what he what was at his fingertips. One of those angels could have killed them all. Right? One of those angels could have changed the whole scene. Could have leveled the temple and done away with the high priest and all the all of his enemies. He knew what the power at his disposal. But he knew the word had to be fulfilled. And you see what is the fulfilling of the word in our lives is that there's a people upon the earth that can actually let go. They can forgive. Because if we got the nature of Christ, then his nature will live out of us. And we can let go. We can actually forgive. Right? It's not, well, I've been taught to, therefore, I say it, but I still hold it. No, you let go of it. Right? You actually, and you don't have to see that character is not ask, well, they have to apologize first. That's irrelevant. If they never come say sorry to you, if they never come and say, "Well, that was wrong. I was wrong. Please forgive me." If they never say that to you in their lives, that doesn't mean that you should not forgive. In reality, you should have forgiven before you saw the person the next time. We not meant to hold on to those things. Why? Because unforgiveness breeds resentment, brings a root of bitterness. And who does it affect? Not them. You a root of bitterness, you know, affects you. the person who's carrying it. We're not meant to be have a root of bitterness in our lives. We're meant to be the tree of life living out. Amen. Where there's mercy, where there's forgiveness, where there's salvation can flow, God can reach through our lives and get a hold of people. Amen. He says, you know, when someone says something evil about you and you want to take it up and get angry about it, that shows you haven't got quite deep enough yet with God. Big men don't do those things. That's what made him God to me. He was big. He didn't have to notice their little scoffing. He had a purpose. He had a work to do. And that was to fulfill what God had sent him to do. And he was determined to do it. He didn't care what anyone said, right? Yeah. We shouldn't worry about those things. Let's just walk on. We have a purpose. God want God wants to display his redeeming grace to the world through his bride. Amen. It says here about the so so this is the scripture brother Braram preaches when he talks about perfect faith. He says verily I say unto you or you know speaks about the power of the spoken word. He says uh that whatsoever ye shall say unto this mountain be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea and shall not doubt in his heart but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass. He shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, forgive. See, so so he takes he takes the power of the spoken word, right, and forgiveness and puts them one in the same thing, right? So if you want life and death, we know is in the power of the tongue. If you want life to be spoken in its full magnitude, forgive. Right? If you want the creative power of God to take a hold of your vocal cords and speak, forgive. Amen. If you have ought against any that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. So you don't go and say to people you've got um I've got ought against you. You forgive them. Just let it go. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. I want to be forgiven. I don't want no disappointment that day. Amen. You know because I'm holding on to some ridiculous thing upon the earth. I don't want no trouble at the river. Amen. Right. Why hold on to it? Let it go. Amen. Cuz blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. So we're having kind of a bit of a devotional this this morning. Is that okay? We're kind of just journeying through this. We're going to be finished quite soon. Amen. So So if you're merciful, you shall obtain mercy. Who wants mercy? Me. You guys want mercy, right? Well, be merciful. Let mercy flow out of your life. If you're holding grudges or anything against anyone, you're not you you can't be merciful. You say, "Well, you don't know what they've done done to me." I'm not diminishing what anyone has done to anyone, but you know what they did to him. And yet, he freely forgave because he knew they did not know what they're truly doing. And I think that it's exactly the same thing with when people hurt us or misunderstandings rise or anything, they people because of humanity, we really don't realize what we're doing when those things happen. So, we got to look beyond the flesh and forgive. You know, Brother Bram says this here. If you want to be a blessing and get a blessing. Yep. Anyone? When a man has done you wrong, and he absolutely justly, I mean, he has done you wrong and you know that he's done you wrong, he's done you evil, don't mention that. You take him to prayer before God. So, don't even mention it. Take him before prayer before God. And don't take it in a way of just a selfish and say, "Well, I'm supposed to do this." But stand with your shoulder to his shoulder and stand the prince of God our father. Away prayer should be made the prince of God. Say father here's my brother and he is justly. He deserves punishment because he's done me evil. I and I don't see why he did it. Then let God go to talking to you. You say, "Well, do I have to get into a state of prayer where God comes down that I'm in the presence of God. I can see things clearly." Where is the presence of God? Is it not in here? Is he not in your soul? Then you're always in the presence of God. Right? So because why? because the blood has been applied. So now you can look at people and say well you know then then you can lift them before the throne here and and you'll see maybe uh uh sorry and then let God go to talking to you and you'll see maybe what that man's been through. The devil has twisted him up somewhere and caused him to do that though he's absolutely wrong before you leave the throne of God. You'll be feeling sorry for that man. Amen. You'll be sympathizing with that brother and when you get back down there earth again, you'll go over to that brother and shake his hand cuz you know what he's been through. You can't stand with a mortal in the presence of God and condemn anybody. Amen. He doesn't say you go over to that brother and tell them what they've done. No, you go shake his hand. You'll show him some love and care. Amen. I don't believe. No, sir. Even if he's a ranked sinner. And what about a brother that's made a mistake? Though I say he's wrong, sometimes he's accused wrong when he's not wrong. But if he is wrong, well, if he if we will take him to the throne of God, stand there shoulderto-shoulder with our brother, know that he's immortal, and maybe his destination rests upon our attitude towards him. You know, the power you hold. Life and death is in the power of your tongue. Your attitude could could you think about that? Maybe I should just had that on the screen by itself. Our attitude towards anyone can determine their eternal destination. So attitude should be, I love that person. They're on their journey. They're flesh and blood like you and me. Jesus died for them like he died for us. Amen. We all It's all the grace of God. You know, even if they never see what you see or believe what you believe. Just encourage them along the way anyway. Be nice to everyone. Don't be Mr. Grumpy Pants. Be friendly. Be known as a friendly nice person. Amen. And when we come back to the throne of God, we realize that we're everyone guilty and we all need help one from another. And the best way to do is pray. We all need help one from another, right? We all need mercy to flow one to another, right? And all we need is help. Um now these great principles, the great church of the living God. He says it wouldn't have to say, well, we're all belong to this organization or that one. If we would unite in heart, one accord, there'll be a revival strike this world like there's never been. If the people who has the Pentecostal experience would just unite in heart together, let the denominations run any way they want to, what difference does these little frictions and so forth. I mean, it's just the devil trying to keep the great church in a turmoil all the time. So, frictions that rise up. It's the devil trying to keep us in turmoil all the time to try and stop what God really wants to do. I say, let's let the friction go. You have any order against anyone, just let it go. put it under the blood. Some people like friction and drama. I don't do that kind of thing. I'm like not a drama person. I don't need some stress and some tension and some big thing blowing up and the fallout and all these things. I'm not really interested in that kind of stuff. And I believe someone who truly has the prince of peace on their throne does not like drama. Doesn't need some cause to fight against and someone to be an enemy and all these things. No, we like peace, don't we? Amen. So, so why why let friction be ramped up into something so big, some kind of, you know, event that escalates into World War II? Let's just let it go because it's just the devil trying to keep us in turmoil. We don't need to be in turmoil. You realize if there's trouble going on, it's the enemy trying to do it or is doing it. You got to withstand him. After all, in Acts 10:35, it's written that God had no respect of persons or nations. He has honor of those who serve God do righteous. You see, uh, we know that's true. So, I just want to maybe we just have the musicians this morning if you want to come. I just want to sum sum this up and ask you a question. What is coming out of your heart? Is it judgment? Is it wanting to hold things over people to try and make them bow down or you feel superior or, you know, being judgmental? gossip at all these kind of things, condescending looks and attitudes. Or is it love, mercy, and grace that you care for one another? Doesn't matter what the person's done to you, you love them anyhow. You've forgiven them. Sure, you may feel hurt, but you want to see them on the other side. You don't hold it against them, and God is bringing healing into your life. What side do you want? Do you want to be like Jesus? Divine character, right? that even even in front of your greatest enemies, you can say, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. I want to be like him." I want there more than anything to be the blood applied that mercy can flow. Amen. So, I trust we all feel that way this morning. Let's let it all go. Amen. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. Is that Is that amazing grace? That's a good song. Let's sing that. I think you know who's who's experienced his amazing grace. It becomes amazing when you experience it. Amen. He saved a rich like me. Amen. He took me, washed me, cleansed me, filled me with his presence. Amen. Set me out into the world that he can reach others. Amen. He can live through a people. That his word is not a concept anymore. It becomes a tangible reality that's lived out. Amen. So, so if Christ for so for Christ to have the preeminence in our life, what does that look like? You love everybody. You don't hold a grudge. Amen. You're quick to forgive. You intercede for those who do wrong against you or against anyone. You don't you don't take sides. You don't get angry. No, you let God live. That that's to me the word having preeminence. In spite of what's going on in life, you trust the Lord. You know he's in control and he'll see you through. Amen. Let's go for this. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind. But now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relieved. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy gra unending love. Amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. He will my shield and wash me. as long as I [Music] [Music] Amazing. [Music] as God is respon [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] I miss [Music] myior [Music] [Music] Amazing. [Music] My chain my chain. I've been set free. My God, my savior has ransome. What? His mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. [Music] And the earth shall soon dissolve like snow and the sun for bear. But God who called me here below will be forever mine. You will be will be forever mine. Lord, you are [Music] my ch [Music] I got my [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] ch [Applause] [Music] my savior has ransome and like Love his mercy reign. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Amazing grace. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. Oh no, I won't hunger anymore at his table. I will feast at the table. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. Oh no, I won't hunger anymore [Music] at his table. Come all you weery. Come all you weery. Come and find. His yoke is easy. His burden in life. For he is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. Oh no, no, no. [Music] at his table. There's peace at the table. There is peace at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. all and I won't worry anymore at his table. Come you. Come we come and find if your kids is easy and he is able. He will restore and save. [Music] Come all you we come all you we come and find life. He is able. He will restore at the table. [Music] [Applause] There is healing at the table of the Lord. There is healing at the table of the Lord. Oh no. And I won't suffer anymore [Music] at his table. Let's do that one more time this morning. There is healing at the table. There is healing at the table of the Lord. There is healing at the table of the Lord. Oh, no. No. I won't suffer [Music] at his table. Let's do that one more time. There is healing at the table of the Lord this morning. There is healing at the table of the Lord. There is healing at the table of the Lord. Oh no, no, I won't suffer anymore. Oh no. At his table. Come all you weery. Come all you weery. Come and find his yoke is easy and his bread and [Music] he is a he will restore and say [Music] come you we come you coming [Music] alive. He is a hero. He will restore at the table. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. [Music] I'm invited to the table of the Lord. He says, "Come just as you are to his table." [Music] I'm invited to the table. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. I'm invited to table. [Music] He says come just as you are to his table. Come all you we come all you we come and fight [Music] is easy. [Music] He is a He will restore and [Music] [Applause] come all you. Are you we [Music] [Music] are he is he will resto [Music] You weery, come all you weery. [Music] Come and find. His yoke is easy. His blood and life. For he is aable. He will restore at the table. of alone cuz I know what it's like [Music] to be in the presence of the Lord. not know what time it is because time [Music] bodies were healed. [Music] families restored [Music] because we stay here in the presence of the Lord. [Music] No one had to say a word. [Music] Couldn't even make a sound. [Music] I'd give up everything for this treasure I found. I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. [Music] I say say I don't want you to go [Music] cuz my heart is burn in your praises Lord. Oh, please won't you say [Music] I don't want you to go cuz my heart is [Music] your presence Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] I want more. I want more. [Music] Jesus, I want more. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray together this morning. Almighty God, we want more of you, Lord. Father, there's just something about you, Lord. Hallelujah. Truly, you're our satisfying portion, but we want more. We're so thankful for you, dear God. I pray, Father, for everyone here, those who may be watching, Lord. May we all be a place where your mercy can flow out of, Father. Lord God, that the truly the blood would be applied, Father. your life would live out of us, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. That Lord, your divine character, your divine nature would be living through us, Lord Jesus. And this would be more than a theory or an idea or something to even argue about, but it'll be a living reality, Lord God. Live through us, Lord. Come take us these vessels of clay and live through it, Lord Jesus. Father, for your glory, that you can touch the lost, Lord. You can heal the sick, dear God. You can you can give strength to the weary, my God. You can mend the brokenhearted, Lord. You can fulfill your word. Granted, dear God. Lord, we love you so much. We thank you for this day. We ask you to dismiss us with your blessing, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] [Applause] Why have some dead night? [Music] [Applause] [Music] One have some [Music] dead The lame will walk, the lost strong. And with new life, the dead are away. All through the power Jesus, [Music] it's time rest sick. I hear the mysteries of how God [Music] and now the truth can be all through the power Jesus name. is the name above all name. Savior and thou. Every evil bound and every dark conf. [Music] Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. the T. The hungry f and those who are comforted. The chains are broken that have been slain. We're offered freedom in Jesus name. He's the name above all name. And now everything around every [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Every [Music] time the name [Applause] is Jesus there is power. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] You never know. There is for your [Music] power. [Applause] Jesus name. [Music] Jesus name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confident. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. For he's the name. He's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. [Music] Give ear to my word, oh Lord, and consider my meditation. Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my king and my God. For unto thee will I pray. My voice shalt thou hear in the morning. Oh Lord, in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look. Steadfast love, the steadfast love of the Lord never cease. His mercies never come to an end. Lay on you every morning. You every [Music] great is thy faith. [Music] Praise is thy faithfulness as we gather. As we gather, may your spirit move. And as we gather, may we glorify your name. Knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we will be blessed as we can. We will remain steadfast love. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
