################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-16 - 25-0316am - The Great Escape - Joel Brown - Joel Brown - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-16
Title:   25-0316am - The Great Escape - Joel Brown
Speaker: Joel Brown
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tadXjv7R2cA
========================================

When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Wonderful Savior. Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fails us. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. With no more powerful, our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Come down from his glory. He gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Hallelujah. And when you're in trouble, Jehovah Nissan, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for all that should make us so happy. Not the way you think, the way you should be. L Jehovah just love to stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, can you praise him? Our God is tremendous fails. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is mighty. He ses angels. to God. Hallelujah. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Come down from his glory. Gave us a victory. The greatest love story. Let's sing that verse one again. Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. He won't forget you. He's my companion and my best friend. The only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior, the lion of Judah, the lion. Hallelujah. Oh, our God is his friend never fails us. He goes to the father of he is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. There's no [Music] charity in God glory and gave us a victory. The greatest story. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never fails us. He goes through the fire just to save the sick and hurt. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. My God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Come down from his glory and gave us a victory. the greatest of story. [Applause] Praise God. Thank for this opportunity give us come together to worship again. I was thinking when brother said that he could remember me by always losing something. I thought long as I don't lose my soul, the rest of that could be replaced. So, but I'm thankful for amen. Well, thank God for us all being here together, you know, and just seek to find God and hold fast to him cuz he won't leave us if we don't leave him. That's right. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Thank you. 1 Corinthians verses 1-13. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this day, you have given us to come together to worship. Father, we pray that all things that we may have in our life that shouldn't be, God, that you would take them away. Lord, let us seek you, Father, and ask you to guide and lead us. Father, let our souls be resting in your word, Father, and let us hold fast unto that, God. For you, you promised that you would give us if we would accept you. You said you would that that all men would be saved. And that's what Lord, we are seeking today. Father, whatever we do, God, we love you and pray God, please forgive us and bless us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. 1 Corinthians 13:es 1-13. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels and have not charity, I am become a sounding brass or a tinken symbol. I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge. And though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profited me nothing. Charity suffers long and is kind. Charity hideth not. Charity long not itself is not doth not believe itself seemingly seeketh not her own is not easily provoked nor thinkketh no evil not in iniquity but rejoices in truth and beareth all things and believeth all Hope all things endureth all things. Charity never faileth. But wheecies, they shall fail. Where there be tongues, they shall cease. Whe it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come that in part shall be perfect. When I was a child, I spoke as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I become a man, I put away childish things. Face to face. Now I know in part as also I am known. And now I faith, hope, charity. These three are the greatest. These is charity. Amen. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Amen. You know, the Bible is a love letter to us and it's full of love. Sometimes there's those chapters you go to like 1 Corinthians 13 to kind of line things back up of what love is and we appreciate that about God is so mindful to know those things. Does anyone have a special song this morning? You know, sometimes we try to let people know, but if you have one on your heart, just let me know. And um but we'll continue singing and then we may uh ask a little later. Amen. Let's um let's sing that um let's sing that chorus in moments like these in the key of C. Oh, in moments like these I sing out a song. Oh, I sing out a love song to [Applause] Jesus in moments. [Music] Oh Lord, I lift up my hands. Yes, I lift up my hands to you, Lord. Singing I love you. Oh, do you love him this morning? Singing I love you, Lord. [Music] singing, "I love you, Lord. I love you." [Music] Oh, in this moment like these, I sing out a song. Yes, I sing out a love song to Jes. Oh, he loves you this morning. In moments like these, oh, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to you, Lord. I'm singing. I love you, Lord. Singing, [Applause] "I love you, Lord. I'm singing. I love you, Lord. I love you." Hallelujah. Amen. So now for these next two songs, I want everybody to stand up. If you're not awake this morning, we're fing to get you awake. Amen. How many want to lift Jesus higher? We hadn't sung this song in a while. And there's some hand motions that go with it, too. So the hand motions is higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. But what's the opposite of that? Lower. Lower. We're going to stomp the devil lower. You got to stomp those devils in your life. You can't let it overcome you. You got to overcome them. And how do you do it? What did what was uh what did God tell Abraham? Wherever you put your feet, that's possession, right? And then we're going to cast Yep. cast our burdens onto Jesus. For what does he do? He loves you. He cares for you. He wants to know everything about your life. Okay, so let's do this together. Amen. Oh, higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Oh, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Get those hands up. Lift Jesus high. What we're going to do to the devil? Oh, lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Stop. Sat lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower. Oh, lower, lower. Stop Satan. Lower. Lord, we're going to Oh, cast your burdens onto Jesus. Oh, for he cares. He loves you for you. You and you car your burdens. unto Jesus for he cares for you. Oh, do you love that this morning? Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, lift Jesus. Higher and lower, lower, lower, lower, lower. Lower, lower. Stop Satan. Lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower. Oh, Lord. Stop Satan and lower. So cast your burden. Oh, unto Jesus. Oh, he cares for you. You and you. Cast your burden onto Jesus for he cares for you. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, we have another one this morning. So, don't sit down. There's no one There is no one like Jesus. Now, this one gets you in motion. I've walked all around. You got to walk in place. I know you can't move. It's pretty crowded in here. I've turned all around. Okay, you got to turn around. There's a lot of people turn their lives around because of him. They turn things around. You turned around. And I've searched all over. I went to Google. I went to the library. And there's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, like him. There's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. I walked and walked all over. I turned around all over. I searched around all over. There's no one. There's no one. Let's do it again. Oh, I walked around. All over. Over. I turned around all over. I searched around. Oh, there's no one. There's no one. There's no one like me. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. Oh, no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. I walked around. No. I walked around all over. I turned around. All over. I searched around all over. There's no one. There's no one like him. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no like no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. No one there's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like [Music] you. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Appreciate all of you coming. As brother Joseph said, as I catch my breath, that uh we had a good time yesterday. We had a good time yesterday. Thank all y'all for coming. Uh we we had a lot of people here. A lot of y'all weren't here, but uh we had a good time in the Lord. And uh we're going to have the next fellowship meeting at brother Tony Yuboas in June down at his place at Six Flags. And um today uh well, let's next Sunday. Uh, the reason we're going to change up and not go down to my house and shoot up my house, as brother Ryan said, we're going to have a baby dedication next Sunday, which will be uh, Brother Zach and Sister Anna's baby Emerson. And then we're going to have a baptism service. Amen. Sister Zoe Ureo. So, we're going to heat the pool up. So, if anybody else, if you've been waiting and waiting, you want to be baptized, that pool will be warm and ready to go. Won't matter what the temperature is outside, it'll be warm and ready to go. And we'll baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus. It doesn't matter if the pool's not working. We'll find a way to do it. So, um, just remember that. That'll be next Sunday. Also, remember today we're going to afterwards the service we're going to go downstairs and eat. Uh, there should be enough for everybody. I know some of you brought stuff. That's okay. But the sisters were so gracious to make enough for us to eat yesterday and today and then we will make it to the park. Uh the address was up on the screen. If you need another address, um we'll give it to you. But it's down at the park where we're going to have the uh spring festival in April and it will be at 3:00. 3:00. Now there's some of you that signed up downstairs. If you have children, this is not playtime. Is everybody with me? Your kids are not going to run around. I'm telling you, you kids are not going to run around. I'll be the daddy cuz it's serious. But y'all wanted to I want us everybody to understand that we're doing this to help you for your protection and not hurt yourself if some something arises. But it's not for kids to run around and grab things. If you got a kid below 16 years old, you sit beside them. All right. You sit with them and you make sure you keep them under control. That's why also next Sunday we're not going to I talked to the instructor and when we go down to my house and shoot my house up. We're only going to take so many at a time because then that's going to be live ammunition. So, we can't have 30 people running around. We're only going to take like 10 at a time or eight at a time. And then we'll do it every Saturday or Sunday until we get till we get finished. But that's the that's the part that's really um I'm telling you when that dad always told us he said when that bullet goes out of that barrel at 3500 to 4,000 ft per second it can't come back. That's right. That's right. Exactly. It goes to where it's pointed. Right. It don't go back. So we going to but we I don't we've handled them all of our life. Um if you're scared of them that's okay. That's all right. But this is just voluntary. If you don't want to come, that's okay. But we're going to eat downstairs and then be at the park at 3:00, which means we'll need to leave here at least by 2ish 2:30 to get down there in time. All right. Is everybody all minds clear? Ready to hear the word of God? Brother Joel did a wonderful job yesterday and we are expecting another good sermon today and we're expecting the Lord to meet us here. All right. You brought a little piece of him with you, but we are now joined together. Amen. And we're going to stomp that devil all over. All over. You know, brother, brother Duck Scott made a statement one time. His dad died of cancer. And he said, "When we get there to that judgment part," he said, "I want to stomp that cancer devil myself." That's how much he hated that devil of cancer. And we don't we don't like devils. We like Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. because he's the number one theme of our life should be centered around. Yes. As as brother Bob was talking about in the different ones talking about um uh in your home being uh taking Christ not out of the home but take him out of the home with you and come to church but you got to take him right back down to to the house. And that's where you live where the rubber meets the road as they always say. And that's where the that's where the real witnessing is. So God bless you again. Love you. downstairs. We'll eat and then we'll take off at 3:00 down there at City Park. So, let's sing word of God ever true as brother Joel Brown comes from brother Donnie Reagan's church up in Johnson City and bring a message to us. Holy words long reserved for our wall in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. It gives us strength and helps us home in this world. Wherever we roll, what's going to happen? The word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true changing me. I hope he changes you today. You change your life with open heart. Oh let the word of [Applause] God and holy words. Our faith is handed down to this age to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ and holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. may resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God, ever true is changing me, is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart [Music] the words of life being imparted to his people. Not only imparted to but imparted into in order that his people can become who he is. And that is our true identity. Whatever you've attached yourself to or whatever you think that you are, you're to become Jesus Christ in the flesh. Amen. Hallelujah. My goodness, God is good to us, saints. You may be seated just a moment. Just uh you just don't understand the the position a a minister gets into sometimes. I just and if such as myself, I I'll just say this in humility and it's just who I am, but I don't consider myself a singer. I'm just somebody who sings and and when it comes time to sing, all these songs just float through my head and I'm trying to catch one as they come and then I forget the words and all that. But um just want to say I love you in the Lord and it's good to be here. Good to to have the invitation to come and to speak the words of life that we were just um um uh singing about. And I am nothing within myself but simply who I am. Yes. And I pray that uh words can be spoken today that would be an encouragement to you. Thanks to brother Dale for the invitation to come and the the um the first lady of not only the church but of Gillsville, you know, you know, she got a position, got a place all because her husband drug her into it, I'm sure. Did y'all hear her say amen? Amen. God's glory. Amen. But it truly is good to be here and I once again give you greetings from brother Donnie and the saints back home and uh from my wife. I know she knows u few of you here and she wanted me to be sure and tell you all hello and she would have been with us. But uh we homeschool and she works full-time and it's just her her schedule's very very tight and and the weekend is her time to prepare for the following week and and I'll be out of town. We'll be traveling uh next week to South Carolina. Sister June has already told me that their time, your all's time here is her is your all's time is next time when I come. So, she has to come. So, I'll be sure to to put her on put her on that if if we can make that work. And it's I will say this, too. It's an honor to have two of my sons with me as well, traveling with me. That truly has always been a dream of mine. and just to to to have my children to come with me when they got old enough to take care of themselves and I wouldn't have to worry well you wouldn't have to worry about them you know while they're while I'm not around and and mom there to corral them or something but they're they're and my oldest one uh stayed back he just started school and he's busy and trying to find himself and still loves the Lord and and just um uh but um he's on that journey of becoming a man and and so uh just when you think of the Brown family just pray for us. Amen. And because we're no different than you all. We hurt like you all hurt. We have struggles and trials and like everybody else and you know we're we're no different in that regard. So, but when you think of us, just pray for us and uh that the Lord would just uh keep us stable that the Lord would just keep us in in line with his word and in the serving the purpose that he has for us. So, uh but again, we just love you and uh this this song has been on my heart. I just want to sing it. I'm not sure what key it is, but uh just a simple song. You may even know it. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. worthy of is your [Music] name. It was my cross you bore so I could live in the freom you died for. Now my life is yours and I will sing of your goodness forever more. Worthy is your name. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. name. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your [Music] name. And now my shame is gone. And I stand amazed in your love you have died for. [Music] Your grace goes on and on. And I will sing of the goodness you died for. Worthy is your name. Stand with me. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy, worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. One more time. Worthy is your name. You're worthy, Lord. We give you honor and glory, Father God. You deserve the praise. You're worthy. Worthy. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Amen. He's worthy. Amen. He's worthy. If you have your Bibles, I want to read from uh three scriptures. I want to read from First Corinthians. I thought my brother was going to take my text this morning uh there a moment ago, but uh even if he had, it would have been great. Um 1 Corinthians, it's not up. Gotcha. Okay. Great. Thank you. It's good. Okay. 1 Corinthians 10, then James 1, and then Psalms 107. So 1 Corinthians 10 verse 13, there hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man. But God is faithful. Who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able, but will with the temptation, watch, watch the mercy, the grace, the providence, the love, the tenderness of God, but will with the temptation make also a way to escape that we may be able to bear it. Amen. Let's read that again. There hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man. But God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able, but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it. James 1 verse 12. James 1 verse 12. Blessed is the man that endureth temptation. So you going to be tried. You will be tempted. Amen. Tempted by what? I have no clue. That's right. But the Bible says in all points. For when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, a gift from God during the time of temptation. That's a mighty tender thing. Amen. Which the Lord hath promised to them that love him. James 1:21. Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls. Psalms 107 verse 19 and 20. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. Wow. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. My goodness. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we truly count it an honor to be able to stand before your purchased ones today. And we know that they here at Spoken Word Tabernacle, the spoken word church here, they're not the only ones, but they're a part of a many membered body that's scattered, littered around the entire world. And all of us together, Father, we're longing for your return. And until that time, we gather in places like this. We come to houses of worship. We come to these tabernacles, these churches, these these places of worship where we can, as I was saying just last night, to bring our licks of fire. And Lord, our fire is still burning when we're out in the world. But it seemingly, Lord, it's a little more of a test, Lord, to to to to refuel at times because, as we were just saying, we're we're tempted and we we're distressed and but Lord, we still have that fire, but you've given us a place that we can come and assemble together to gain strength to even let off the pressures the prophet has told us. And so Lord, we want to do that today that that you've already initiated or orchestrated or purposed for us to do. If there would be some here today, someone Lord that's longing for more of you. Maybe someone that doesn't know you in that free pardon of sin. I pray that you would just find a place on the pew beside them and just settle up close to them and just gently let your presence, oh God, envelop them. Oh God, may you fill this room today by your presence. We love you. We honor you. We adore you. And it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. And I want to be conscious of your time today. Um I know you all have some things to do and I've got a few miles to get behind me to get back home and got to get up early for work in the morning about 4:30 or so, you know. So, um but here we have no continuing city, but we're seeking one to come. I I want to just um take your thoughts and and if I can just borrow in the time that I have of yours to just a little thought the Lord dropped in my heart some time ago. The great escape. The great escape. We were just talking about how there's uh times of uh distress and temptations and and and things that are upon us and and many times when we get in a tight when we get in a situation we think there's no way I can get out of this. That's right. you know, and we think, "What am I going to do?" But the Bible has promised us that when we are tempted, there there isn't a temptation that you haven't ex that you're not experiencing, that someone else hasn't experienced before. But in that time, the Bible's promised us that he would make a way for us to escape. Now, the thing is, we have to have a desire to get out of that situation. Amen. We can stay where we are and and be comfortable where we are or even fight what we're fighting. But the Bible, the word of God has promised us that he would give us a way of escape even in those times that we have created something that's caused distress and chaos and and craziness in our life. And as brother Juel for so often says, we get the wy wowy woos and it ain't no one's fault but yours. You're the one to blame. You can't blame it on mama. Can't blame it on the pastor. It's your fault. But but but the Bible says that there will be a way of escape. And James 1:21, I I love that word superfluity. I'm a word guy. I like words. I majored in English in college. And I will say this while I mention that, my school loans have been paid off. So I feel no more justification to try to justify my degree. You know, I work at a factory. I'm an old factory worker, you know. Uh but I I did have a desire to to go into education and and to to get into administration and all that. But my my my my course shifted when I met Jesus Christ. I was in college at the time when I met the Lord. I was up in Virginia. In fact, brother Homer Frasier uh there, Brother Ronh Spencer's father-in-law, I was the the college was there in the nearby town and and that's where I was in church. Well, of course, I grew up in church with uh some of the old-timers may remember brother Kyle Kzer, Brother Sam Kzer. That's where I grew up in in a place called Gayax and in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia. Uh but when I was about 12 years old, I got a little knuckle in my neck and I didn't want to go to church anymore, you know, and and just, you know, and and you know, just just going through life, just my testimony, a little bit of my testimony, but when I was in college and and to me, it's probably one of the most trying and worsted places to give your life to the Lord at. That's right. Amen. Because you're in an environment, I'm going be talking about environments in a moment, but you you're in an environment where the mom and daddy's not there. You're free to do whatever you want to do, but the Lord got a hold of me first. Amen. In my pack of friends, the fellas as we're known. And and we we're still tight. That's been 30 years ago now. And and we're we're still, you know, friends, but I was the oldest of the crew. And and and so I it was in um uh January before my my 21st birthday. So, I was the the one getting ready to approach that magical hour. Now, y'all look at here me. Look at me like you cute if you want to, but I was turning 21 and I was ahead of the pack. So, I was going to be able to They were saying, "Go, Joel. Go get there. Hurry up." But God got to me in January. My birthday is in April. God to me in January before it. He stopped that development. And I say, "Praise God." Praise the Lord. Cuz who knows where where would I be? what what what would I you know and and and so I I praise God for that for that very thing but but I like words but that word superfluity I'm not sure if you've uh looked at it looked at it before to to understand what the meaning would be but it simply means wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness and receive with meekness the engrafted word so it it it it's always amazing to me that the the the the image that people when they give their life to the Lord and they become come Christians the image that they they or the the uh again I'm a word person I'm always trying to grasp words but the the the position they try to project and and what they want to portray to people that that they're fancy and they're wonderful and they're above sin bless but the Bible right here says filthiness and superfluity that word superfluity means residue the remains listen the wickedness remaining over in a Christian from his state prior to conversion. So, there's some stuff that's still hanging on even when you become a Christian. And there are things that continue to dangle on your life, you cute folk, you don't want to admit it, but it's there. Until this thing is changed, we're going to have trouble. Huh? Until this thing is changed, we're going to have trouble. But the Bible says we have been made away and given away to escape. But the wickedness remaining over in a Christian from his prior state to conversion. But my thought again was the great escape. So we find within the message uh the invasion of the USA, the prophet places it this way. He says whatever an environment you live in, that's what you are. Yes. Now the spirit of an environment is what attaches itself and captivates our attention, right? The spirit of an environment, you know, and and we may be um uh uh just maybe like it was with Lot, you know, the environment that he was in, the Bible says it vexed his righteous soul. It vexed him daily. And I often wondered why in the world he stayed there. It vexed him daily. The Bible says in in 2 Peter uh 2 and8 it says that and for that righteous man dwelling among them in in in seeing and hearing vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds. So day in and day out he was vexed by the things his environment. Why didn't he just leave? He got comfortable with his job. Yeah. Come on. He didn't want to go where God was leading him to go. Huh? I'm comfortable here, Lord. I don't want to move from Lula. I want to stay in Georgia. I don't want to go. The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations. That's what Peter goes on to say. But it's the the it's the spirit of an environment that captivates the individual. Now, the thing is in order for for you, for me, for a person to be affected by the environment that we are in, and I'm just building a foundation, and I promise I won't be long. I'm just going to just try to encourage you here today. They must come under the influence of a spirit that they they they have to come you and I have to come under a spirit of that environment that influence that gives life to that particular environment. Right? And you know we we know the prophet talked about different countries have different spirits and and different different uh nations have different spirits. Different churches have different spirits. Homes have different spirits. You as an individual have a different spirit. Right? Mhm. And that that makes you particular, right? So the the the prophet said everything is governed by a spirit. So in in the message what the Holy Ghost was given for each person sitting here is filled with something. You're filled with something. You can't sit there without being full of something. Full full of something. You've got a life in you. That life governs you. And that life is governed by a spirit. Yeah. Right. Amen. A spirit. Now before destruction could come to the antid-dolivian world, the antidolivian world had to be in the spirit of destruction. Amen. Before war can come, there has to be a spirit of war. Huh? Before Christ will come, there has to be the spirit of Christ. So if you want the word, if you want the fullness, if you want God to come to you, you have to get in the spirit of God. Amen. Now, a person may hate and and despise the very environment that they're in. But the spirit of that environment is what attaches itself to that person. Amen. Because you could be in a situation right now and hate it. But if you camp out too long, you're going to find yourself you becoming uh the embodiment the necess the necess the the necessary thing that that spirit needs to function in that environment. You understand what I'm saying? If if if you camp out long enough like we was talking about Brand Brother Brandham called her the dance queen, Nelly Sanders and and she found herself out on the dance floor in the arms of that man but she'd given her life to the Lord. What happened? She stayed in that environment too long and she become captivated by the anointing that was in that environment because we're in this world but we're not of this world. It influences their course of life. That spirit and whether or not that person stays. Whether or not you or me stay on that course will depend upon if we encounter another environment more powerful than the one currently holding us captive. Amen. That word environment means the circumstances, the objects or conditions by which one is surrounded. What are you surrounded by today? What's giving you uncction? What's influencing you? I pray it's the spirit of God. So when we read I I I just want to just for a moment when we read in the scriptures just think about this that that I think that it's important for us to to to look at the context in which the scene is set in that particular scripture. And then when we when we see that scene and and look at that context, we are able to draw a parallel to our own life. Right. Right. That's that's how we can able to take and read this word and put oursel in the word because we see the context of what's going on. And what do we do? We we we I want to encourage you to do that. Just put yourself in the context of that scripture and run that parallel as a body of believers. I think that's essential. And with this this context, many times we find that we we we come to call or find rather our quote favorite scripture. Yeah, that's my favorite scripture. What have you done? You put yourself within the context of that particular scripture, right? And that scripture might be something that will give you encouragement when you when you're down and weary. Or it might bring inspiration to you to get you through a difficult situation and give you courage. Or it might be a scripture that will cause to you to remember who you were before you became who you are now. Right? Good. Galatians 2:18 says, "For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor." So something that you through the power of God, the anointing drops down on you and you take that word and you say, "Amen." And immediately that thing that was holding you captive was gone, was obliterated. But the Bible says, "If I build again, the thing which I destroyed," right? Huh? You can't point your finger at God and say, "God, you did this." No, you built it back up. You let that little lady back in your life. You let that little wiggly guy come back in your life, have that influence on you. Hear me? Amen. Huh? Amen. Amen. Right. It's just a gentle reminder that this old flesh cannot be trusted. So, with this contextual perspective in mind, I want us to use, if I can, the story of the children of Israel for a moment. Amen. the nation of Israel, God's people. They were chosen among all the people upon the face of the earth. They had become sold into bondage in the land of Egypt. Amen. God's people in that condition. Sold into bondage. So they couldn't help being there because the predestinated plan of God had sent them there. The tender hand of Jehovah. Amen. The ways of God can never fully be understood. That's why we just simply say yes sir and amen. Amen. Simply take God at his word and just go on because sometimes we we we're not called to understand it. Quite frankly, I don't want to fulfill every this all of this word is not for me. That's right. All of it's not for me. I don't want to fulfill everything in here. But guess what? Everything that I am supposed to that's exactly what I want to do. I want to find everything in this word that's that I'm called to fulfill and I want to live under that uncction and under that purpose because God told Abram Abram that they would sojourn in a strange land for 400 years in an environment. The words were spoken time marched on and the word became manifest and we find God's people enslaved. Watch this. In the message Jehovah Gyra in in in 1962, if the Egyptian men wanted to ravage the young Hebrew girls, nothing could be said. If they wanted to kill the young men, they killed them. Nothing could be said. They were slaves. They throw them out by their out their moldy bread and they eat it or do without. Complain, killed. What a place for the people of God. Amen. What a place, brother Wayade, that many times Christians, believers, followers of this message, what a place they get themselves into, being led around by the devil. Amen. Amen. Where he says go, you go. What he says do, you do. That's right. And still the identity of a Christian, of a believer, right? Still being led because why? They are under the influence of an environment of a spirit that's over that particular environment. So we find God's people in this environment called Egypt. Egypt sights, Egypt sounds, Egypt food, Egypt customs, Egypt music, Egypt fashions. Leona, here we are. Huh? It's not so much that you like your name brand stuff. There's a spirit behind that thing. Amen. Come on, brother. I challenge you. Whatever you like, whatever your brand is, whatever it may be, search the history on it. Find out where it originated. Come on, brother. And then if you can still wear it, I would question your walk. Come on, brother. You said, "Brother Jo, what we going to wear?" Find you something else to wear. Yeah. Huh? I know. I know. Y'all got to look cute and all that stuff. Yeah. get dressed up and looks look look fine and whatever the kids say today. I don't even know. I can't keep up with it. And they living in my house. I still can't keep up with it. So for 400 years, every every look and at every turn there was Egypt, right? Everywhere. Smells the smells of Egypt, the sights, the images, everything, everywhere. For 400 years, the devil was around. Amen. But God says, "I will make a way of escape." Remember, whatever an environment you live in, that's what you are. Amen. Whether you think that you're not, that whatever, that's what the prophet says. Whatever environment you're in, that's what you are. Amen. Romans 7:21 says, "I find in a law that when I would do good, what evil, evil is present." So, we're not going to we're not going to get away from evil until we get out of here. Amen. But you have to determine while we are here, this evil is not going to captivate me. This evil is not going to catch me. Amen. So Egypt in type is sin. So God's people had become sin. The environment that they were in caused them to be sin. But they could not stay in that condition. Amen. They couldn't remain under the in effects of this environment. So God came down to deliver his people from their what? from their sins. Amen. Amen. Exodus 3. And the Lord said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and I've heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters, for I know their sorrows, and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, to deliver them out of the hand of the devil. God has come down today, this day, the 16th of March, I believe it is. God has come down to deliver you out of your condition. and whatever is holding you and preventing you from living the way you know that you're supposed to live the way that mom and dad has told you the the foundation that they have established in their home. God is calling you today. You can live that life. Amen. And I've come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large unto a land flowing milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites and the Amorites and the Parizzites and the Hivites and the Jebusites. So God came down, but he sent a man. Yes, he did. Wow. Sent Moses. You said, "Well, Brother Joel, you just told me that that I can be delivered out of and God will take me out of the condition that I'm in." He has sent a man called Joel Brown. To let you know today that there is a way to get out of that condition that you're in. You don't have to live that way. You don't have to be under that bondage. Huh? Amen. You don't have to fall under the influence of that little girl. Why do I keep coming? My goodness. You don't have to fall under the influence of her. Amen. If you are not looking for character, I'm a great brother. Right. Amen. I know she may be a pretty little thing. Come on, brother. She might be. Yeah. And that's all well and good, but that beauty will fade. You better make sure that little girl has character. Young men, if you're here today and you're looking for a wife, I'm here to let you know you're not going to find Miss Perfect, Miss Queen, cuz I got her already. She's in my house. Yes, sir. I believe that. But get away from that thing. It's It's Oh, Lord. Brother Wade. I'm going to get in trouble. My goodness. It's appealing to the flesh. Yes. It Yes. But get away from it. It's going to take you straight to hell. Amen. So, God came down, but he sent a man, Moses. This was a precursor to the day when it would be fulfilled what had been told to Joseph. Matthew 1:21 says, "And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins." So since the fall in the garden, man has been separated from God. Watch this in the message warnings. And I I'm going to be reading a lot of quotes today. Just I just want to kind of sort of just settle in and just just to encourage you a little bit to let you know that that that God is still mindful of where you are and he still loves you and he wants you back. He wants you in position. Now, when Adam and Eve listened to the lie of the devil, how many's listened to the lie of the devil before? I'm going to be quiet for a minute. How many listened to a lie of the devil before? It's a good place to take a drink of water. Come on, brother. I didn't even look at you because I don't want you. I just wanted to hear you. I didn't want to see you. Amen. When they listen to the lie of the devil, the holy image of God left them. So, what happens when we listen to the lies of the devil? That image of God, that holy image of God leaves us. Leaves me by the way it leaves you. Amen. It left the prophet of God. Amen. I can remember one time just now when I'm saying this, I remember one time I think it was was uh little Rebecca. She was sick and they were they were in the car going somewhere. I'm just trying to recall it from memory. But but she she was sick and she was throwing up and and he mentioned Pepto-Bismol. So maybe you can find I don't remember where it is, but just just search Pepto or something. I think he says it that way. but she's sick. And he he pulls the car off to to sure where she can uh get a little air and all that. And he walks off off off to the side of the road and he begins to pray and and he he talked about how the spirit of God just begin to come down on him and he says, "Oh, I wish I felt that all the time. All the time." So, contrary to what many would try to get you to believe, the prophet did not live under that anointing all the time. Right, brother. Amen. That's just tuck tuck that in your pocket and just use it for later. So their fellowship of oneness with God was broken. The very minute they listen to the lie of the devil, that broke their fellowship. Right. Right. And the very minute that you listen to the lie of the devil, it'll break your fellowship. That's the very minute that you go out from the presence of God like she did is when you fail to take God's word just as it is. Amen. So when God says tada tada tada, then what do we need to be saying? Tada tada tada but no no there is no but we to say tada tada. Let's get in the rhythm that God has already established. And just simply march to that. So sin separated them from God. This is just simple little thought. But and from that time from that time from when when Adam and Eve did what they did all of humanity has felt the pain of this separation. Amen. And has stumbled through as as Romans says the motions of sin. Romans 7 and5 says for when we were in the flesh this for when we were in the flesh the motions of sins. So while we're in this flesh there's going to be sin. While we're here, there's still going to be things that we're going to struggle with, brother. Which were by the law did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death. Right? That's what the devil is after is to kill you, to take you down. Amen. Through the motions of sin. Sin means to simply miss the mark. Sin also means to wander from the path of uprightness and honor. to wander from the path of God. That's what sin means. You're walking on a straight and narrow path and you just begin to w I wonder what's over there. And God is calling us back straight ahead. So, it's time to get your senses about you today and get back on the path. Stop your wandering. Even stop your wondering. Come on, brother. Because it's leading us further into the grip of death. Amen. And when this happened, it started a war. But with that original thought, as he said, the holy image of God left them. But with that original thought, there's always something compelling them to do right. There's something on the end. You know as well as I do, there was something that's that's compelling you to you you to to to do what's right. I should not be doing this. I should not be looking at this. That's the spirit of God. Amen. Amen. H, brother. But this this is all we know, brother Wade, as far as knowing. Huh? This this this this this realm of time is all that we know. But we're being called. There's something on the inside of us telling us there's more. Amen. I think of the the the little story brother told about the little kite. I love to tell it, but he he came up on them the the little boy. The man came up on the little boy that was that was flying the kite. It was way off up in the sky beyond the clouds. He couldn't even see it. And he asked the little boy, "How do you know it's up there?" He says, "Every now and again, I feel a little tug. I feel a little something tugging and I know it's still up there. I know it's there." So something that little thing that's nudging you to do what's right. That's the spirit of God. Don't look at it the the the age that we're living in now will try to tell you that it's just coincidence or it's just science. And you know, the Bible says, "Search the scriptures. Search the scriptures. Don't search Google. That's right. Google's not your path to life. Wikipedia is not your path to life. Anybody can get on Wikipedia and make a statement. Huh? That's right. Started a war leading us back to that was right. So if there was a holy image of God that was a part of Adam and Eve, that image had to come from God. Yeah. And once that holy image left, then began the strain in all of humanity to begin trying to make the way back to that image. Eternal life. That's what I'm struggling. That's what I'm That's what I'm searching for. That's what I'm struggling to get to is eternal life. So we find ourselves even here in this day trapped in this horrible place surrounded by horrible conditions. Egypt everywhere we look. Leosa Leosa sites. Leodysian images. Leysian food. lay out of the sea and smells. All of these things are around us because of the environment that we're in. Horrible conditions. But the way back will not be without a fight. Amen. You will have to fight for every square inch. Amen. Every bit of territory that belongs to you as a believer, you going to have to fight for it. They became trapped. They were a prisoner. And once you realize who you are, nothing will stop you from trying to break free. Amen. Do you know who you are today? There should be nothing that will stand in your way. Sure, it's going to be tough. Sure, it's rough. Sure, you may face that thing again. But your objective, your goal, your determination. I've got to make it in. Amen. I've got to make it to heaven somehow. Yeah. Also, we see him revealed in Ruth and Boaz as a kinsman redeemer. How he had to come to be flesh. Who is this Melzdc? Now, we see the attribute sons of his spirit. I won't have time to really break into this, but this I just want to read it just to just to encourage you today. That's why I'm here. What I want to do today. We see the attribute sons of the spirit have not yet entered into the word form body, but a theophony. Yeah, the body is subject to the word and earnestly is waiting for the earnest change of the body. Now the difference between him and you as a son. See, he was at the beginning the word. He was at the beginning a word. That's the difference, the main difference between us and him. He was at the beginning of the word. And in more faith today, he came in and lived in that person of Melzdc. He said, "I want to go see how my children are doing." Amen. He just creates a body and steps into that body and comes into time. You can look upon him. We we saw him. We heard what he said when he was there with Abraham. Then later we never heard no more of Melzdc because he became Jesus Christ. Amen. Melazdc was the priest but he became Jesus Christ. Now you bypass that. Yes, sir. We bypass that h my because in that form he knowed all things and you have never been able to know that yet. You come like Adam like me. You became from you came from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. Amen brother. So these temptations that that's not uncommon. You came here to be tempted, to show to the world, those around you, the environment that you're in, the people that are in that environment with you, that you can and that not only you, but they also, if they get the spirit of Christ in them, can overcome these temptations. Amen. But when this life is finished here, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. That's where we go. That is the word. That's why this word is so important because this is what we are becoming. This is what we're coming back to. Amen. This revelation and the prophet says revelation can never to a true believer, revelation can never be overemphasized. So we have to have revelation. Not just reading a dead letter, but have revelation. If you don't understand it, God, help me to understand this because there's something in here that's telling me that I have an identity in this book. Amen. And I want to take on that image fully because I have a hell to fight. I have a God to glorify. I have a devil to look at in the face and says, "No, not today." Amen. My my my You think it was fun being on a college campus? Come on, brother. Come on. All those pretty Come on now. All those pretty little girls. But guess what? I had a big word that I like to use and it was called N O. How'd you like that? You thought I was going to say something profound, didn't you? It's just that simple. No. Right. Even I wrote a little song one time. People just nosy. Why don't you wear shorts? Why don't you do this? But it goes just people ask me when I when I uh let's see if I can pick it up. My goodness. I I may come up to it later, but but um just I've got God in my life and I got to let him show. That's why I don't let my legs show. People ask me when the summer rolls around, why don't you let your legs show? My goodness. But you it it it it was a it was a test. It was a trying time as a young man. The verility of life of youth. Huh? And the society, the world, the age of saying, "Sow your oats." Huh? You don't have any oats to sew. You're supposed to be sewing word. Word word. [Music] Because guess what? If you're sewing your oats, guess what's going to come up? Your crop that you planted. That's right. That's right. And then you going to be wanting the preacher lands on me. I did this. I You shouldn't have did it from the day forth. You should stop. Amen. Tuck it in your pocket. Take it for later. I tell my boys all the time, this is not so much for the here, but later. Hear me now, believe me later. Then we can look back and see what we done. I got to hurry now. We don't understand it. We have never become the word. We've just become the flesh man, not the word. And look clearly makes it clear. You will never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. That proves the predestination of God. See, you can't be the word unless you're a thought. Amen. Amen. You take it up with the prophet. I'm just reading what he said. You had to be in the thinking first. But you see, in order to stand temptation, you had to bypass the theophony. Right. H sure if I was in my theophony I wouldn't mind battling the devil. Yeah. I would man I wouldn't mind walking through Leosa. But here I bypass my theophony in order that I can stand. Amen. Amen. That I can stand in that life that God has called me into. You had to come down here in flesh to be tempted by sin. All the father given me will come to me and I'll raise them up at the last day. See, you had to be first. And then you see he come right down the regular line from attribute to before the foundation of the world. His name's put on the lamb's book of life. Then from that he became the word the theophony that could appear disappear and then he become flesh and return back again. I wish I had more time to break. Maybe brother way you can pick it up later. But resurrected the same body in a glorified condition. But you bypass the theophony and become flesh man to be tempted by sin. Amen. That's why you're here. Don't so much struggle God. Why are you letting me go through this? Because he wants you to see that in your flesh, in your body, you can, as he did, stand and look at that thing and overcome it. I'm talking about the simplicity of this gospel. I'm talking about the power of the blood of Jesus Christ. I wonder what the church next door is preaching about today. I wonder what the other churches around here are preaching about. They're probably getting prepared for Easter. Talking about how they're going to decorate and do all of these things. Go on, have your way, Cain. But look, when this body receives the spirit of God, this body receives the spirit of God. The immortal life inside of you, it throws this body in subjection to God. Amen. That's why it's so important to receive the spirit of God because this body will receive the the the spirit of God. And this immortal body possessing deity will be able to take that body and throw it into subjection to God. You said, "And you can't. You there's no way that you can." Yes, you're right. I can't live this life. You are exactly right. But the spirit that's in you, that immortal part that's in you, that is what can live this life. Amen. We are not in the word in its full form which is what we long for. Only death will bring us to that. We are on our way because we are becoming the word. Amen. And how are words built? One letter at a time. Y'all learn that putting the letters together. Amen. Think about it. When a when when a little child is learning to read, the anticipation of mom and dad and and and they'll be like, "Yeah, sound it out. Ah, say they're so excited because my baby's learning to talk." If we could just we could just view God today. Maybe somebody here is picking this up and he said, "Yes, you you're you're getting it. You're getting it. Come on. Come up but ju Jesus." Get all these words out. because he's wanting to hear the and see the evidence of what he's put inside of you. He knows it's in you. The power to live right is in you. And God himself knows it. You may not know it, but God himself knows it. Why? Because he put that life in you. Amen. The great escape, a resurrection only comes after there has been a death. You have to die out to who you think you are. who you are has to die. We talk about a resurrection. The only way a resurrection can take place is if there is a death. That's the only way. And the more we bring this body subject to the word, the closer we are coming to the fullness of the word. Amen. Being expressed in us, the word being expressed in us, through us, around us, because of us. Only then can we proclaim it is already started. The resurrection has already begun. Brother, the resurrection has already begun in you, sis. Why? Because you are proclaiming it with evidence following invisible union of the bride. How did you come to do this? You were deceived into it by your first marriage to your adulterous parent, Eve. It's no fault of your own. By your natural birth, you come after Eve who committed adultery. That's the reason you was born an adulteress. You were a sinner to begin with. Bless God, brother Joel. You don't know. my experience with the Lord. You come by way of Eve. See, you one of those cute folk. I just love He says, "No, it ain't your fault. You never did it." Because listen to this. I love This is one of my favorite quotes. And there's so many, but this is one of them. That little germ that was in you, listen, that little germ that was in you was to be you before the foundation of the world. Amen. That little tug that you feel every now and again, it's it's it's it's that part of eternity that's trying to declare itself in your life here in 2025. That little germ that was in you was to be you before the foundation of the world. You may have heard me say this before, but there was one Wednesday evening back at the old church many a few years ago. I was sitting just praying, meditating before service. The spirit of the Lord came in and spoke to me and said this. The you that was you before there was you. That's you. Because sometimes we get stuck on stupid. Because of what this did, what this does and what this is going to do. We'll get stuck on that. Why? Because the devil has set the needle on the record of our life. Some of you old folk, y'all know what I'm talking about. that needle when it get to the end of that record it would just go I'm talking about a old record player some of y'all don't know what I'm talking about you young folk but it make that noise and that's what the devil the devil wants us to get stuck on that over and over and over and over and over but God told me the you that is really you the real you Joel that's not that that's what I'm after we sing that song to be like Jesus Amen want to surrender all to him. He's not so much talking about this. He's after that part of himself that he put in before the foundation of the world. The germ that was in you was to be you before the foundation of the world. God put your name in the lamb's book of life. So we are being changed from glory to glory. That word glory means from majesty. That word also means a most glorious condition. So we're being changed from majesty to majesty. From one glorious condition to another glorious condition. That's why don't find yourself at home on Wednesday night. Don't find yourself on home on next Sunday because there's a little bit of more majesty that God wants to give to you. There's a little more glory because we're being changed from here to there. From one one experience with the Lord to the next. We're not be we're being changed from glory to glory. Not from circumstance to circumstance. Not from occurrence to occurrence. Not from trial to trial. That's what the devil wants you to believe. We're being changed from one glorious condition to another glorious condition until eventually we will be in glory. Amen. Hallelujah. We've been taken away from Satan. His grip has been loosened. That's what redemption means is to be loosed. Amen. Amen. The law within you, saints, brothers, sisters, the law that's within you will not allow you to stay in that condition. Amen. You may not ever hear it again, but you will hear it today. The law, the life of God that's in you, even though it's all smutted up with sin, and the devil's trying to tell you that you can't. The law that's within you will not allow you to stay in that condition. Amen. You don't get a lot of sleep at night. You're having trouble sleeping. That's why there's a law that's trying to declare itself. Amen. And God, the spirit of God is wanting you to rise up in the life that you already have in you. Amen. and stand and look that devil in his face. I don't know of anybody, Brother Bob, I don't know of anybody on this earth that I want to stand in my way that I would give myself more to than my savior. Cuz quite frankly, if we have a view of Calvary, and we we better. Amen. But if there's anything obstructing that view, that is your God. Amen. We're supposed to keep our eyes on Jesus. If anything is blocking your view of Calvary, get it out of the way. Whatever you have to do, knock it down. Destroy it. Oh my goodness. He's supposed to be the supreme one in our lives. Amen. The law within you will not allow you to stay in that condition. Even in a fallen condition, a true child of God is made in the image of the creator. Amen. Even in a fallen condition, they possess the attribute of get backupism. Every believer has that get back up in them. I remember as a child there was a little Bobo the clown, a little bop toy. How many remember that little thing? Little blow up thing. It had sand in the bottom of it. You and it pop back up. You punch it again, it fall down. There's a little head or boom and it pop back up. That's what every believer has in them. And there's something on the inside of every believer that caused you to get back up. The devil may have run you around and around and around. You're ragged. You're tired. You You don't know if you have any more strength to go on, but the there's something on the inside that keeps working on the outside. Oh my. I hope I stir you up today. Amen. Something on the inside, even in that fallen condition, something on the inside tells him tells the the the believer that he came from another place. And that is where he must get back to, no matter the cost. No matter what I have to do, no matter what I have to give up, no matter how many friends I have to dismiss and set aside, I have to make it to heaven. My my my. No matter the cost, sorrow, sickness, death, disappointments, heartaches are all around and are are are all common. This can't be it. No. My precious mom, 91 years old back two years ago, going on three now. She lay dying at home and and she she was she was just a saint. Not because she was was my mama, but because she was my sister in Christ. And I watched her just on on the day that she was dying. The the chaplain came in and you know, he thought he was going to give him another little mark. Another one's done come to glory. We got another one. Praise God, they're dying. And they gave her their life. They made a commitment of faith. Little did he know who she he was talking to. She began to witness to him about how when when she was out in that world in a condition, lost, a sinner, that she began to have a desire. I don't want to live this way anymore. Right? I don't want to live like this. I don't care what everybody around me is doing. And she give her life to the Lord. She was there witness to the chaplain. And my son Josiah who's sitting here with me, he stepped in the room there and and again this she was dying. She was leaving and and and she her voice and all the if you've been around someone who's dying, you know what I'm talking about. She just began to fade. She wasn't talking as much and she wasn't connecting with this realm because she was on her way to another land. But when he walked into the room, he said he saw her. She had her hands up and she would whatever she was seeing, whatever she saw, whatever she was looking at, she wasn't saying, "Oh no, oh no. Oh no, I'm dying." She was saying, "Oh wow. Oh wow." So there was something that she was living for that she was about to step into. And she was being loosed from the moors of time. And as we on this side were saying, "Bye mama. Goodbye sis. We love you." There was a host on another side that was saying, "Hey, we've been waiting for you. Hello, sis. Come on." Oh my. Oh, wow. My goodness. Sorrows, sickness, death, disappointments. This can't be all that there is to it. Many people running around saying that we're in the millennium. I say hogwash. That's a lie. The devil himself and you're speaking the devil's language. We're not in no millennium. right of the prodigal son. The Bible says, "And when he came to himself," right? Now, my question is, "What self?" Yeah. How in the world did he know that he had something else to be? Yeah. Huh? Because he had come from a land that told him what he was. But what did he want to do? I want what's mine. Give me my inheritance. I want to go out and sow my oath. What did daddy do? Go on. Go on. Amen. So it can't when he when he said he come to himself and the question becomes what self because it can't be the flesh man part because it was the flesh that got him in trouble. It was the flesh that kept him eating the husk from the hog. What young man in what you young brothers, you young guys looking at me now, who in their right mind would go hang out with the hogs and eat their slop? Come on, brother. How many would do that? Raise your hand. See, so what caught It was a demon. It was a spirit. It was a devil. Right. And we're no match for him without the spirit of God. Amen. The flesh part of him is what led him into that condition. But the word man, yes, the word man, listen, the word man, the word man part of that young boy caused him to remember from where he came. Yes. Right. Amen. Is that right? And in that condition, something inside of him raised him up and led him back home. Amen. Luke 15:18 says, "I will arise." That's what came out of his mouth. That's what he said. I will arise. That word arise means to raise up. To raise up again. To raise up from the dead. Caused to be born. Amen. So here he was dead in his sin. If you're not living in your proper position, you are dead while you are yet alive. Amen. What was it? He received a resurrection. Remember we were saying the only way a resurrection can come is when there is a death. So he received his resurrection, watch this, by his own obedience to the power that already was within him. So you you you you want that power to live, right? It's in you, brother. Amen. It's in you, sis. It's already in you. Call it on the scene. Call Jesus on the scene. Amen. He's not as far away as you think. So he went back home and when he arrived, Luke 15:22 says the the father says, "Bring forth the best robe and put it on him and put a ring on his hand and shoes on his feet." So he makes it back home and he gets a new robe. He gets a he he gets a new identity. And the thing of it was is that it was always there. He didn't have to leave. He didn't have to go. No. But that daddy's heart, brother, that daddy's heart was watching for him. The Bible says when he saw him from afar. So he wasn't somewhere to well, forget him, just ride him off, dismiss him, he was looking for him. Why? Because of L O V E that day in the garden that when Adam and Eve was walking out, the the prophet talked about how he saw like a funnel begin to come down and the words begin to form Lo V. I will make a way for you to get back. He loves you, saints. Young man, young girl, he loves you. Jesus loves you. This you already know. For the Bible tells you so. You remember that song? When you growing up, it's still real. In fact, it's more real now for you than it was then. Queen of the South, in a great hour that we're living. Amen. I'm just gonna have to shut up. My goodness. That we're living a great day that we're living in. God has sent his son as a propitiation for our sins. He died in ourstead. He was the innocent one that became guilty that we guilty might be innocent. This the story is this. Think of it as as you measure your own corruptible life in his wow. As you measure your own corruptible life in his presence, he's still allowing you to come up into his presence in your corruption. Why? Because he loves you. And he wants you to know that there there there is more in you than you realize. Yes, sir. So come so come bring your corruptible life. Jesus became you that you through his grace might become him. Yes. You and your corruption. Me and my corruption. He's allowing us to take on deity. Yes. You who are going to hell, he took your place that you might set in heaven with him at his place. You who were a son of the devil by nature. He took the nature or the sin of your nature that you might become a son of God and set in the heavenlies with him. Amen. He was that lamb redeemer, a bloody bleeding lamb. At the first of the book in the Bible, in the Garden of Eden, what was it? It was a lamb redeemer. In the middle of the book at Calvary, what was it? It was a lamb redeemer. At the end of the book in Revelations, the closing out of the scriptures, when John turns, he sees a what? A lamb redeemer. A bleeding bloody lamb. A bleeding bloody lamb in the middle of the book. A bleeding bloody lamb at the beginning of the book. This book is filled with blood. You cannot get away from the blood of Jesus Christ. You cannot live a life without the blood of Christ. You can't take the beliefs and doctrines and things and and and the the things that the prophet has said and hold that up for God. You have to have a bleeding bloody word. And if you bring that message, I'll say it that way. If you bring that message, it better be dripping with blood, brother. Don't pick out your little favorite quotes that will allow you to live the way you want to live and allow you to treat people the way you think you can treat them. There's still a way to love, Brother Wade. You can have all your quotes that you want to. You can draw all the lines that you want. Well, they crossed the line. Bless God. The prophet talked about drawing a circle. So, if you if you're drawing lines, you're not even in the message. Amen. I said it. You drawing lines you ain't in. You don't even believe the message. I'll take it up with you after church, too, if you if we need to. Huh? We're to be drawing circles, a circle of love to encompass everybody. Not just a lamb, but a bleeding bloody lamb. Death. Speaking of death, eternal life. We don't just get eternal life. Eternal life is already in us. Amen. Think about that, saint. Did you hear what I just said? We don't get eternal life. Eternal life is already in us. We are already eternal. We are on our way to the fullness of that. My goodness. We always had eternal life. There's only one form of eternal life and that is God. But God told AMC, "Restore the man his wife." Is that right? I'm just a passing through. Amen. We are able to make this very confession right in the face of the devil himself. Amen. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just he goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Huh? So I love the line in that song that says, "Stand in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Just stand. Don't move. Don't say a word. Don't don't don't do an eye. Don't cross a tea." Cuz they're already dotting. They're already cross. You stand in your position and watch what God will do. Amen. Cuz sometimes God's saying to you clearly and loudly and you've heard him say it, but you're not listening. So I'm here to remind you again. Shut up. Just shut up. Hallelujah. You done confused enough people already. Just shut up and let God do what he's going to do anyway. Cuz quite frankly, the people have heard you chatter chatter chatter like that old chipmunk enough. So when they see you and not hear you, then they will know, ah, something mighty is happening. Let me be still a moment. Amen. Amen. I'm g have to find my hiding place and preach. My So looking the devil right in the face and making that confession cuz the conditions or the circumstances can no longer stand because why? It possesses no life. That's right. There's no life in the devil. He's just a bluff. Right. And and and one of my most powerful quotes and that I love within the message, I said there's a lot, but one of the the the smallest most powerful uh quotes or or words even in the messages, the word, it's just a threeletter word is boo. That's all we got to say. We don't need to sit down and and write out a big long dissertation for the devil. Listen here, got this point. The prophet said here and my pastor said this and here's this scripture and that scripture and here's this quote. Putting all this stuff together, you bring it before the devil and he just looks at it and said, Okay. Amen. He'll say amen to what you bring him. But when you say that word boo, the prophet says he just begins to get smaller and smaller and smaller because why he's saying boo to you. You say boo back. But you have a bigger boo than the devil has. Tuck that one in your pocket. 1 Corinthians 10:13. As the musicians would come, I'm just going to have to quit. There hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man. That's right. Common after the manner of man, applied to things belonging to men. So, there are just some things in our humanity that we're just going to have to all experience. That's right. Huh? How many's ever been frustrated? I broke that thing again. Praise the Lord. Tearing stuff up. I was told to make myself at home. So after matter, man, these things are common because temptation belongs to humanity, not to God. There will be rough spots. Listen, there will be things to arise and come up that will knock the very wind from you and leave you devastated. Absolutely. Joel, you're not telling me anything I don't already know. I know, but I'm just reminding you. I'm trying to stir up your gift by way of remembrance. I'm just trying to obey the word. That's life. Cuz we're living in a finite realm. The body will suffer attack. This spirit will be attacked. Your very soul will be targeted for destruction. Listen to me, you cute folk. But because temptation possesses only mortal strength, that lets us know that it can't last forever. There is a land I'm homesick for. I've never seen it before. 1 Corinthians 15:54. So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, "Death is swallowed up in victory." Amen. Absolutely. Amen. There's one quote I wanted to get to. The arrow of God's deliverance. Amen. What's the matter? That's why they're staying at home stuck their head in a television instead of the Bible. Got nothing against the television if it's used for God's program. All right. It was God's way in the first way. Who made the airwaves and so forth? It was God. But the devil just took it and perverted it is all it was. Hollywood got a hold. Anything they get a hold of is rotten cuz they can't come from nothing else. I read in a crime magazine where those most famous women out on the street of prostitution at $50 a night living with men and things all up and down the coast and then run out there and some other four or five husbands and you little girls want to pattern yourselves after that. Yes. When the man out there that's supposed to be such a move movie actor and so forth when they live with women so much till the natural course of life is changing and they become perverted. Now this was back in 1956 and saying you want to pattern yourself after that losing the natural course of life. So a man's now saying that he wants to be a woman and they're trying to tell me that a man can have a baby. They trying to tell me that all they want to. Amen. I'm going to say no, you can't. That's right. Huh? You're still a man. I'm going still say yes, sir. No, sir. No, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. If it offends, I I'll call it as I see it. Amen. If you got a Adam's apple, hello. Look yonder at Calvary where a man hung on the cross and died. The only real example that was ever put in the world for human beings to live by is the man Christ Jesus. And we've never seen an age where what do we have these shows called? American Idol and and and and and all of these programs and things and and all of these sports stars and and pattern the the kids patterning themselves after them and all of these idols and all of these figures that it's never been as prolific as it is now. But he says, "Look yonder at Calvary where a man hung on a cross and died. There's not one sports star that died for you. There's not one movie star that would give their life for you." They may play the part of Jesus and and in a movie, but they would never give their life for you. They may be even moved by that experience and and and things, but they would never give their life for you. The only real example that was ever put in the world for human beings to live by is the man Christ Jesus. Amen. That's right. Then we call ourselves Christians and harmonize our souls with such as that. No wonder the world leaks in. No wonder something's happening. No wonder you can't have souls stirring. We need our souls stirred today. Amen. Let's bow our heads. The great escape. Father God, we love you. We honor you. We love you. We adore you. We give you all glory and praise. Oh God, every fiber of my being, I want to be submitted to you. But here in this place called time, we have the trappings of time sometimes. And it makes it hard for us to lift up our hands. It makes it hard for us to say amen because we feel that little pang of of of of regret and and the devil putting that that we did last night even or the night before or yesterday and all these things. He's always putting that before us. And we say, "I don't want to be a hypocrite." But Lord, there's a life inside of us that cries out greater than any voice that the devil could bring our way. We don't want to talk the devil's language. We want to talk your language. So forgive us when we have it. Forgive us when we don't. Forgive us when we won't because we know that you will, you can, and you have. So may we attach ourselves to that. We love you. We honor you. We adore you. Thank you for this time, this place. And it's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. If anyone would need prayer, we'll be more than glad to to do that with you. It's just a wonderful thing to know the Lord. Stand with me if you would. Bright morning star, bright morning star, and throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. him and forever more I will reign with him. All hell king [Music] Jesus. All hell king [Music] Jesus. All hell [Applause] manuel. King of king of kings. Lord of lords, bright morning star. Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] eternity will praise his name. And forever I will reign with him. Oh hell in Jesus. [Music] Oh, he looks he's of lords, bright [Music] stars. I'm going to praise him and And forever more I will reign with him. Oh help me [Music] Jesus. Oh hell I Manuel King of kings. Lord of lords. He's brought more in [Music] store and throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell manuel. King of kings. Lord of lords. Bride is eternity. [Music] I'm going to praise him and forever more I will with him in the presence of Jehovah. [Music] God [Music] Almighty is the grace of [Music] peace. Our troubles they [Applause] f and hearts [Music] are for in the presence of the king. Oh, is in the presence of [Music] Jehovah, God Almighty. He's the prince of [Applause] peace. Oh, our troubles they f [Applause] And our hearts [Music] [Applause] turned in the presence of the king. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify the name flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh flow flow through me. Oh holy spirit flow through me. [Music] Oh God, Holy Spirit flow through [Applause] me. And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify the name, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. He is here. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. [Applause] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. [Music] Listen close out your name. He is you will never be. Oh yes, heal. [Music] He is here. [Music] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name. [Music] He is here. You can touch him, you know. Oh yes, he is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. You can touch him. Hear him. pouring out. He is here. [Music] You sing. Oh, he is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. [Applause] He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him call. L out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the [Music] You are awesome, [Music] mighty God. And you are awesome in Father. [Music] to our lives. We are awesome in this mighty God. Oh, just praise him. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this father and you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Hallelujah. Oh, you are awesome in this place, a father. You are worthy of our praise. Oh, to you our lives we praise. For you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty [Music] God. And you are [Music] awesome father. And you are worthy of our praise. Go to you our lives be. You're awesome in this place. God, let's just praise him now. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. of the Father. You are worthy of our praise. Oh, to you our lives. We praise for you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, You are also in this [Music] Father for you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we are awesome in this place. Mighty God you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, oh you are awesome in this place [Music] father. You are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. In prisoners chain with all inside all [Music] night to [Music] sing loose. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] Yless night if you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and praise. Defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. The imprisoners chains with leading [Music] stri. Let's pray that night. And in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loose and they were free. Sing it to me. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Come midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and praise. Defy those chains and they will fall. Oh in Jesus name. Sing it to him. I bless your name. I bless your name. And I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. some midnight hour. Yes, Lord. If you should find Yes, Lord, you're in a prison in your life. Reach out and praise. Oh, defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name, Lord. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Sing it to him one more time. Oh, I bless your name. Bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. some midnight hour. Amen. If you should find, you're in a prison in your mind. Didn't say pick up the phone and call the pastor. I said just call on his name. He'll be the one that'll take care of you. He's the sustainer. He's the one that'll absolutely never fail you. Never has God failed a person. And we have to put our dependency on that. Sometimes we don't understand what God does. But I think he already he prepared us when he said your ways are not my ways. Right? We don't think the same way he said. He said just trust in me. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God's with us today. Amen. God's here to take care of everything you need. If you have an issue in your life, God's right now able to take care of it. He's able to let something happen that you haven't wanted to happen in a long time. It's open up and let God do the work. Let God in. You know, he said, "Put your cares on me." He said, "Don't trust in this. Don't trust in man. Don't trust in government." He said, "Trust in me." Right? He said, "Cast all your cares on me." Oh, I got too many cares. No. 8 billion people could cast their cares on Jesus and it wouldn't bother him one bit. He could take care of every one of them. What a mighty God we serve. You love the Lord. Today's been wonderful. This weekend's been a good time. Wish you to appreciate all you coming and what you do. Give brother uh brother Joel a big big ma'am. Who? Oh, yeah. James Wilson. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Absolutely. We've seen God intervene and we'll see him intervene on this one. We sure we sure love that's my second mom. So, uh, we sure are. Keep in touch with them and and we will, uh, uh, give you the report, Lord, as soon as we can get it. But the Lord's able. The Lord can do what he wants to do. Like I said before, his ways are not ours. And he expl he told us that. So, it's not a surprise. He already told us in the Bible that we don't think alike, but we're supposed to have the mind of Christ. So, we need to start understanding a little bit of how he thinks, right? Because remember, his thoughts are perfect. We you've changed your thought a hundred times sitting here today. But like when's brother Joel going to finish? When's he going to start? What's happening here? Why is he talking about me? Yes, sir. He wasn't talking about you. God was. God was speaking to your heart. He We've got to start believing that God's going to use a five-fold ministry. And when he does, he that don't mean we use him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He uses us. He uses the five-fold ministry to take care of the things that need to be taken care of. And I hope today we've had things taken care of. I hope we can leave this place and be happy, be free. And I like that threeletter word. Boo. How powerful is that? Boo devil. Amen. The Bible says, "Resist the devil and he'll flee from you." Well, that's where the scripture come from, I believe, where brother random said, "Boo." He was thinking of that. He said, "Man," he said, "All you got to do is say boo." He said, "Yeah, just say boo back." Yes, sir. So, resist the devil and he'll flee from you. You love the Lord. Thank you all for coming. We have food downstairs if you want to stay and eat, but we've got to get uh we're still we got good time and it's just 1:00. Uh thank you all sisters and brothers for everything you've done this weekend. It has been an absolute wonderful time. has been flawless and run well and we've got um people that are working and we appreciate all of you that um I I told myself years and years ago I said we we need to fellowship but it's going to be that we're going to have to put a little bit more effort forth than we usually have because it takes people to put the food together to to serve the people. But I'd rather serve the family of God. Amen. Than to serve the world. Right. I'd rather if I was going to have a job, I'd have a job serving the people of God than serving the people of the world. And we appreciate what all you've done, sisters and brothers, this weekend. Brother Joel pouring his heart out. We appreciate him. And if you go with us in July to brother Andre, you're going to hear him again. Praise the Lord. Cuz he'll be doing the Saturday youth service just like he always has the past two years. So, um, we sure appreciate him and love him with the love of the Lord. He's got a good ministry and we appreciate him. got a good spirit about him and uh thanks for for bringing the young adult children of yours with you and uh we appreciate them and God bless you. That's uh all mine's clear. Uh remember if you don't know where you're going just ask somebody the address. It's down there where we always have the not always but we have had our park place where we have our um spring flings and all the eastern all that stuff. So, um it'll be down there at 3:00. Uh and he's he'll start promptly at 3:00. So, we need to be there by then. So, let's bow our heads and we'll um uh bless the food and then we will be dismissed. Heavenly Father, thank you, Lord, for our brother pouring his heart out, Lord. And we now, Lord, see the the strain of of the praying, Lord. It's it's weakened him a little, Father. And I pray that you'd give him supernatural strength so he can drive back home, Father. Lord, he poured his heart out to the people, Lord. And I pray that you'll pour your heart out to him, Lord, and give him strength as he continues back home, Lord. Be with him and bless him, Lord, as he goes to his job, his his family, his children, all the different things, Lord. That you'll bless our brother's life, Father. Be with each one that's here, Lord. I pray that we've all been touched by you today, Father. And Lord, that we'll give you honor and praise and glory as the as the words say there, Lord. And we'll give it to you, Lord, because we know who you are. You're our father. You're our bridegroom. You're our husband. All those different titles. You've said that to your bride and the children of God. Father, just be with each one. Bless us as we continue down, Lord, and go and see a little bit of the natural things of life, Lord, and keep us safe and protect us, Lord, as we as we do, Lord. Go and and u handle some of those uh things, Lord, that you'll keep us safe and protect us, Father. Just bless this day. Give us this daily bread. Bless the food downstairs, Lord. It'll sanctify it to our bodies and Lord, us into your kingdom. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Or drop your spirit in the ground. Mount up with wings. Little eagle and fly. So spread to our wings. [Music]
