################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 2025.05.07 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 3) - Paul LaFontaine - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   2025.05.07 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 3)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWZ8D5vbxLY
========================================

[Music] Sing. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Let's all stand and sing. Tell them you're all. You're all I need. You're all I need. Jesus is all I need. You're all I need, Lord. You're all I need. You're all I need. Jesus is all I need. Hallelujah. Before we pray, just um I want to say a special happy birthday to my uncle. God bless him if we would just so much for our church and I just wanted to not miss the moment. But God bless you, my uncle Henry. Amen. God bless you. I just pray for uh pray for the service tonight and just give the Lord ourselves right now. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're just so honored and grateful to be here again, Lord, in your presence, God. It's a song we're singing. Lord, you're truly all we need, God. Lord, the Lord, our finances go up and down, Lord Jesus. Lord, our Lord, just the weather goes up and down, Lord. Family goes up and down, Lord. Everything goes up and down. But Lord, you say cons so consistent with us, Lord God. You satisfy our souls each and every day, Lord God. And that's why we can truly say you're all we need, God. Just like a flower needs water every day, God. That living water, Lord Jesus, that you give us, God is all we need, Lord Jesus. So come now, Lord Jesus. Let us drink from that living fountain, Lord, tonight, God, as we just give up ourselves, God, and we just bathe in your presence tonight, God. Help us to give up and let you have your way tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord, as we just uh unlock all the doors, God, and open them up to you, Lord Jesus, if there's a hidden, Lord, closet, hidden door, Lord Jesus, that's never been opened before, God, let it be tonight, Lord Jesus, that you, Lord, discern our hearts, Lord Jesus. Discern our spirits, God, that we can, God, open it up, God, and you can cleanse it, Lord Jesus, and you can fill that room tonight, Lord God. Take complete control tonight, God. We love you, Lord. Lord, bless my uncle Henry on his birthday, Lord. Give him strength and rest, Lord, in every way, God. Lord, as he continues in this new year, Lord Jesus, we love you, Lord, and we give you this night in Jesus' name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Let's go and greet each other in the name of the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's sing. I have decided to follow Jesus tonight. Can you see? I go up one. Go up to D. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, I have decided to follow Jesus. Yes, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. Hallelujah. No turning back. Oh the cross before me. The world behind me. Oh the cross before me. Hallelujah. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. No turning. No turning back. back. No turning back. Take this world. Oh, take this whole world. But give me Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, take this whole world. But give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world. Oh, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I'll see that again. Won't you? Take this whole world. Take this whole world. Oh, forgive me Jesus. Oh, take this home. But give me Jesus. Oh, take this home. But give me Jesus. I won't turn back. No power. I have started now. I have started for the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. No, I won't turn back. I won't. Oh yes. Oh, don't none go with me. Still I still I will follow. Oh, don't none go with me. Still I will follow. Don't none go with me. Still I will follow. No turning back. No, no turning back. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that before we sit down. Something in my heart like a stream running down. It makes me feel so happy. I'm happy tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, something in my heart, like a stream running down, makes me feel so happy, as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me. Yes, there's something more than gold in my soul. Yes, there's something more. Can we sing that again? Something in my heart. There's something in my heart like a stream running down. Makes me feel so happy. As happy as can be when I think of Jesus and what he's done for me. There is something more than God in my soul. Yes. There's something more than Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than more. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more. Thank God in my soul. Yes. There's something more. Last time. Something in my heart. Something in my heart. Like a stream running down. Makes me feel so happy. as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me, there is something hallelujah than God in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Just getting over a little bit of sickness, but I'm just going to do the do the best I can with what I got tonight. But I don't know, you guys are drawing it out of me. I want to scream unto the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Kib G. You don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. [Music] Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. Yes, Lord. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands. Sing that again. You don't have to worry. And you don't have to worry. Don't you be afraid. And don't you be afraid. Oh, joy comes in the morning. Trles, they don't last always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears all away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. Yes, I know that I can stand. that no matter what may come my way. Oh my life is in your hands. With Jesus I can take it. Oh yes, with him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. Oh my life is in your hands. So in your test and trials, they may seem to get you down. And all your friends and loved ones, they are nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus, hallelujah, who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it." Oh, I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. And with Jesus, oh, I can take it with him. I know I can stand. And no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. I know I know that I can make it. Yes, I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. With Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I just this song keep coming through my mind just uh today. Come to Jesus. Come to Jesus and live. I want to sing that song. KFC. Amen. Weak and wounded sinner, lost and left to die. Oh, raise your head for love is passing by. Can we all stand and sing it tonight? Oh, come to [Music] Jesus. Come to Jesus. Come to [Applause] Jesus and live. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, and now your burdens lifted and carried far away. Yes, Lord. And precious blood has washed away the stain. Oh, so sing to Jesus. Oh, sing to Jesus. Oh, sing to Jesus. Can we take it up and live? Oh yes, Lord. Oh, and like a newborn baby. Don't be afraid to crawl. Remember when you walk sometimes we fall. So just fall on fall on Jesus. Oh fall on [Music] Jesus. Fall on Jesus and live. Sing that again. Fall on Jesus. Fall on Jesus. Oh fall on Jesus. Call on Jesus and live. Oh yes. And sometimes the way lonely and steep and filled with pain. So if your sky is dark, it pours the rain. Oh, then cry to Jesus. You're all we need, Lord, to cry to Jesus. Cry to [Music] Jesus and live. I love this. Oh, and when the love spills over and music fills the night. Hallelujah. And when you can't contain the joy inside, then you can dance to Jesus. Oh, dance to Jesus. Dance to [Music] Jesus and live. Oh, come to Jesus. Yeah. Come to [Music] Jesus. Come to Jesus. And last time, come to Jesus. Come to Jesus. Come to Jesus. [Music] Come to [Music] Jesus and live. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The prayer request will come tonight. Amen. Keep right there. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. [Music] Holy, holy is [Music] he. Oh, sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy [Music] se. Worthy is the sing that again. Worthy is the revelation song. Lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Yes, Lord. Oh, sing a new song to him who sits on. Heaven's mercy. See, holy, holy, the holy is the Lord God Almighty. Yes, Lord, who was and is and is to come. [Music] Oh, with all creation I sing praise to the king of kings. You are, you are my everything and I will adore you. His golden rainbows of living colors, flashes of lightning, rolls of thunder. Yes, Lord. Oh, blessing and honor, strength and glory and power be all to you the only wise king. Oh, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Yes, Lord. Who was and is and is to come. Oh, with all with all creation I sing. Praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. They [Music] make filled with wonder, aruck wonder at the mention of your name. Yes, Lord [Music] Jesus. Jesus, your name is power, the breath and living water. Such a marvelous mystery. Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] Oh, with all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Holy, holy, holy Almighty which was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore [Music] you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Luke 18 and verse 1. And he spake a parable unto them to this end that men ought always to pray and not to faint, saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man. And there was a widow in that city, and she came unto him, saying, "Avenge me of mine adversary." And he would not for a while. But afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, yet because this widow trouble troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming, she weary me." This is a parable of a judge here that this widow kept coming and kept coming and did not give up and kept kept bringing her uh need. And we'll talk about this a little further tonight, but because of her continual coming and finally a judge that actually did not regard man or fear God, it actually worked on him to finally come through and stand for the woman. So he says in verse 5, I'm emphasize again, because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me. And the Lord said, hear what the unjust judge saith. And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? And I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth. This is actually goes into a prophecy for the end time, this parable, because he's actually asking when the son of man comes at the coming of the Lord, will he find this kind of faith when he comes, this faith that won't quit, this faith that keeps coming to the judge, this faith that will not be turned down. That's the kind of faith we need towards God. Lord, bless your word tonight and anoint our lips as we humbly take your word tonight before the people in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So tonight I want to continue on speaking about the message he cares. Do you care? And I I'm amazed at the if you've been reading it, I'm amazed at the very beginning of the service that uh the prophet takes a couple of real life examples and they're given and he actually uses them besides the scriptures. He uses them as a foundation for the subject and the and what I'm calling it a key for believers to break into a God who cares and and get the attention of a God who cares. Um using that as a key that we're learning from. and uh he uses real life examples at the very beginning as a foundation uh to be able to explain where he's getting his thought from. And I'm going to read those tonight. And that that actually at the end will be most of my service because I I want you to just look at the examples and they go directly with Luke chapter 18 here and the the fervent continual coming that we need to bring to God. And so tonight, I want to read those things. And he uses it as a base for this key to a supernatural God stepping in to show he cares. Last couple services we showed that God doesn't care by just saying he cares and putting his hand on your shoulder and say, "I care." God is a supernatural God that wants to care by doing something different to change the situation. I'm just laying that foundation again so you understand why we're on this series and talking about it. God stepping into the situation is how he shows he cares. Changing, creating, uh doing the impossible, doing the supernatural. And then we find there's another side to it. But he he's stepping in to show that he cares. But he does it because the right thing on your side, on the believer's side, the right attitude, the right atmosphere, uh the right openness, the right honesty, the right sincere confession. You'll find all of these things in the message. There are things that we bring as a as an attitude that show we care about a caring God. We care about getting help. We're not running from it, but we're running towards it. And so I just I want to make it clear at the uh at the I'll make these things clear at the middle or towards the end uh that brother Brand leaves no doubt to this key when he says at the end he said God cares and this is what I've been preaching on. God cares when you care but you have to care first. So that sums it up at the end. He says that at the end I found it again today. What I'm preaching on God cares when you care but you have to care first. So, um I know there are no doubt times when we are so away from God and and and God just comes down and grabs us out of the miry clay. I know God can do that. But when we're believers and we're coming to him for a certain need, God is looking for our attitude that's an that's a kind of a relentless uh faith that says, "Listen, I'm not just halfhazardly asking. I'm asking and I'm continually asking and I'm waiting God for God to step in in a supernatural way. Can you say amen? So God cares when you care, but you have to care first. So if this is true, then we should work our way through this message that has been preached to learn the ways that we show we care. I don't want to miss any of the ways. I don't want to have an area in my life that I'm an attitude that I'm presenting to God that makes God hesitate towards me. I don't want anything hindering my faith. I don't want anything in the way. And most believers are very sensitive to this. Uh I've had phone calls this week is that is am I doing something wrong, brother Paul? Is do I have a lack of faith and say, "Well, I'm I'm not I say I I'm a pro I'm not a prophet. I don't know." But believers have a should have a sincerity. They want to examine every part of their life. Is there anything that's blocking this? Is there any sin? Is there something that I don't know? And just that attitude itself, I think God appreciates because there are some things that are mysterious. So, we just don't know why they're going on. But our job is to stand there before God and say, "God, if there's a hindrance to my faith, help me. Show me that you remove all hindrances so the flow of faith can flow freely through me and all the hindrances will be removed." Can you say amen? So now um and and let's I want to refer to Sunday's message from brother Daniel uh Ephory Darko is his full name. Brother Daniel Ephory Darko. We took him back this morning to brother Bill Bailey. He's there tonight speaking. But I want to refer us back to Sunday because his message was in such harmony with this series with what the Holy Spirit is saying to our church and to the local assembly. And he that hath here ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to us. uh let us uh be feeding as sheep in the uh in the area that he's wanting us to feed in right now. And uh the Holy Spirit was just echoing that again as he entitled it the approach to a supernatural God. First of all, I want to let everyone know and we should let everyone know we don't believe in religion. We believe in a supernatural God. We believe in 2025 that he's just as supernatural, just as real, can do the same things he's ever did before. There isn't one lack of God in this generation. In this hour, he can do what he did before. He can do it again. Can you say amen? So now, knowing we serve a supernatural God, his message was the approach to a supernatural God. Wonderful. and and and and there there seems to be with the Lord sometimes that there's something that's real hard that is put out there by the Lord that that makes it a bit of a a challenge for us to break through so that we show that we're serious about it. And he gave the example it seemed like the Lord is g he gives a bit of a test to show if we really mean it and want help. And the great great example he gave gave was this non who was asked to go wash himself seven times in the worst muddy river in the whole region. Can you say amen? So that shows us that his his blessing of his healing of his leprosy was just just waiting right there. But he had to go through some muddy waters and be washed before he come to a supernatural God. And that says something about God's character. And some people are not willing to go through the muddy waters to get to the real deliverance. You know, for non it was a new thing to him. So he reasoned with that. And why can't I go to the the waters that are cleaner? And you know, he's a he's a ruler there in Syria. So he's probably not used to ever being in muddy waters like that and thinks it's a dirty thing. So he's reasoning in his mind. He thought it was going to happen a certain way with the prophet and we get in our minds and the one thing we need to learn about God. Don't tell God how he's going to bring the deliverance or the or the healing. Can you say, "Man, don't tell don't have your mind already set in concrete, but say, God, whatever you use to do it, whatever muddy waters I have to go through, I'm willing to do it. And I'm willing to do it not five or six times. I'm willing to wash seven times. Whatever he says to do, that's the obedience that we should offer." But you see, he had to go wash seven times in the worst muddy river. What uh what do we what do you have? Uh sometimes, you know, uh referring to Elisha, he's speaking of there's a there's a real transition from Elijah to Elisha in ministries. Now, that being said, Elisha asked Elijah that a double portion of his spirit would come on him. So all these uh stories in the Bible are not just stories because we have lived in the days of Elijah. We have seen Elijah come again in our generation, the spirit of Elijah on a man. So now when you look in the the the Bible, you see Elijah uh and there are some miracles and things that he did that Elisha did that are similar. But if you really read your Bible, and I can't read it tonight, but if you read it and you pull out the differences, there's because brother says you got Elijah and he was bold and he's speaking to Jezebel and he's speaking the whole political system. He's speaking against the king. It's more of a dispensational, more of a a a political rebuke over the whole nation, over the whole thing of Israel. But when it come to Elisha, it was more of a personal ministry to the widow. It was more it wasn't an international thing. It was taking the same double the spirit double portion of it but it was ministering personally. And I find in the incidences with it is that in Elisha's incident in dealing with the people there was something that he asked for from them first where Elijah he would just he would go do it. He would speak it. He'd say there would be no more rain. But you see now Elisha says in these in the in the muddy raider he said go dip seven times then you'll get your healing. He told the woman uh what do you have in your home? What can you offer me? She said I got a little cruise of oil. Go get that cruise of well that's all we got. Well look at now what he's asking for. Take everything you got. Give it to me. I'll take it. And then he's God's testing us. Are you willing to do the hard thing in order to get to your miracle? Amen. And Elisha just dealt a a bit different with the people. He told the rich young ruler, he got him where his where it counts in his uh his billful, his bank accounts. God always knows where to get us, doesn't he? Most of us, he does. He wouldn't test us with our bank accounts because we don't have very much. But with the rich young ruler, it was everything. So it was the rich young ruler kept probing saying, "Uh, I've done all the commandments, but I really want eternal life. I want He's the one that kept asking." So then Jesus said, "All right, go sell everything that you have and give it to the poor." He's feeling the pain of that. And God God got him right where his pain was, right? The hard thing to give up. You don't think some of these things that's in the word about a woman's dress and these different things, you think sometimes it's just all we write it off. But you see, sometimes it can be a test. Are you willing to do the little thing? How important is you to hang on to this thing? I'm going to dress this way. I'm going to hold on to this. And God just test somebody. And he tests every one of us a little different because he knows if we're serious and we care, then he's going to test us if we care. And just some more things about the the supernatural here or about uh uh non. Um in the story of non God through the prophet dealt with leprosy different than he had before. People had leprosy and until that point the only answer was for them to just deal with it. Just you's ever heard that just deal with it. You know you got leprosy just deal with it. And to separate you had to go out in a camp. So there wasn't too much that's dealt with. Now in this incident when Elisha type of the bride Elijah's come Elisha Sha is she type of the bride. How is he dealing with leprosy? Well, he's dealing with it a different way. He said go, he says go dip seven times in Jordan and your leprosy will be healed. We never seen it quite that way, but I want to bring the point. Don't ever question what God is asking you to do because he might ask you to do something that is strange to the mind, but God knows what he's doing. Can I get an amen? Trust God. He knows what he's doing. And and so uh it was a crazy thing to do. Non had to uh lay down all of his ideas and all of his uh everything and trust what the prophet said to do uh and do something. Sometimes he has to do something that we don't agree with or we don't want to do but it got the results. Isn't that the thing that counts? Does it get results? We are result we are are resultoriented people. We want to see a supernatural God. We want to see results in in God's own time but we're looking for results. The word in that day was dealing and I believe it deals this in this day with modern problems and personal problems. The answers are here and we overlook the answer because the answer is not in the way doesn't come the way we expected sometimes. So under Elisha and Elijah it's a it's a change in the ministry. Same spirit double portion of the spirit but through the bride's ministry now it's more of a personal work. It's not an international work. Even the third pole says it's not a public show. So it's more of a personal. Elijah dealt personally and and so you would need to study that real close in your Bible in First Kings and Second Kings to see those types and shadows there and see the differences between Elijah and Elisha. This is not the days of Elijah anymore in our day, but we're in the days of Elisha. So those types and shadows should be a blessing to you to see in the word because we're living in that time. Can you say amen? So when we go to read these two examples of Brother Brand, he cares you care. uh uh I want to read those but I want to give this scriptural base first in Luke 18 that we read as a text. I want to lay this and so now the text speaks of a parable of an unjust judge. It what what this does in this parable is basically takes an extreme example of a judge that's very distant, very detached. Uh it says he doesn't he doesn't revere God. He doesn't rever man. He's insensitive. He He's He He doesn't want to have a hands-on with the people's problems at all. And so, the scripture goes to an extreme to show this unjust judge is completely detached to wanting to meet a need of this nobody, this little widow woman. He's completely detached from it. And and uh it it takes it to an extreme of a judge that's very distant, unreachable, and no fear of God, and didn't regard man. Of course, that's not our God. Uh he's not that way. He's a just God. How many believe he's a just God? He's a just judge and he is a judge. But we're learning in this series, thank God, he's a God who cares. So, he's a just God, but he's a God who cares. And and so you say, well, why does this parable speak of this this woman, a type of the bride, coming to this unjust judge? because I believe it's using an extreme of a completely detached uh uh God or judge who doesn't care. And I'm wondering if it's put in the Bible that way because that's the way people will begin to view God. So, it goes to this way that's extreme in this parable to say he's unjust. He doesn't fear God. He doesn't care. He's he he doesn't he's not going to listen to anybody who knocks on the door at all. He don't have any time for it. And that's the way people start to feel with God. And so that's why they give up so quickly because they think God can't supernaturally come in or they're unworthy for God to do something or somehow uh he's not going to listen to me or I knocked one time and he didn't respond so I'm giving up. But God does not want you to give up. I said God doesn't want you to give up. And so the people got this the it's the way people look at God today. They feel so far away. They feel so unworthy to get his attention. Now when you got a widow, you have a widow, it's someone who doesn't have a husband. She she has no advocate. She has no protector. She has no head. She actually has nothing. She can't help herself. That's a widow in the Bible. she has no she has nothing left. A lot of times in most cases they're poor because they don't have anybody to support them. So a widow represents someone who's helpless. In other words, they don't have money. They don't have position. They they've lost uh their position, their identity with their husband because their husband's gone. And so they've lost everything that would be an earthly way for her to have any credibility to come before this judge. She doesn't have anything to get her in the front door. nothing. And God uses that as a type of the bride in the last days. Let me tell you friends, we're helpless without him. Come on, why don't you agree with me? We're helpless without him. The problems that are facing us today, we're helpless without this great God to come on the scene. And that's why we'll learn to be more dependent on him, more dependent on a supernatural God, more dependent on finances. Can you say amen? It's a good thing that we're pressured because we learn how to pray more. We learn how to depend on him more instead of depending on our own plans. He wants us to be dependent on him. So this widow is someone who has no husband, has no advocate, no protector. She has nothing. She can't help herself. She And then she can't stand up to her enemy uh by herself. She has no power against her adversary. She's helpless to this adversary. I don't know who was bothering her and badgering her, probably trying to steal from her, take advantage of her and but she had an adversary and she had she was powerless for somebody to deal with that adversary and she said, "I'm going to have to try to go to a higher power because I can't deal with my adversary myself." Is anybody listening to me here tonight? You're in a good spot when you're helpless. Amen. You're in a good spot when you say, "I'm going to have to go to I can't go to any other place but to God about this." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." You're in a good when nothing but a miracle will do. My sister Sherry say, "You get in spots when there'll be when nothing but a miracle will do." Hallelujah. So, she appeals to the higher court to bring vengeance on her enemy or it's called in scripture, her adversary. Hey, we have an adversary. That's right. the devil going about seeking whom he may devour. We have the same adversary. Can you say amen? We had this is the bribe. This is the type of bride. We have an adversary. And many times we're helpless against this adversary. And she appeals to the highest court, this judge. And she didn't know, I don't know how I'm going to to get through to him, but it's the only power that I can go to to deal with this adversary. It's the only one that I can appeal to, but I'm going to go do it. I have no money. I have no prestige. I have no husband. I have no but I'm going to go to him and I'm going to ask anyway. Many times, friends, we're helpless. But she did not come just one time. The parable is something deeper than just her coming one time. She didn't come one time, but she she came over and over and over and over again. She didn't give up. The first few times she came, he didn't even listen. He didn't she He didn't even hear her. He didn't even bring her in. He didn't let her in. But she kept knocking. She kept presenting her case to the servant, whoever, however she did it. And she kept and she didn't give up. There's a key here that we must see. And I know it might be simple to you tonight, but we need to not just nod and say, "Amen." We need to live this out every day. That she wearied this judge by what? One thing? Her continual coming to him. I'm not giving up. I'm not taking no for an answer. Now, I know that God says no sometimes to certain things. We should be happy with, brother, we should happy with his yeses or nos. But when we're talking about deliverance and we know God could do it, our duty is to stand there with all faith and keep saying, "Listen, Lord, I'm going to keep coming to you and believe that you can do this." Hallelujah. So, she came not one time, but she and and just gave up after one time. There's a key must we must see here. If we really want help, we're going to be desperate. We're going to be perseverant. And that's how we show that we really care. We're not to faint. And that's what he says at the beginning of the parable. He says, "Men ought always to pray." In other words, you didn't just pray, "Lord, please help me with this." And you don't visit it again. Men are always to pray and not faint. What does the word faint mean? I'm glad you asked. Men are to pray always and not faint. It can refer in the physical to physical exhaustion. Physical exhaustion. And we we can't sometimes we don't have a choice in that. We just are physically exhausted. And so that's and then somebody faints. But then in the spiritual it means a spirit that comes into discouragement. It's a discouragement of your spirit to give up. That's fainting. Oh, do we have a lot of that today? Giving up on God. Giving up on the message. Seen too much. Their spirit. And it actually happens sometimes internally for months and years before you see an outward expression. I'm through with this. I'm throwing up my hands. For years, they give up in their spirit and they're let down. And so, they faint in their spirit. Exhaustion. They they faint out. They uh that's why the Bible says be not weary and welloing for in due season you shall reap if you faint not. Uh they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles and they shall not faint. Can you say amen? So there's a strength by this continual coming, this continual laying before God. And so but this discouragement of spirit is what faint means. And uh when people get a discouragement in their spirit, that's the worst thing because they they quickly couldn't quit trying. They quit trying. They quit praying. They quit trying. They they there there's there's they're just I've tried this. And she meant businesses was not going to give up. This widow was not going to give up. She meant business and she showed she cared. And she actually wearied the judge by her continual coming. She just kept, you know, she showed up at the court. She showed up at his house. She showed up when he was working out at the gym. She showed up every, you know, they say there's a saying in the world says 90% of success is just showing up. I said that at Johnny's wedding. Remember that? Remember that? See, because wherever, what's her name? Samantha. where when he was dating, wherever she would move, Tucson, whatever, he moved there, too. And so I said that in their wedding and 90% of success is just showing up. And Johnny just kept showing up. He was there, buddy. And he got the girl. Got a gym, too. But 90% of success is just showing up. And this widow kept showing up. I'm still here. He's going, "Is she is that the same woman? She's been coming for months now. She's at my door again. I'm She's actually frustrating and she's making the judge weary. She wasn't weary. She's making the judge weary by her continual coming until finally she brings out an unjust judge who doesn't care for man, doesn't fear God, so distant from the from this need, it doesn't matter. She by her faith draws the power of this judge out to the front door and says, "Bring her in. I'll talk to her. I'll avenge her enemy." It shows what faith can do. It shows but faith that is uh relentless. Continue coming, continue bringing it. I'm not going to give up. That's the kind of faith that God wants to see. Can you say amen? Wherever he was, she came after him, showing him and showing up in front of him and saying, "You are my only hope and I mean business. I'm not going away until I get through to see him." And finally, she pulled a distant judge on the scene. She kept showing up until he showed up. Oh, put that on the refrigerator. She kept showing up until he showed up. Amen. Praise the Lord, preacher. I don't get any amens. I'm amen myself. She kept showing up. I'm going to write a song tonight. She kept showing up until he showed up. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, I don't like to say those song ideas because some of my family members steal it before I get to it. Takes me a while to write the song. She kept showing up until he showed up. And when he showed up, he dealt with her adversary. He dealt with her enemy. He dealt with whatever it is that we're asking God for deliverance from. Can you say amen? This is a parable also of the coming of the Lord. It fits the coming of the Lord because he said, "Will he find this kind of faith when he comes?" He needs this kind of faith, rapturing faith, relentless faith, consistent. I'm staying with it. A lot of people giving up today, but there's a bride who's not given up. You know what Jesus says? If you continue until the end, if you continue in my word, not the ones who begin in the message, the ones who continue in the word and end it. These are my disciples. I'm not I'm not going anywhere, friends. By the grace of God, I have no to whom shall we go? I am feeding on the words of eternal life. If I have failure, if I have successes, it doesn't matter. It doesn't jeopardize me standing before this Lord and me serving him and remaining faithful. And I think I said a few months ago, even if even if something doesn't happen quick enough, even if we don't see something, we go for months and don't see something supernatural, it doesn't matter. We're not going to work it up, but we're going to stand flatfooted against the enemy, believe this word, and wait for the supernatural God to show up in his own way. God needs to see us unmovable. Satan needs to see us unmovable. Satan hates to see us unmovable. God needs to see it. The judge needs to see it. And she pulled this distant judge on the scene and she kept showing up until he showed up. And so the coming of the Lord, will he find this kind of woman? Will he find this bride at the end? Will he find this kind of faith? What kind of faith? Not just the faith for just just a temporary faith and then you're out serving the world. No, this continual coming before him. I'm still here after 25, 30, 40 years. I'm still here serving the Lord and I'm still praying about things that I don't have yet, but I'm not going anywhere. I'm still holding it before the Lord. Amen. Let him see that kind of faith. Unmovable, not giving up, not taking no for an answer. Can you say amen? This casual half-hazard leotan way of Christians today, whatever will be kra surah, whatever will be type of religion will never call a supernatural God on the scene. Can I say it again? this casual laidback leodian Christian saying whatever will be will be will never call the supernatural God on the scene. Well, I've tried that and it didn't work. I tried to come to the altar and didn't work. I tried to ask God for this and it didn't work. So, that was it. It was over. And I find people try to mechanically put things together in their own mind and when they try it because it didn't come together like them. I tried that and you know what they do next? I'm going to go try something else. That's where we're trapped. You'll find it in the message. He cares to you care. As he goes into it, he says, "Now, not everybody, not everybody accepts this comforter. Not everybody accepts this God who cares. And when they don't, they'll get another comforter. We'll break all those things down. They get another comforter to fill the place of a God who cares. They'll accept something else to cover their heart, to hold But you see now we don't we we need uh we need more than just say well I tried that it didn't work. I tried to ask God for this for the Holy Ghost and it didn't work so I quit after that. You you you mean it didn't it didn't happen quick enough is what you mean. It didn't happen quick enough for you and when you went on to something else you went on to another comforter. You went on to money. You went on to position. You went on to some guilty pleasure that you do privately. You're drawing comfort from that instead of staying with God and continuing to grow in God. You never really let God deal with your heart issues. Why? We're just not desperate enough sometimes to step into those scary muddy waters and wash. Can you say amen? People aren't desperate enough to step into those those muddy waters. And it's muddy sometimes. It's painful sometimes. And it's it's a painful journey sometimes, but I just encourage you, you know, I'm here as your pastor. Let's go through it together. Let's do it. Let's tackle this enemy. Let's uh if you don't have trust in me or something, trust someone. Get a brother. Get a hold of God. Go. Don't let the devil continue to hinder. Why would you want to go on wasting more years of your life with your heart all locked up? Can I say it again? Why do you want to waste more years? How about let's tackle the enemy? How about let's go before the judge and say, "Lord, would you deal with my adversary so I can live the rest of my life free in my heart? Let's do it. I'm here as your pastor. Let's do it together. Whatever we have to do, let's tackle it. Can you say amen?" So, here's the examples and the quotes brother gives from He Cares, Do You Care? And it's the first two examples that I'm bringing in this theme tonight. And then I'm going to draw a close here now. I'm bringing this theme of desperation. So, he says here at the beginning, he cares, do you care? Now I was thinking of him caring last evening. Somehow strangely, and this is the first thing he starts to bring up is these incidents. I was led by the Holy Spirit. I went and started up the highway which my wife and my family sitting back there knows it's to be true. And somehow strangely, I turned around and went back to a place, a motel. And then strangely, I went to a place where I had made an odd turn. Instead of turning around there, I went up to make a turn. The lights flashed on a lovely uh couples on the outside. two fine young ladies that I had just married uh to two fine young ministers. Stop right there. So, this happened in Jeffersonville. He married two fine young ministers and their wives. They were just newly married. And so, he married them. And so then uh what happened was as they headed I believe to New York, Satan after he seen the minister, one of them his ministry being set and he took a life's companion right here at this altar. They went away happily on their honeymoon and the enemy jumped onto this young man. And I'm saying this to express what I'm saying. Does he care? Somehow with faith that would not take no, they turned and re returned back here knowing after they was all the way over way in the east here somewhere on their honeymoon. Stop right there. They're on their You know what the devil I mean? He doesn't care you're on your honeymoon. He doesn't care about happiness in marriage. He doesn't care that you just had a a joyous thing happen. That's really the time he's going to bring a complex over your life. something you did wrong from the past. And that's what happened here is Satan jumped on that guy with some condemnation from a complex that happened. Something he did. We don't know all the details, but we know the devil jumped on him. And now they on their honeymoon are not happy anymore. They're struggling with something that Satan was condemning them about. Isn't that just like the devil? Guess what? This is the point I'm getting to, and brother Bram's bringing it out. They turned the car around on their honeymoon and headed back to Jeffersonville with no guarantee they could see or get an interview, but it didn't matter. We're going back there with a faith somehow that would not take no. That's right. What's he laying out? He's laying out the kind of attitude that we need to have when we want help. When the devil's using a complex to condemn us, they turn that car around and left their honeymoon. I tell you, I don't know if how many people would do that. That's pretty important that you get deliverance in your heart when you're willing to say, "We're cutting the honeymoon short because it's more important I get deliverance over this and I get uh get victory over the enemy than finishing my honeymoon." How many of us would do that? But it's showing the kind of faith. This is more important because you're not going to have a very good marriage if the devil keeps condemning you of this complex. So, what's more important? Let's get to the bottom of this. Let's get back to God's prophet. Let's find out what this is. Is anybody listening here? That's right. When you put a high priority of what the devil's beating you up over your whole life and you're really ready to say, "I care about getting deliverance over this." God can tell that and he's going to bring a deliverance. Way in their ease here somewhere on their honeymoon. Next one. Returned back and was sitting waiting. And I walked in fine handsome young man. I imagine he walked into their motel room. his wife sitting on the outside crying her and their and their little companion. So the other man and their brother coming running which is a friend of this young man. So both couples came back saying oh brother Brandham such and such has happened. Went there and seen this handsome young man sitting there just in the peak of his life a leader of young men sitting there and Satan bound him. He's a minister. He's just newly married. was free. At least he felt free as anything. The devil brings something up and now he's not free anymore. There's no mention in here whether he has the Holy Ghost or not. He's got the Holy Ghost. But the devil is using something to defeat him. Just in the peak of his life, leader were young man sitting there and Satan bound to him. He never noticed. But I took my hand to shake hands with his hand and to see if some disease had plagued him. But there was no sign of vibration. So it's not a physical disease. come right out of the room from praying and fasting and waiting on the Lord. The anointing of the Holy Spirit was there and that's why it led us. You see, and then seeing the shadow of darkness over him, I never said what I was doing, but in less than a couple of moments time, it was all gone. The coldness of his hands had left. He was shouting and praising God a few minutes to find himself. Took a few minutes to find himself. He's really shouting. He lost track of himself. He's feeling so free. But I want you to look at this now. I want you to a shadow of darkness over him because of that complex and that devil defeating him. But in less than a couple moments time, it was all gone. The coldness of his hands. Now when he would grab their hand, second pole, he could tell, excuse me, the first pole, he could tell but what disease by the color that came in brother Brandham's hand. How many remember that? We're believers here. So I can be open about this here. He he but this was not a color a disease but there was a coldness in his hands. There was a nervousness and when he was delivered and it was exposed within a couple minutes the coldness of his hands left he was shouting and praising God a few minutes to find himself. And here they sit right here this morning sitting in the audience. See how Satan was trying to upset that man by referring him to of some complex to be built back, which the Holy Spirit knew. And I seen it by the vision of the Lord. But God cared for that man. God cared for that young boy. He cares about cancer. He cares about physical disease. He cares to supernaturally change and kill the curses that come on the physical body. But he also cares about complexes. He cares about anything the devil is using to defeat you and makes you feel like you're less and take your joy away. God cares to set you free from that. Somebody all shout, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. Now he goes to another incident. All right. Next one. Just coming in a few minutes ago, a lady, I see her sitting here in the aisle. It's the same service now, just got her a seat somewhere and way down. She said, "Nine years, brother Brandon, I've tried to get a hold of you." And she said, "I'm so desperate. I I here late and couldn't even get a prayer card to be in the line." So, so nine years trying to get an interview to talk to Brother Brandham about this. A lady moved back and she said, "Brother Brandham, just a word with you." standing there, a vision broke over this finel looking young woman and see that her heart was burdened and she was trying to work to make a living and a great thing happened back way back in the time of her parents. Stop right there. No, go back. A great thing happened back way back in the time of her parents. Now can you imagine friends we don't know the details of this but I just want to bring out something happened way back during the time of her parents it went back a few years and it was still affecting her we don't know physically we don't I know one place brother said about a woman she had heart trouble but it wasn't physical heart trouble it was spiritual heart trouble God cares about all of it but he says he says it was back in the time of her parents showing knowing God cares. And this might be in relation to what I might get into just a little bit in teaching about what I've been mentioning and get into it more specifically because in the middle of this message, Brother Brandham gets into science and how science can actually be a hindrance. Science can be a hindrance to the supernatural God. Science can try to prove this. But then many times he refers to studying books and learning and talking to doctors sometimes about how physical sicknesses goes back to something with a problem with the heart. I'm reading a few reading a few books and you talk about discovering it now. They're really discovering it. But if you have, as I mentioned, some some type of abnormal, I'll call it abnormal thing that happened in your childhood or as brother Steve was speaking a few weeks ago, somewhat of a trauma that happened that was not supposed to happen against your spirit, then it gets lodged in your system. It gets lodged not only in your memory, it can get lodged, especially if you're a kid, gets lodged in your memory, cellular system. Then it becomes a belief system because there's a lie that goes with it that says I must not be worthy enough. This must have happened to me because I'm not worthy and God doesn't care. All these thoughts go back. So then the worst part is you can have lies of the enemy. But when you believe those lies then you bring stress in your body and then stress turns into physical ailments. Right? Most of physical ailments comes from a stress that you're not supposed to have there in your spirit and your heart and your body. And they proved it by science. It's it's it's it's something that's making your body tense in the prayer lines. He says this happened to you and that's why you have your nervous problem because the body's all tensed up trying to deal with that and trying to and then God delivers them and they're free. So there's one part of it brother Steve brought up a few weeks ago. When we when we start to believe that lie about ourselves and we start it it gets ingrained in our minds and our belief system, we have a lack of belief that God can do something and we have a wall up towards God. God has to break down that wall. We have a wall in our heart. And not only this, brother Steve says, you develop an oath. You take an oath to yourself. I will never do this again. I will never be around a person like that again. We take oaths. This preacher hurt me, so I will never trust another preacher again. We take an oath. And that's worse than just a lie because you've taken and I'm standing by. What you do is you lock up your heart because the next minister might be God using that minister to help you, but you've taken an oath. I will never I'll never get close to my kids again. I I'll never uh trust a a father figure again because of what my father did. All these oaths that we take and their lies and God has to come and just dispel all of that and say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I need you to not trust men right now. I need you to trust me. Trust God." And when they begin to trust God and release it, then their trust develops that there are some good fathers. There are some good men. Remember brother Steve saying, "I don't trust any men. I've never seen a good man. I'm never getting married. They take an oath. But when God comes on the scene, he develops a trust. There's some good men out there. There's some Holy Ghost fil men." And so you get free in your heart to uh all right I'll go out and have coffee with a guy okay with a good brother trying to make a living and a great thing happened way back in that time. Let's go to the next one that had caused this great thing to happen to her and the Lord Jesus revealed it and showed what it was and there in a moment's time took it from the woman. You know it's it's like nine years but one moment in the presence of the Lord. That's it. She didn't have to go through a theological seminar. The right setting with a heart that's saying, "I'm desperate. I've been doing this nine years. I'm still coming to desperate and I got this moment." And she said, "Brother Brandham, could you speak to me? A vision broke. In a moment, it's over." How many believe God can still do that? How many believe God is still a discerner of the thoughts and intents of our Yeah. through the level of the word today, he can discern our hearts. Yeah. He can expose the devil the and the defeat that this devil's putting you under. So in one it happened and the Lord Jesus revealed it and showed what is and there in a moment's time took it from the woman. She went around rejoicing and now sitting here in the audience with us now rejoicing with tears as she's wiping her eyes now knowing that the truth of the thing was made known. I say praise the Lord. So, what was it? Desperation. It was perseverance. It was I've been coming eight years. I'm going to go keep coming. I'm going to try to find God. It's said, I'm on our honeymoon, but I've got to go back and find find that source because this is important to me. It's desperation. It's the continual coming that got to the judge's heart to say, "She's wearing me by her coming. I'm going to step out and I'm going to deal with her adversary." Praise be to God. Don't you love him tonight? Don't you want to be free? I want to be completely free. Lord, if there's anything there that the devil shield using, show it to me. Release me of it. Let me be a free. Free in my heart, free in my soul, free in my spirit, free in my mind. I want that. And if they're not there tonight, then listen, I'm giving you hope. I'm giving you hope in the Lord that you keep coming to him. You keep being honest before him. You keep a sincere confession and honesty before him. God has a blessing in mind for you. Praise be to God. Let's stand together. Our precious Lord, we are so grateful, Lord, for the message this past Sunday by our brother. It was a blessing, Lord, to see you confirm what you're speaking to the people. And Lord, we we feel, Lord, unworthy of such things. And yet, this is the word that you have blessed us with that you send us a clear message that with the right desperation in the heart. Lord, you care about every issue, every detail of our lives. Lord, I pray that it would build up the faith of the people. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And Lord, we first of all say if there is any hindrances in our life, if there's anything between us and you, if there's any hold that we have holding back, we don't want to hold back. We don't we want to trust you, Lord. We want to we don't want to put any walls up towards you or towards the body of Christ. We want to trust in you, Lord. And so, Father, would you just help the our congregation and those that are listening there at home tonight, wherever they may be, maybe on the video labor, uh the video later, I pray, Father, that you go to that person you're speaking to just now, Lord. May they offer up, Lord, a heart like Lord uh that that non that says, "I'm going to go dip seven times. I'm going to wash seven times. I'm going to go through the muddy waters he wants me to go through, no matter how painful it is. I'm I'm gonna be like this little woman and I'm going to keep knocking. I'm going to keep asking. I'm going to keep coming before him. And though he would look like he's turning me away, I'm going to keep coming to him. Lord, may we offer up that kind of faith? And you even said when you come back, will you find that kind of faith on the earth? It'll be rare, Lord. Obviously, by the parable, it'll be rare to find that kind of faith in that widow woman, but let me be one of them, Lord. Let me bring that kind of faith, that trust, that consistency that that that won't take no for an answer. Oh God, create in me a strength, Lord, that I would believe when there all the signs say there's nothing going to happen. There's nothing going to step in. May I believe it anyway. Like our father Abraham, he who against hope believed in hope. He who against the doctors believed something greater than the doctors. He Lord who's standing there for many 75 years believing the promise and he have a child Lord. He stood there firm. That's the kind of faith we want like our father Abraham. Bless the saints of God with the maturity from the teaching of the word. May we grow in faith. May we grow in strength. May we grow in consistency. This is your faithful bride. And if we're to be called faithful, then we want to be consistent and faithful, holding on to the word of God through thick and thin. Grant strength, Lord, through your word, and we commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just love him so much tonight. I love the word. I'm thankful for what he's done in my life. Are you thankful what he's done in your life? You're here tonight by his grace. You're here tonight by his grace. And you got a God who really, really cares. He cares. Do you care? Praise the Lord. I don't know what to sing. I like God has given us the victory because it's already done. Can you say amen? God has given us the victory. Let's sing it with a faith in our hearts tonight. Oh, God has given us [Music] By the power of his might, God has given us the victory. Oh, you're given the victory. God has given us the victory. Yeah. Victory. It's a victory. God has given us the victory. God has given us. How many want is peace of mind tonight? God has given us peace of mind by the word. Power of his might. God has given us. Yeah. Peace of mind. Oh, peace of mind. You know, God has already given us his peace of mind. Oh, peace of mind. Peace of mind. God has given us his peace of mind. One more. God has given us overwhelming joy. God, thank you Lord for your joy, Lord. Thank you for your joy. By the word I saw the light, by the power of his might. God has given us joy, joy, joy, overwhelming joy, joy. [Music] given us overwhelming joy. Overwhelming joy. Overwhelming joy. God has given us overwhelming joy. I will not come down to the devil's level. [Music] I will not come back to Satan's crown. No. No. When the devil comes around, I'm going to move right up to higher ground. I will not come down. We'll sing it one more time. Let's go up one key. One more time before we dismiss tonight. I will not come down to the devil's level. Amen. No, I will not come down to Satan's ground. [Music] When the devil comes around, I'm going to move right up to higher ground. I will not come [Music] down. Amen. Wouldn't hurt some of you to shout praise the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Come down to Satan's [Applause] ground. Well, when the river comes around, I'm going to move up to higher ground. I will not come down the devil's level. Gotten this army in due time. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. No, I'm so glad I got this army in due time. I'm so glad. You know, I'm so glad. I'm so glad you got this army. I couldn't walk right till I got this army. This army. I couldn't sit right till I got this army. I couldn't speak right till I got this army. I couldn't live right till I got this army. Sing it now. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so [Music] glad. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Got this army to Couldn't walk right till I got this army. Got this army. I couldn't live right till I got in this army. I couldn't live right till I got this army. I couldn't live right till I got this. Yeah. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Yeah. I'm so glad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. Got this army. Couldn't walk right till I got this army. Couldn't live right till I got this army. I couldn't run right till I got this. I could love right when I got this army. Sing it one more time. You know I'm so bad. You know I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I got you. You know I'm so No. No. No. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so glad. got this army, you know. I'm so glad. I'm so glad I got this army. Glory. Praise the Lord. I'm God bless you all. I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. Oh, I keep on trusting. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] were.
