################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - 2025.05.28 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 4) - Paul LaFontaine - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   2025.05.28 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 4)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5Da3UkXYQk
========================================

[Music] Don't touch. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you all prince of peace. for that is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you, oh mighty God, for there is none like you. Heavenly Father, Lord, we've gathered in your house tonight, Lord, with thanksgiving and praise to you, almighty God. You are worthy, Father of our praise, Lord, says you inhabit the praises of your people, Lord. That is why we're here to worship you, Lord. Lord, to hear your words tonight, Lord. May your anointing come, Father. Anoint the service. Anoint the pastor, Lord, as he prepares to bring the words of life to our hearts tonight, Lord. We commit our hearts into your hands. Commit the service into your hands. We love you, Father. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's sing that song, Ba Land. If we can pull that up. I'm kind of homesick. Oh, for a country. How many can testify? Amen. To which I've never been before. Lord. Yes, Lord. No sad goodbyes. Thank you, Lord. Will there be spoken? Thank you, Lord. Oh, for time. No matter anymore [Music] with all your heart build the land. Oh the land [Music] I'm longing for you. will. Oh, and someday [Applause] [Music] [Applause] on thee I'll stand. Hallelujah. Declare my home shall be eternal the land. [Music] Oh sweet the land. Second verse. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm looking now. Yes, Lord. Oh, across that old river. [Music] Oh, to where my faith [Music] is going to end inside. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, there is just a few. for days to labor. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and I we're going to change [Music] [Applause] our heavenly life with all your heart. Yes, Lord. me. [Music] I long for you [Music] and someday [Music] I'll stay. [Music] within my home [Music] shall be eternal land. [Applause] [Music] Oh, sweet the land. And what a day that will be. Oh, when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. Oh, what a day. Glorious day that will be. There's coming a day. Well, there is coming a day when no harmache shall come. No more clouds in the sky and no more tears will dim our eyes. All this peace forever more. on that hand be sure. Oh, what a day. Oh, glorious day that will be. Oh, and what a day. Oh, that will be when my think about it. Hallelujah. Oh, when I look upon his face, the one who shakes me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. [Music] And I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on his way. For he had promised that he'd open all of heaven. Oh his father, it could have good any day. For when God's people humbled themselves and called on Jesus, they looked ahead expecting as they pray. But I just feel like something good is about to happen. Brother, this could be that very day. Well, I have learned in all that happens just to praise him. Well, for I know he's working all things for my good. Yes, Lord. Every tear I shed is worth all the investment. Oh, for I know he'll see me through. He said he would. Well, he has promised I here can hardly fathom. Well, all the things he has in store for those who pray. And I just feel like something good in the about. And brother, this could be that very day. Well, I have noticed all the bad news in the paper. Well, and this seems like things simple every day. But for this child of God, it makes no difference. Oh, it's bound to get better either way. Well, in the darkest nights, there's still hope for tomorrow. Sunshine always breaking through clouds of praise. Lord, I just feel like something good is about to happen. Let's stand and sing. Yes, Lord. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. Well, I just feel like something good is on it way. Well, promise that it'll open all of heaven. Oh, hey, brother. It could happen any day. Well, we got people humbled himself and call on Jesus. Oh, waiting and expecting as they gra. Well, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be that very day. And when the regime are gathering in one and all s and how we see when redeemed are gathering in well I am thinking of the rapture in our blessing on high when the redee are gathering How the winds are heavenly and come in that city in the sky. When the redee are gathering in the red are gathering are washed like snow from all sin. I will shout and I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what musical, what singing for the city will be grown. When the regime are gathering in Well, when the regime are gathering in all like sing hallelujah, how will we sing with redee with their voices clear and strong with redeemed are gathering in the angels will listen for they cannot join that song with the redee are gathering in the redee are gathering in oh free Well, how will power when the redee are gathering? Well, then the savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the regime are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. Let's clap it. [Music] Well, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the bac [Music] and we'll hear his invitation from the blessed of the Lord when we hear then turn around and greet your neighbor. Hallelujah. The three are gathering in all my soul free from all s. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, when the regime are gathering in all walks like free from all sin, the power will shout and power. When the regimes are gathering in when the regimes are gathering in wash like snow and free from all sle [Music] [Music] praise the Lord won't that be a Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Sing the song key. Pour your spirit out. As a prayer request, we prepare to come on. We sing this song. Amen. And pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pull the crush on me. Lord, fill my cup again. Oh, hear my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now for your spirit is in that verse. [Music] Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Yes, Lord. Find my tri broken places thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I wander far away from you. you for you are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall just like the rain. Oh s to raise my thirsty soul come and pour fresh on me. Lord fill my cup again. Oh heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Oh, your spirit now. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Your son [Music] be seated. Amen. So we cry out your name. Hell should I God of grace, oh Lord most high, oh Jesus Christ, we rely on your grace at a night, crowned in praise. Oh Lord most high. Oh Jesus Christ, father of life. Oh father of life, seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. Oh, and Lord, you have said that if we call upon your name that we and our families will be saved. So we cry, "Yes, Lord, how short came else should I go of grace, [Applause] oh Lord, most high, oh [Music] And we [Music] [Applause] on your grace as I crowned in praise. Oh Lord, most high. Oh Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh, and father of love. He's never failing to forgive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. again. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. Let's stand and sing it. Amen. We cry out your name. else tonight. God of praise. [Applause] Oh Lord, no sign [Music] Jesus Christ and we Lord on your grace and crown in Praise. Oh Lord [Music] most high. Let's sing that second verse one more time. Oh father of love. Oh and father of love. You're never failing to forive. Each moment is a gift from you to me. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. Oh, we cry. your name. should I God of grace for Lord [Music] most high Jesus Christ [Music] and we rely yes Lord on Oh grace. Thank you Lord. [Music] Crown in praise. Oh Lord most high. Sing one more time as brother Paul prepares to come. Praise the Lord. Yes Lord. So we cry. Hallelujah. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. We're going to be in the house of the Lord tonight. God bless you all. And we're going to turn together to Hebrewsap 11. Trust you remember all the prayer requests that were read tonight before the Lord. And some put their name, but they and I was mentioning all the veterans or not the veterans but the wonderful heroes of faith that's come out of our church this person gave me all of them because I missed a few and memorial day we were remembering our people who went on to be with the Lord and their reward brother John Lefontaine brother Steve Johnson brother Bill Chandler uh Grandma Olive brother Ron Ball brother Gary Denman and Sister Janet Mills as well so I forgot a couple of those but I appreciate you writing bring those in, whoever did that. And we've had some heroes of faith that has died believing this word with all their heart. And so we honor them and they've left a good legacy for us to follow in their footsteps. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's he read in Hebrews chap 11 and um Hebrews chapter 11, the faith chapter. And speaking of heroes of faith, this is the heroes of faith in the scripture. And uh we are appreciative to have such a history of 6,000 years of so many uh wonderful men and women of God. Praise the Lord. Hebrews chap 11 verse one. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen. When we enter into this faith uh of God, then we realize it's not the things that are visible, it's the things that are invisible, but they're every bit as real. Can you say amen? So come coming into this type of faith and I'm sure you all would desire coming into this faith means that our dependence is not at all on what we see but on what we don't see. So you have to remember that about the the approach to this faith. It's things the evidence of things and when it says evidence it's definitely there but it's things that are invisible. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith, we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were made of things which do appear. Excuse me, not made of things which do appear. Uh, by faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous. God testifying of his gifts, and by it he being dead, yet speaketh. By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God had translated him. For before his test translation he had this testimony that he pleased God. But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he how many want to please God tonight? For without faith is impossible to please him. For listen to this. This is my text tonight. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, not that he was, not that he will be, but it's a present day God. And your faith is rooted in it. He's living now. He's present now. must believe not that he was, not he will be, but he if you're coming to God with this kind of faith, you have to believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Praise the Lord. May God add his blessings to the word tonight. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful, Lord, for the uh the chance to be able to express our hearts in worship. We pray you'll bless anoint us tonight, Father. All the ears that are listening, may we listen with faith tonight. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word. We pray that you'll encourage, you'll strengthen, Lord, uh rebuke whatever is needed to us tonight. We just pray that you'll bring us closer to that walk with you. We pray as we commit the service to you in all things said in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We sure enjoyed the worship tonight. That's my cousin there leading songs and he did a wonderful job tonight. Can you say amen? We certainly appreciated it. And uh yielding to the Lord. We appreciate all of you coming out to the house of God. Those all that are listening at home and can't make it so far, such a far drive. So, it's always good to have you. I want to continue tonight a little bit in part four of my series, the key and he cares. Do you care? And I wanted to use Hebrews 11:6 as a a basis tonight for the a little bit of the subject that we'll get into. And uh I wanted to use this faith chapter and specifically when it says he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. This is a faith and an approach uh to getting to God and getting results from God. Uh how many want when we go to God, we want to get results. We want God to step in. We want to tap into the supernatural God. And so this is this is kind of found a found foundational but is it is in harmony with this subject that brother Brandon brought us that the he cares do you care it's a wonderful key that we're talking about and this scripture is in line with it because when we come we must believe that he is in other words it's not a god of yesterday it's not a god of the future but he's a god of now and that he is he's present his presence is here now and all that he is is here now he is not limited can you say amen man. He's we we cannot any of us believe that God is limited in any way, but that when he is when he's present, then he's all here and he's able to perform all things. The second part of is those that uh believe that he's a rewarder of those not just that half-hazardly come to him, but those that diligently seek him. So, this is in harmony with this. He cares. Do you care? A God I've been saying that a God that really cares. He wants to step in. He wants to deliver. He wants to change. He wants to bring answers to our life. And when he does that, when he steps in, he shows that he care. He doesn't say that he care. He shows that he cares. And then on this other side, do you care? It shows someone that how diligent they are to come towards God and to say, I believe that he is, and I believe I'm going to keep pursuing him, and I'm going to keep uh coming before his throne, and that and I'm gonna while I do that, I believe he's a rewarder. He's a deliverer. He's a God that comes through. He's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. So, here we have the a revelation that he is, but also a revelation that he responds to those who are diligently seeking him. And not half-hazardly, not just, you know, well, yeah, I believe God, but those who are diligent about it, those who are serious about it, those who are sincere in the message, he cares. Do you care? We're going to get into some things later on in this series. And brother Bram speaks of our s the depth of sincerity. Uh the depth of our confession. I want to get heavy into detail with those things because we can say with our words that we care, but when we go to the depths of sincerity and God's looking at that s sincerity and he's looking at the depth of our confession, then that shows that we care. That shows that we're serious. Not just lip service, but something that comes from the devil. I really believe this. I really believe that he is. I really believe he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. I really believe that God is able to do that because he's present now and he's able to do it. That's the kind of faith that's the kind of confession that we offer to him. And and so um I I think these things are are important for us to look at in light of the message. He cares. Do you care? So, you know, we last service we talked about this uh we gave we read a couple examples of testimonies that Brother Brown gave at the beginning of the service and I read both of those examples. It's amazing that he starts this whole um message or sermon with a couple of examples and I I really enjoyed the examples and I'm going to bring out several reasons why here as a foundation tonight, but we we read those in the last service. So, I'm just going to refer to them tonight. I don't have them up in the quotes again, but uh there's two examples of testimonies and one of them where brother Brandham says they had a faith that would not take no would not uh take a no. And then the second the lady talked about coming after nine years and she kept trying. She didn't give up. So he's bringing out a couple examples of what we should be showing we care and that is we keep coming and we don't take no. In other words, we we're are going to continue to come till we find him. And the second thing is we we don't give up. And so we find this principle in Hebrews 11:6. And that is we believe that he is. We believe that he's that he cares. We believe that he's able to do it. But also our faith shows that we're diligently seeking him. And uh these two examples showed that they cared to diligently seek help and God cared enough to step in and move the darkness out. So, but there's a couple things that I want to bring out in these examples tonight. Um, neither of these needs that he mentioned, and I'm going to have to refresh your memory what they are, but neither of them uh are related to uh neither of these needs that are brought are related to physical healing that they needed. So, here we are in the middle of a healing uh first of all, healing revival. A lot of physical healing that took place. God rising with healing in his wings again and showing himself powerful. And there was, you know, I mean, we can't talk about it tonight. We we'd never get to all of the meetings with the healing revival, not just in Brother Brandham's ministry, but he spearheaded a whole healing revival with tents and cathedrals just opened up uh with thousands, literally thousands of people being instantly healed. Whether a miracle or healing, whatever it was, it was still a great healing because the Bible says he, the son of man, would rise with healing in his wings. He's showing that he can heal physically. In this sermon, brother Brandham gives a couple examples and they're not needs that are related to physical healing. Uh Satan in in the first one, Satan was binding a young man who was just married and he he was binding him up with a complex. They got married. Two couples got married, Brother Bram's church, and they took off uh to their honeymoon back to New York. And when they got there, I think they were done with their honeymoon. Something happened and the devil got on this one pre uh young preacher. And there's no details, but brother Bram called it a complex. And the devil overshadowed him and brought this cloud on him and begin to bind him up and he got defeated. And they had just left brother Bram. They went on their honeymoon. They were as happy as ever, both of these couples. and the happiness was gone. Satan had bound this young man up. I don't know if he reminded him of a past sin. I don't know the details. All I know it wasn't that he come all the way back to Jeffersonville for physical healing. He was coming back to get a hold of God for a complex. He was coming to get a hold of God because Satan had bound him not in a physical healing but with a complex. Now, we don't think in terms of going to God so much for our complex, but we need to. Can you say amen? Because Satan can use anything to bind a person up. Physical he physical sicknesses, it's obvious that Satan's getting us with that. We're down, we're weak. Whether it's a cold or cancer, whatever it is, Satan just reres havoc with that. makes us weak, makes us down, and we know we're being bound because we can't do what we normally do. So, that's obvious, but it's not as obvious when Satan is binding us up in our spirit, in our heart with a complex or something. And sometimes it goes on for years. But oh, how Satan likes to use other things besides physical sicknesses to bind us up. And in this case, the first example, like I said, I'm not reading them tonight, but there was a young minister and he he got he got over there. Something jumped on him. This is the words Brother Bram's using and and uh Satan was binding them up and they were happy and Satan reminded him of something and basically stole away their happiness of their honeymoon and feeling so free. Steal. Isn't that like the devil stealing the happiness that we have? stealing the contentment that we have, taking away our happiness. And I believe that God's people should be happy. I believe God intended, and I'm quoting from the message, Brother Bram said, God intended human beings to be happy, to make us happy. Even at the end of marriage and divorce, when he was talking about all the mess ups and everything, and he said, "We can't fix it now." He said, "Go on. Don't ever do it again." And then at the end in his prayer, he said, "God, make these families happy." God is more for your happiness than anything in this world. God wants people content. God wants people free. God wants people happy. Can you say amen? And it's the devil that steals that away. And that's what he did in this young man is just they lost their their joy even of their honeymoon. And brother Bram said when he met him, he seen a shadow of darkness over him and even a sadness over the other couple and his wife. They're crying. He sees him there at a motel. He drives in the parking lot. They see him there. And incidentally, Brother Bram says it showed God cared because he said he had been fasting and praying for days and then he just started driving. He was supposed to go somewhere and he just felt led to turn into this uh parking lot and sure enough these people had been waiting. no way to get a hold of him. But God led the two together. Why did God lead the two together? Because God cares. God knows what's going on. And here's a young man. Brother Brandham didn't even know it himself. Drove all the way back from New York. And he's sitting there hoping to get a chance to come back and and and meet God, God working through his prophet. And here he drives in the and he's seen a shadow of darkness over him. And so I just want to point out in this incident, there's no it's not physical healing. It's a complex and Satan's binding him through that. Then the lady that he talked about was burdened for nine years and she couldn't get to brother Brandham for nine years. She kept coming trying to get to him. But it was a problem not in physical, it was a problem, he said in her heart. It was some problem in her heart. What was it? He said something happened with her parents years ago that made something happen to her. So now we don't have a physical healing that's needed. We we don't have we don't have something that's uh by any means normal, but something was passed down by Satan and was binding her up. Some generational trouble. So I'm just saying this to show you God cares about all things. Can you say amen? God's not just concerned about healing you when you need healing physically, but he's concerned about every detail of our lives. And in this case, there's a complex and then this lady, it was something generational trouble passed down. Something her parents did years ago that made something happen to her. And she began, her heart began to be burdened. She had it for years. She was having trouble finding a job. She was a mess. She was nervous and tried for nine years and kept trying, kept trying. And finally at the I think it was at the end of a service, Brother Bram walks out the back and she never could get a prayer card or anything. And finally they connect there outside the service. God brings them together. God shows him a vision and right there in a moment's time he says he she's sitting in the service right now and she's starting to cry because she knows this is true. In a moment's time, the Lord revealed to her what her trouble was. And guess what? The trouble wasn't physical sickness. It was trouble in the heart. And then he says, notice that God cared for that woman. God cared that he didn't want to leave her go on. And she went a long time, nine years, but God cared. And when God cared and it was time, he stepped in. When God cares, it might be a long time, but when he steps in and shows he cares, then it's over. And Satan, he said she was burdened and she carried this burden for many years. She was troubled by it. It was a generational trouble. that took place. And so, uh, the question is after, uh, looking at those first examples, and if you're reading along in the message with me, which you should be, if you're reading along, you you you have to realize that, uh, that he's saying something in this little sermon of uh, he cares. Do you care? It's not so much a sermon, but it's a it's teaching sons of God. It's teaching sons of God that there's a channel that we get into. there's a a place that we can get in to create the right atmosphere, create the right attitude. And when we get into that channel, then God is able to work in that atmosphere and step in, show he cares in the situations in our lives. So, it's a teaching uh it's not so much a doctrinal sermon, but it's a a teaching thing to show us those way. My question is after those examples, should we be ignoring these type of things that Satan binds us with? heart issues, generational trouble, guilt and shame, condemnation that comes from the past, a complex. Should we be ignoring those things when Satan is using those things to bind us? Absolutely not. We should not be ignoring them. Do we only go to God when we're sick? You see, it's harder to detect the heart issues than it is a fix physical sickness. It's it's easy to feel and sometimes even see the issue. When someone's sick, they can see it. Sometimes if it's something that's uh uh visible on the outside, sometimes it's internal in the body, but the person feels it. They they they they feel the sickness. They feel weak. Uh we were praying for some tonight. Even my uh daughter-in-law that feels a bit weak, a bit sick. Lily, we're keeping her in prayer. But you feel that. And so it's it's it's more obvious that Satan is trying to weaken somebody. But things of the heart aren't as obvious. You don't feel them as much. At least we don't talk about them. But Satan combined just as much as he does with a physical sickness. And so uh we we just look at this these examples and and we realize we should never uh ignore anything that the devil's trying to bind us with darkness. This type of darkness in the heart is is more subtle, it seems like. And uh it it it can draw us aside. It can sometimes we keep it hidden for many years because it's not as obvious and it's more subtle. The de devil's using it. The the the binding up of a spirit and the heart is a lot more subtle by the enemy than it is to have a physical sickness. We can easily say, "Well, I'm sick and the devil's making me sick." Yeah, that's easier. But when Satan is binding up somebody's spirit of their heart or binds them for years with a complex and keeps that that cloud over them, it's harder to detect. It's harder to expose. Can you say amen? It's harder to be real about it. And that's what we'll find in this series is that when we begin to be real, when we begin to confess, when we start to say, "Lord, I really want help. I got something laying here that I I don't know why I've got this complex, but I'm willing to lay it before you. Show me what it is. I don't want to go another day and let the devil keep binding me with this. I don't want to go on and try to act like I'm successful and I'm not really spiritually successful because I know the enemy is trying to keep me bound by it. So, we we don't want to uh just hide it. Can you say amen? So, we look at this young man and his friends and driving all the way back and getting help for the trouble of uh uh Satan using this complex. We look at the lady waiting for nine years and they're saying, "I need to be free." And the the point that the prophet is making, I believe, been given these examples is God cared for that too. surrounded by countless years of healing lines and thousands healed of every manner of disease. Don't anyone dare to think that God is not wanting to care about other things that Satan binds people with. I know that seems simple tonight, but don't ever ignore any area that the devil is binding you. Don't ever just brush it off. Don't ever just say, "Well, that's that's not important." Any place the enemy is trying to overshadow your spirit, it needs to be addressed. It needs to be exposed. It needs deliverance. Can you say amen? So, we have to become a people. And I just wanted to make one more point from it from the examples and then we'll move on. The couple in the story and the woman believe that God cared for these things too. He they in order to make the trip that they did, they believe that God cared for these things too. Do they believe that I've got this complex that the devil's overshadowing me with? I've got this something happened with my parents and I found out about it. Now it's affecting me. And they believe that God cared for those things, too. And diligently seeking out a source that God could work through to get the bottom of it. Why did they do that? Because they believe that God is he's a present tense God. If they'd have believed that God was, they never would have pursued and went back and tried to find the source and find the prophet to try to get help. But they believe that I believe God is and he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. They believed in the present God. They believe there's some help somewhere. There's a source. And guess what? That source is still here tonight. That God is still here tonight. There's somebody. This is the body of Christ here tonight. And Christ is here in his body. We should never believe the doubt from Satan that there's not help somewhere. God has help somewhere in his body. God has somebody who can lay hands on you. God has somebody who can get through to God for you even when you feel like you don't. Can you say amen? And so this couple believed that God cared for these type of things too and diligently sought out the source that God could work through to get to the bottom. And why they knew that? They believe that God is a present tense God. And they believe he cared for this too. And they believed if they kept seeking him, he would unbind them and he would set them free even from this complex, even from this thing that they wouldn't normally think that, but they believed it. They believed, I'm going to keep going to God. I'm going to I'm going to find him because I believe he cares about this, too. So, I want to take another section of uh this message. He cares. Do you care? And I I want to look at it tonight. That was a bit of a foundation, but I want to look at this. And it's it's what this is doing is bringing us into a a strong believing that Jesus is here in every way that he was while he was on earth. And this the point brother Brand makes in the sermon that Christ is here in every way except his corporal body. See, brother Paul, I already knew that tonight. I didn't need to come. I already had that. Did you? Are we really standing as believers and believing that God is He's a rewarder of those that diligent, but that God is. Do we really believe that Christ is here tonight in every principle and in every form that he was 2,000 years ago on the earth? Praise the Lord. Because I think when we look at that, we look at all of life completely different. And I'm not talking about just at church coming to church. It'll affect the way you come to church because you'll walk in the doors and realize you're not looking at what somebody's wearing. You're not looking at who's doing this or who's playing the instruments. We're so carnal because we're always looking at people and looking at everything else. How much is of our mind time and thought time is spent on those things and not spent on realizing, wait a minute here. Wait a minute. God, Christ is present in every way. The potential for him to do something is here tonight. How much are we looking at the outward? You know, how many's going to be there at church? When I was a young pastor, you know, I I was always thinking about who was there and who wasn't there? And to be honest with you, I do pray for the ones who begin to miss a lot. But I don't think it's a good idea. But I don't keep count all the time of how many is there. Some people can't. Some people can and they're not here. But I don't let that worry me because wherever two or three are gathered. I'm going to preach like there's a thousand people because a God is there to make change. God is present. He said he'd be present with two or three being there and they're believing with all their heart. So it's not about numbers. You come to church because you have a hunger to come to church. I can't put that hunger in people. But everybody will be there or listening in when they've got a hunger for God. Can you say amen? So you don't worry about that. But I'm just using an example of me when I was young. You worried about those things. You're looking at those things. We need to quit looking at the visible and look at the invisible. We need to stop looking at our problems and look at our promise. We need to stop looking at what we see and look at what we can't see. Because what I see in the invisible is that he is here in every way that he was here 2,000 years ago. He is here. Jesus is here in every way that he was here while he was on earth in a body. Brother Bram says Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that means tonight he is here in every way except the corporal body. every bit of himself. Can you say amen? We can say that with our mouths, but he this needs to be so deep within us that we never feel something is lacking on God's part. Now, something may be lacking on our part, but God is not lacking in any of his. There's no limitations. He's not lacking in anything tonight. He's here in every way as he's always been. Now, do we need to pull into a channel of faith to draw him in? Do we need to create the right atmosphere? Do we need to say the right thing like Hattie Wright says? Can you say amen? Do we need to get in a channel to say, "Lord, let my attitude be right." The right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass. Do we say and do things and sing things and worship to trigger the presence of God and bring it on the scene? Yes. But it doesn't mean that God is not here in every way. He's already here. Amen. But it needs to be deeper within us and never feel like something is lacking on God's part in him in him caring. Whatever tells you, listen to this now. Whatever tells you that he is limited, either the feeling of your unworthiness, your denominational teaching has taught you that he's that he's not the same and he doesn't do the days of miracles are passed. That comes from denominational teaching. You see the difference in religion and and nominal Christianity sometimes is that they they believe to a certain extent but they don't fully believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. They put limitations of God. All the miracles was with the apostles. I've heard pastors tell me that all that stopped with the apostles. They don't have a right to say that. There's no amen at the book of A at the end of the book of Acts. Anybody notice? A lot of the books they'll say amen. Book of Acts don't have amen. cuz it's not finished yet. You couldn't put an amen on the book of Acts cuz it's not done yet. He's doing things through me. He's doing things through you. The book of Acts don't have an amen on it until we're gone in a rapture. Praise the Lord. You can't put limitations on God. If he did it before, he can do it tonight. If he opened up the blind eyes before 2000, he can do it tonight. There are no limitations on what God can do. Only what we put on him. But don't you ever buy into the idea that uh that God is limited by your feeling of unworthiness. You may feel that and the devil's beating you up, but that does not limit God is all here. Can you say amen? Denominational teaching. I'm mention some more. The voices that's in your mind. The voices in your head or your your uh your need your need is somehow out of touch with him. Your need is a different need. And your need is so unique and different that it's out of his touch. That's a lie of the enemy. Amen. Or he does not concern himself with details of my life like this. These particular details he's not concerned. These are all lies. Can you say amen? He that comes to God must believe that he is and he is here. Hallelujah. You don't get anything else tonight. the revelation. He's here in all of his glory, in all of the he is there's nothing lacking in him tonight. Everything that he did in your Bible, he's here and can do it again. Praise the Lord. So, Brother Bram says in the next section of he cares, you care. He says, "When he was here on earth, as I say, I don't know if you guys got those quotes or not. When he was here on earth, as I say, he cared for the people so much till he healed their sick, comforted their hearts, told them about a place that where he would go and prepare for them and would come again to receive them unto himself. He cared for them. I'm going to read that again. When he was in earth, I I just want to watch want you to see what he's presenting now, okay? When he was here on earth, and we all read the four gospels and we read all the things that he did while he was on earth. Um, and when he was here on earth, did I forget to send those quotes to you? You did you get them? Okay, good. When he was here on earth, as I say, he cared for the people so much till he healed their sick. But that's not all. He comforted their hearts. He told them about a place where he would go and prepare for them and would come again and receive them unto himself. He cared for them. Now, most of us could say amen to that. We read the four gospel and gospels and we can say he cared. He cared about situations. He fed the hungry. He answered questions. Our Jesus, he answered questions. He of course when he answered the questions of the Pharisees, he usually answered it by asking them another question. But if somebody had a sincere question, remember brother Rat bringing in that time about questions are great, but Jesus would discern the motive of the question because some people, the Pharisees had a motive behind their question. They didn't want an answer to the question so they could believe and follow Christ. They were trying to catch him in something. So he discerned the motive. So Jesus would turn another question back to them, tie them all up in knots. But Jesus was available to answer questions to sincere questions. Jesus fed the hungry. He He was concerned about it. He took time to teach people. He ate with publicans and sinners. Can you say amen? Can you say amen? He ate with publicans and sinners. He got criticized for that. He spoke with prostitutes. I know that sounds bad, but he was bringing life to them. And so he had to speak to them sometimes. He spoke to prostitutes. He delivered people from the snare of legalistic people. Right? when they come legalistic people and took the law and was ready to stone that woman. He come beside that woman and he took care of those legalistic people and those Pharisees because he said, "He that's without sin, let him cast the first stone." And then he grabbed the woman's hand, no doubt. And said, "Listen there, where's your accusers?" She said, "I don't have any anymore." Cuz Jesus had run them all off. And he said, "Where's your accusers? I don't have any." He said, "Not I don't I don't condemn you either. Go and sin no more." He cared for that. He cared that that from that day forward, she would no longer be a prostitute. But she found her life in God. She found her life as a daughter of God. Can you say amen? He delivered people from the snare of legalistic people. He looked at the inside and not the out. He found a short businessman with a short person complex and asked him over. He asked himself over. That's what bastards do. They asked himself over to for dinner. I did it many times. But Jesus got this young Zakius shorty. Had to get in the tree to see Jesus cuz he he was short. Probably had a short person complex. Walked up Zakius. He said, "I'm inviting myself to your house tonight. I got something to share with you." Why? Because he cared. That's our Jesus. He would show up wherever he was invited. Jesus was available. Can you say amen? He sought to make people happy and free and do what it took to get them there. And this wasn't just a a fleshly carnal surface happiness. His happiness brought deliverance to the person. Deliverance from condemnation. Can you say amen? Deliverance from diseases and afflictions and all these things. His caring went beyond just saying I want to make you happy on the outside. He wanted to make them really happy. And that is deliverance, setting them free from heart problems, from from diseases. Can you say amen? That's when people are really happy and free and and do what he could to get them there. Any anybody can see a theme when they read the four gospels. He was God and Jesus was what God acted like on earth. And we could see in the four gospels, this is what God is acting like. And you know what it is? He cared about every detail of people's lives. We're blessed to have the four gospels to be able to see his life on earth. Three and a half years of ministry. And you know what we get to see? This is what God looks like on earth. This is what God acts like on earth. Otherwise, God would have been up there somewhere we would never known. But in four gospels, we can say this is what God acts like on earth. This is what God does. You know what the theme is? He cares to deliver people. He cares. He It's not just patting you on the back, but he cares to bring strength to your life. Can I get an amen tonight? He cares and he showed that he cared every deep detail of people's lives. Praise be to God. Now watch this quote take us through when Jesus was ready to leave his disciples to die and resurrect again. There was a transition here. And incidentally, the disciples didn't like it. Uh they didn't like it. The Pharisees loved it that he was leaving. But uh the the disciples because they didn't understand the transition that actually this transition of him leaving. You see when you have Christ in that form next to you and you're a disciple and you're able to be that close and have him teach you and sit beside him and hug him and just when when you have that there's something I'm sure there's something special about that. There's something wonderful about that. I've often thought many times in my Christian life what it would have been like to just be sitting there right next to him and just sit sitting there and listening and what a special thing. But listen now he had to transition into another ministry because if he didn't if he just kept it that way he could not bring something greater for you. It would have stayed limited. You said limited? I I would have loved to do that. But you see, when God has something better in mind for you, then there's a transition. He says, "I'm going to be leaving. My hour is about up." His disciples getting all nervous. No, no, no. We want to keep things the way they are. Peter takes out his sword. I'll fight this thing and knocks off a ear of a a soldier because he's going to fight. No. What was all this nervousness? We don't want to lose you. I'm going to stand for you. He's fighting the very prophecy of God because if Jesus didn't go, Peter would have never received the Holy Ghost. Can you say amen? And nobody none of the disciples knew this. And so they're they're effect I've got to hold on to this. And it reminds me of people. I got to hold on to this. I got to hold on to this. But sometimes when we have something visible to hold on to, God's trying to take us to a faith to the invisible, a deeper faith. Can you say amen? It's easy if he was standing there in flesh. I imagine people, you know, even the prophet, brother Brandham, they would have loved those days. They glorify those days. I would have loved to be there, too. But listen, God had to take him so that he could decrease and Christ could increase. If he was a hood tonight, which he'd be very old, he probably wouldn't be here. But if he was, I don't believe this message would have advanced to where it's at today in the people's lives because we'd have all had our eyes on William Brham. God knows what he's doing. God had to take his servant because there's a greater part in this message for you to find. But we get all emotionally nervous because we like the visible things. God's trying to take us to a faith that's deeper, the evidence of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. a realm of perfect faith that you don't see it with these eyes, but it's every bit as real. So he goes on to say after he talks about Jesus was here and he he he loved the people. So now watch him make this transition in the message and notice he cared so much when he knowed he must leave in order when he knowed he must leave in order to bring this great thing to us. Look what he says here. He had to leave. None of the disciples, nobody knew this, but he had to leave in order to bring this great thing to us. He said, "I'll not leave you comfortless." Because remember, they're all nervous and all these, but he said, "No, no, no. I'm not going to leave you comfortless, but I will send the Holy Spirit, and he shall continue my care for you until he returns." There's no one cares like Jesus. nobody that his body as a high priest knowing, excuse me, knowing that his body as a high priest in a mediatorial work that he's doing right now, that body must be in the presence of God at all times for intercession. That God cannot see the sinner's sin. He sees only the blood of his own son. And knowing that, he sent back the Holy Spirit to continue to comfort his people. I know this might be very simple tonight, but let's not overlook what brother Brand was saying. Let's not just pass it by here. That the reason that he had to go and take that and then when he died, rose again, the body was as a memorial there in the presence of God so that when God could see that body, he could only look at you through that lamb that was slain for your sins. He could never see you as a sinner anymore. God can only see you cleansed. That's not the half of it. Every part of his spirit, that's the body as a memorial. And God's looking at that sacrifice and he can never see you any in any other way but in the righteousness of God. But that's not the end of the story. Then he takes the fullness of his spirit and he pours it out on earth. Not in heaven. Everything that he was in Jesus, he pours it out where? On the earth again. On the earth again. And that's why brother BM says he's here in every way except the corporal body. He didn't take his own spirit and go up into heaven somewhere. And now for 2,000 years we just got to struggle by and we're just kind of trying to be like Jesus. Get the bracelet. What would Jesus do? Oh, no, no, no. He he, you know, we talk about he came, he went, the second coming of the Lord. And that's fine. But the problem with thinking of the second coming is that we think his spirit and everything went 2,000 years ago. No, it did not. Every form that he was came back to earth in the body of Christ in the people. So anything he did before he would do it. He could do it again. Why? Because he's present. He's here. That's right. So the disciples, you know, it's like when they got filled with the Holy Ghost and all of a sudden now things begin to happen that were so similar to Jesus, they were all questioning. Remember, they were nervous and why do he have to go? Why do you have still didn't understand even after Jesus rose again, he appeared to them and they're still struggling. They're still wondering because they don't understand the word until they receive the Holy Ghost and then they realize something's happened to me. And then they begin to see the same works as Jesus being manifested. And he's not there in a physical body anymore, but it's the same works. You know what they concluded? I wonder if they sang it in the first few nights. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. This was a revelation. He was gone in his body, but every other part of Christ was there manifesting itself. He hadn't gone anywhere. He's in the house. He's with us. He's living in us. There's no missing parts of Christ. Every bit of him is here and available to his people. I tell you friends, it's a powerful thing. And he says he did his min med minatorial work that he's doing now. That body must be in the presence of God at all times for intercession that God cannot see the sinner's sin. He you see that's why I say it's a double thing here because he's looking at that corporal body. He's looking at that lamb and he can only see the righteousness of God in your life. But beyond that, then he fills you with the Holy Ghost. So that he calls it, I'm going to send my comforter that I'm going to continue to comfort my people. I'm going to continue to address everything that comes in their life. It'll be the same Christ in the form of the Holy Ghost. And he'll care the same way that he cared when he was in his corporal body. There'll be nothing missing. Hallelujah. And knowing that, he sent back the Holy Spirit to continue to comfort his people. Does he care? Certainly, he cares. Now, he was to continue to care for his people. His people here on earth, he continues to care for his people here on earth. Next one. In the same manner that he cared for them when he was here, because he said in St. John the 15th chapter, if you want to make, I got notes laying here with these scriptures here. John 15:26-27 he said when the Holy Spirit has come who the father would send in his name he would testify of him in other words he would do the same thing he did the Holy Spirit working through a tabernacle that he had sanctified would do the same thing that he did now what that ought to do for us then we know that right among us today We have the same comforting Lord Jesus in the form of the Holy Ghost, another office that God himself is working in. Amen. Praise be to God. Praise be to God. Blessed be his name. It's us that puts limitations on this. But no, he's here in every way. Everything he did in the four gospels, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he that cometh to God, you better get rid of your denominational ideas. He that cometh to God must believe that he is. Now that's the revelation that brother Brandon brought out to us that Jesus is the revealed word of every hour when you see the word because Jesus is the word. Can you say amen? You say, "Well, no, Jesus, see, this is a this is a a nominal of main most of Christianity believes it this way. It's the Jesus in the four gospels, you see." But that's not just Jesus. Jesus is the revealed. Christ is the revealed word of every hour. So when you have the Jesus is the word, but when you have the word revealed and the Holy Ghost comes and makes that word live for your age, you have Jesus again manifesting. He's always been there, but he manifests the word for the hour. So that's why he said, "He that cometh to God," that's very general, but if you're going to come to God, you must believe that he is. Not he was. How much of Christianity believes in the Jesus that was? And that's fine. I'm not I'm not being critical of it. But the Bible says, "He that cometh to God must believe that he is." That means you believe he's the same yesterday or today and forever. He can do anything he's done before. Brother Bram says people are always praising God for what he did in the past, looking forward to what he's going to do in the future and missing what he's doing now. But what he's doing now is Jesus manifested for that hour. That's when you have the word manifesting in the same way he did 2,000 years ago. You have Jesus again. Not just some figment of our imagination of the picture of the Hoffman's head. We'll see him in his body someday, but in every way he's here. Jesus is the word revealed in every hour. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Well, I'm enjoying this tonight. Praise the Lord. He said, did I finish that? Yeah. In another office that God himself is working in. So, the reaction from his disciples when he's leaving is is not good. Even when he rose again, they still disbelieved. He sighed at them because they just had a lack of believing. When you have been close to God that way and and have so much of God there in that flesh and they loved him and they like being around him, then you're going to get nervous about the life when he says he's going. The disciples showed this even after the resurrection. Their hearts were troubled. The transition had to be made. Why? To bring something better to the people. better than him being here in his corporal body in the flesh. I wonder how many of us if we had a choice, first of all, if we had a choice what hour we would live in, if if we're using our own minds, it wouldn't have been today. If we can live in all the generations that the prophets and then Jesus coming 2,000 years ago, if you had a choice, most of us would not choose today. We'd probably choose something that was more visible, like when he was Jesus of Nazareth walking the shores of Galilee. It's just safer. He's right there and I can touch him. But I'm trying to teach a faith that he was trying to teach doubting Thomas when he said, "Thomas, I'll let you touch my side if it helps you to believe, but blessed is he who has not seen and yet believes." You see, I've come to know the Jesus of the word, and he is a person. He's the same person that was here 2,000 years ago. But when he came in another form to the men on the road to Emmas after Emmas, you listening. When he came to the men on the road to Emmas, the Bible says in another form. So, I don't know what form that was, but it wasn't his normal form. And so they're talking with the men on the road. They're talking with the Jesus. They don't know who it is because he come in another form. Showing us he can come in another form. And it's all Jesus. He did it right after the resurrection. He's he's proclaiming future ways that Jesus could He was a pillar of fire in the Old Testament. He was a cloud. Christ was the one that influenced Moses to to leave Egypt. Can you say amen? and forsake all the things of Egypt. Hebrews said it was Christ for the reproach of Christ. Well, where was Christ and we know back? No, it was the living word. Moses followed the living word. Left Egypt, left all the riches for who? For Christ. So, he's the living word of every hour. And so, the men on the road to Emmas, you listen to Emmas. They're talking with him. At least I got his attention tonight. They're talking and they don't know who it is, but it's Jesus. Then they come they said did not our hearts burn within us as he walked with us by the way and while he opened to us the scripture this is the Jesus that Paul Leontaine has known for since I was 16 years old the Jesus that opens that Bible to me same Jesus with those men and the whole time how long a journey was it brother Dan two hours or three hours journey walking with them I was oh they were walking with him didn't even know who they were walking talking with didn't know it was Jesus but they were sure rejoicing in how he was opening the scripture and then they said why don't you come in have a coffee I'm paraphrasing it's the lefontaine standard revised version my dad used to say why don't you stay and have a coffee we're enjoying this and when he comes in he takes the bread they passed to him and by the breaking of the bread and the way he broke the bread their eyes were open they realized wow he's in a different form but this is Jesus It's the same Jesus in a different form. He's breaking bread. This is Jesus. I've been walking with Jesus all these years. Friends, who have you been walking with all these years in this message? It's not a man. It's not preachers. It's Christ who is opening the scriptures to you. You may be not be able to see a corporal body, but it's every bit Jesus Christ. And that's the Jesus that I know, the one who has opened the scriptures to me. I know I'll see his face someday. I look forward to seeing his face someday. I don't know all those features, but I'll look forward to him. I look forward to hugging him. I look forward to casting, if I have any crowns, casting them aside, and casting them at his feet, bowing before him. Can you say amen? I look forward to seeing him. And I believe it's going to be very soon. But I have no lack of what I know of the character of Jesus, the word of Jesus, all the works of Jesus. Everything that he has done, I have seen it. Even as a little boy, I watched the blind eyes be opened in Lima, Ohio. I've been privileged to see that. Everything he did in the Bible, I've seen him do it. That's a blessing. Praise the Lord. Will, Glory be to God. So those disciples begin to realize he it was him. He was still there living in them. That's why he could say he is here. Why is this laying in here from the prophet? What is important and he cares? Do you care? Why is it important for him to lay this truth in there that he cared for the people when he was here on earth but then he sent the Holy Ghost. I will not leave you comfortless. Let not your heart be troubled. He didn't want your heart to be troubled. You believe God, believe also in me. I'll send another comforter, the Holy Ghost. He'll continue to minister the same care through the ages as I have done while I've been here on earth. I'll do it again through the form of the Holy Ghost. Why is it important that he cares to you care? because you will never seek him with all your heart unless you know he is here. Now, can I say it again? I don't think we will diligently seek him with all of our heart unless we have a revelation he's here. He's available to us. He's He's looking to step into our needs. That's why this is important. You never seek him unless you know he's here now. No counseling time with someone works quite as good unless a person knows that he is present. Not just brother Paul, not just another counselor, but they know that Christ is listening. Christ is present and he has a direct answer and he has deliverance for you. When I'm in the counseling sessions now, I'm praying in my heart the whole time because if that atmosphere changes in a matter of just a few moments, I see the Lord step into that situation and then it's done. You could counsel intellectually for for weeks. Can you say amen? But that person first of all has to know that God is a God of now. He's a God of the present and he can deliver and he cares for your situation. Yeah, they have to know that if they walk in thinking that I'm going to help and they if they they walk in but we're looking for another presence to work through me. Can you say amen? Or come into the room or just come into that heart and all of a sudden they're broken down. Everything changes and he can give a direct answer and deliverance. No church service, no counseling would ever be as what it is unless that person knows he's present. No church service will ever be what it would be to you until you know he's in the house. I'm telling you friends, this will make us come to church different. Even on a Wednesday night when you're tired like you are tonight, you'll come to church different because it's not just another Wednesday night. He's in the house. I said he's in the house. He's present. And he that comes to God. He that comes to church must believe that he is. Hallelujah. Religion will still pray and see him as in heaven somewhere hoping he will send out a blessing. That's the way religion and a lot of Christianity, no offense, but they see it as they see Christ in heaven somewhere and hoping he'll just send out a blessing every now and then. Answer my prayer and send me a blessing. God is so distant. Jesus is so distant. We can't look at God that way. We must believe that he is. He's now. He's present. He's an ontime God. Can you say amen? He's an on-time God. He's a present God in every way. And we can do right now. What he has always done before, he can do it again. No limit, no limitations. God can do anything. We used to sing a song and I can't remember all the words right now, but it used to say, "God can do anything that he's done before." No limitations. What do I believe tonight? I believe a gospel right now and every day that has not one limitation on God to put anything in the past. Whatever he has ever done, he can do right now. Brother Paul, you're really stepping out here. Yeah, I'm stepping out in faith. Not because I have something super, but this is what the word says. Whatever he has done before tonight, he can do it again. Every part of Christ is here and available to the people. Hallelujah. It's not a different time. We haven't raised in this great intellectual time with the bride and all the quotes. No, no. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday. And if you believe this message completely in his fullness with faith with it, you believe that Christ is here now. Last quote. And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast. The same came to for therefore to Philillip which was of Bethesda of Galilee. And they desired him saying sers we would see Jesus. And then for a text the regular campaign theme is Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever. And now upon this word I would like to talk to you just a few minutes. It's a most unusual thing to think that someone or the world would question the words of the creator. But it's because it's dominated by unbelief and spirits of the enemy which make them to disbelieve. So everybody ought to be believing that if he's a creator, he's always a creator. If he created the heavens and earth, he can create tonight. But he's saying the reason most people don't believe that is we have been dominated by unbelief and spirits of the enemy which makes the people disbelieve. I don't believe that anyone ever heard that precious name of Jesus but what long to see him. I've had the privilege of preaching in many foreign nations and great crowds of people come out to hear the gospel. But I've never seen anyone in my life that ever heard of Jesus but what longed to see him. That's why he's reading this. The Greeks are saying sers we see we would see Jesus said never been in a meeting where the people they hear the name of Jesus and hear about him. They long to see him. There's just something about human beings that seems like the old Missouri slogan seeing is believing. And we rely so much upon the sense of sight as five sense senses control the body and a sense of sight is the gate to the soul. It's too bad the Protestant people don't know that the Catholic caught it long ago of little statues and monuments and so forth of saints but the eye the gate to the soul. And these Greeks had heard something about him and they came to find out who he was and what he was and they said sir we would see Jesus. Now, they didn't desire to see his works. That's an interesting quote there. They didn't desire to see his works. They only desired to see Jesus physically. And then if Hebrews 13:8, not if, but it is true, the same I'm closing right now. the the same yesterday, today, and forever is seemingly then that we would be able to see him today just like they did then if he's the same now. If the Bible said that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, then he's got to be the same in principle, the same in power, the same in action, the same in motive and objective. Boy, that brings it to light. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today. There's nothing lacking in Jesus tonight. He's in the house and he's not lacking anything. He can do whatever he's done before. You serve a God that way. Can you say you go to a church that believes that? How many believe that? You're around a group of people. Thank God that's not saying the days of miracles are passed. No. Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. You ought to look that way when you go to work tomorrow. When you go to your pressures of life, when you go, we ought to keep this in front of us. What would we be if we keep this instead of all the thoughts of life that we keep keep this in front of us all day because you're going to hit some things. But if you hold that thought, he that comes to God believes that he is. He's present now. What's he want to do? I want to be available to you, Lord. I want to call upon you if someone needs prayer. I'm not going to get all just be jumbled, if that's a word, over something. I'm not going to let the devil make me all nervous. Whatever comes, if you got that mindset, he's here. He's present. And he's not lacking in anything. So, you're just looking for opportunities to say, "Okay, he's here. Here's a big one, Lord. Here's a big one." But you're here in every way. So, he's not afraid. So, why are we afraid? Did it ever occur to you that nothing has ever occurred to God? Amen. No surprises to him, no nervousness with him. He's in the boat and he's sleeping while the rest of them are worried about the storm. And he's sleeping, taking a nap. That's right. Gets up. They said, "Lord, don't you care that we're about ready to die here? Wake up. We're all getting ready to die." He says, "Oh, ye of little faith." Yes. Why are you so fearful? You know, I've preached this before. Jesus was more concerned about their fear than he was the storm. And I wonder if that's your life that you're calling on Jesus for your storm. But if your fear is bigger than the storm, he's more concerned about delivering you from your fear before he delivers you from your storm. That's what he addressed first. He doesn't look Lord. No, no, no. He looked at them and said, "Why are you so fearful? Why are you nervous? Why are you afraid?" And he had to work with them and work with them and finally get them to Pentecost in the upper room to get the Holy Ghost to get the faith they needed so they wouldn't have this nervousness. They learn to trust there's a God that's here. He's in the house. They didn't know that on the boat, but Jesus knew it so much that he's sleeping while the storm is going on. Oh, praise the Lord. Let's go home tonight and sleep a lot better. You've been letting the devil keep you up all night about stuff, about the storms in your life, how you're going to pay the bills, why don't you go home and get a good night's rest? Because the God that was in that boat is in your boat. Hallelujah. He's in your boat. He's in your house. He's in your soul. He's not nervous about your finances. You are. He's not nervous about your cancer. He's not afraid of that cancer. He's not afraid of your financial trouble. He's not afraid of what people said about you. He's not afraid of that. He's sitting in the boat. He's sleeping. And when he gets woke up, he wants to deliver you from your fears. I am at peace with the Lord Jesus because he's in the house. He's present. I just need to call him on the scene. I just need to bring him. He's the same. He said, "Oh, I'm trying to close." He says he's got to be the same. The last part of the quote there, he's got to be the same in every the same in principle, the same in power, the same in action, the same in motive, same in objective. He's got to be the same in every way except the corporal body. That's it. That's it. That's my service tonight. He is the same in every way tonight here. Hallelujah. Praise God. All of him. All that was in Christ, God. He poured into Christ. All that was in Christ, he poured into the church. That means all of him is here tonight. Hallelujah. There's no limitations. He's not lacking anything. It's all available by faith. It's all available to us. That's why it would be it would be up to him. But if there was a blind person here, if there's some, it doesn't matter. That's why we lay hands on the sick. We don't do the healing. But we have a promise. And what? Why are we holding such a faith? Why are we holding such We're holding that he can do what he's done before. It's not our job to do the healing. It's our job to believe that he can do what he's done before. If in his will, and brother Steven said this to me the other night, uh the other day at breakfast, I believe it was his there's only one thing that would change it. one thing that and that would be the will of God and we always accept the will of God but there's nothing there's no hindrances to faith we believe God's able to do it just like he did it before that's where we stand that's where we stand I'm not moving can you say amen what do they say in that statement say that's where that's my final stand and I'm not moving that's it I'm never moving from it he's the same yesterday today and forever and he's in the house can you say amen He's in the house. Let's sing it. You believe he's in the house? He's in the house. Death had to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Is that a good key? Give us that verse. Let's stand and just sing this tonight and trust it'll just move your faith. Anoint your faith tonight to believe it. Isn't just this house. It's your house, your temple, your home that you going go to tonight. Claim it. Little girl was lying there. People all I don't know the verse. Help me out, Gideon. They just laughed at Jesus. He said she's You know this one, Brother Joseph. You know this one. Come on. I don't know this one very well. Some begin to praise the Lord. So begin to say peace and love. Sing it now. Oh death. Hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] To be now is home. There's no more time. Hallelujah. Somebody praise his name tonight. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] I was like that [Music] all my Jesus touched his heart. your baby life again. I am just a house of clay. And ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in peace. So all the world can see. He's in the house for death has to be. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Oh there [Applause] to praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Sing that first verse again. Sing that first verse again. Hallelujah. Think about this. Now little girl is lying there. People are they just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. Oh yes. And as he took her by the hand and she began to live again to praise the Lord. Yes. Some begin to sing in the house. Oh, death has now [Music] used to be. Yes. Now there is hope. Now there is hope. There's no doubt. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise him. Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh yeah. Think about it now. I was like that little girl. Think about it. And all I see Jesus touched his heart and mine and gave me life again. Hallelujah. I am just a house of faith. Oh yes. that destiny. There's a light shine in me so all the world can see in the house. [Applause] [Music] Now there is life that calls you to ser. [Music] Oh praise his name. Oh praise his name cuz he's in the house. Yes, Lord. Oh, cuz he's in the house. Oh, death pass to now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more town. Oh, praise his name. Oh, praise his name. Sing that second verse. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Second verse. I was like that little girl dead in all my sin. Jesus touched this heart of mine. life again. [Music] Well, I am just a house of clay. And ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me so all the world can see. He's in the house. Oh, death has to be. Oh, now there is light. When darkness used to be, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. Amen. Pour your spirit. Pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pour oppress on me. Lord, fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now. Oh, your spirit power. [Music] Oh Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry hand in broken places thirsty for your love. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Lord, forgive me if I've wandered far away from you. Cuz you are all I've ever needed. Come and make me new and pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Oh, your spirit has sing that verse again. [Music] And Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Yes, Lord. And find my triad, broken places thirsty for your love. [Music] And Lord, forgive me if I've wandered [Music] far away from you. [Music] Cuz you are all life I've ever needed. Hallelujah. Come and make me new. Yes, Lord. And pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and hold the fresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. How many would say, I need him now. Pour your spirit out. It's not just in church. May I be filled and take it with me tonight. And whatever need comes up, I pray you'll have a bold faith to say, "We're going to take that to the Lord right now." Don't be fearful. That's what St. Hastes when the body of Christ backs off in intimidation. I'm not worthy. Get over those things. Got some sin, bring it under the blood, confess it, but you stand there as a son and daughter of God. Whatever it is, sickness or whatever it is, you take it home with you tonight because you take him in your heart. You take him home with you as well. How many believe that tonight? Father, we thank you for the service tonight. Thank you for the healings and Lord, the faith that's been anointed, not by me, but by the word of God. Lord, may we stand boldly with him. May we stand against the ws of the enemy. Lord, when he shoots his darts, may we hold up the shield of faith. God, I pray that we'd go forth tonight as soldiers in your army. That you would, Lord, make these things real to us, Lord. whatever situation we're in, help us, Lord, that you would dissolve all fear and that we would put the future completely in your hands. May we walk in this perfect fa faith. We pray as we commit the evening to you. Those who are on the online, I pray you'd go forth and heal them tonight. Somebody maybe stretched out their hand, somebody stood up in their living room. Oh God, I pray that you'll touch them just now and bring healing to their body. whatever need they have, we know that you're mindful. We commit the service to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Can we give him praise one more time before we go and thank him for what he's done? Oh, God is so good, friends. God bless you, brother. God bless you all. God is so good. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I have a father. Well, if I have a father, I have a father. He calls me his own. [Music] He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, [Music] cuz he knows my name [Music] and he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. Hallelujah. I have a maker. [Music] He formed my heart. [Music] And before even time began, my life was in his. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. And he knows my name. [Music] And he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. Yes, Lord. I have a mother. I'm thankful for it. He calls me his heart. [Music] And he will never leave me no matter where I go. Yes, Lord. And he knows my name. [Music] And he knows my every thought. And he sees each that falls. And he hears me when I call. I have a maker. I have a maker. [Music] He formed my heart. Thank you, Lord. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. [Music] Cuz he knows my name [Music] and he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. [Music] And Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Oh, pure and holy, tried and true with a spiring. [Music] I'll be a living. Oh, sanctuary. [Music] Oh, you. Hallelujah. Oh, and Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. [Music] Oh, pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. And with thanksgiving [Applause] [Music] I'll be a living sanctuary [Applause] [Music] for you. God bless you. [Music] [Music]
