################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - 2025.07.09 - Bro. Brandyn Sinacola - God Of The Waiting (Part 4) - Brandyn Sinacola - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-09
Title:   2025.07.09 - Bro. Brandyn Sinacola - God Of The Waiting (Part 4)
Speaker: Brandyn Sinacola
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv4Onsz9Of8
========================================

Look where he's brought us from. Will you stop and think about it? Look what the Lord Go and greet your neighbors tonight. Sing it. Oh, rejoice. Go and greet your neighbors. Look what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, rejoice. [Music] Look where he's brought us from. When stop, think about it. Look what the Lord has done. Rejoice, rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Drove away the darkness at the right. Look where he's brought us from when we stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. Sing the verses with me. Oh, I remember way back when I was living in darkness and he shined his light around me so I could see my way out. Oh, but when the lamb rose to claim, I could really saw my name. And when I stopped to think about it, I let out a great big shout. Rejoice of what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Rejoice. Hallelujah. Look where this brought us from when you stop. Think about it. Look what the Lord. Oh, you know the enemy is always trying keep us defeated. Oh, he always seems to point us to everything that's going wrong. What if we only keep our eyes on the message he supplies? All the joy will begin to swell up. You'll be singing a brand new song. Look what the Lord has done. Away the darkness and the rising of the sun. Oh joy, look where he's born from. When you stop, think about it. Look what the Lord has done. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. We come to say thank you tonight Lord. Thank you Lord God. Hallelujah. He brought brought us from so much. Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Time flies when you're having fun. Praise the Lord. I'm happy in the Lord tonight. Amen. Me and Olivia are still just twiddling our thumbs, waiting for the great arrival. But I mean, it's the same expectation I have for we should have is coming into the house of the Lord. Amen. Just that expectation. Lord, what do you have for us? Amen. What is what do you look like? That's what I what we ask. What is he going to look like? Amen. It's the same expectation we should have tonight. So, I'm excited to see the Lord tonight. Amen. And meet with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing KFC. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. [Music] All of my days I want to praise all the wonders of your mighty [Music] love. Is that what you come to do tonight? You're my comfort. You're my comfort. I shall the tower of reuge strength. [Music] Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship. [Music] You shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us see. Yes, Lord. Your power and majesty sing praise to the king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound. Hallelujah. Of your name. [Music] And I sing for joy and the word of your head. I forever I love you forever. I'll stand and nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Oh, talk to him now. Sing that again tonight. My Jesus. Oh, you're my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. Nothing else will satisfy me, Lord, all of my days. Lord, I want to I want to praise the wonders of your mighty [Music] love. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I see your comfort tonight. My comfort, my shelter, the tower of reuge and strength. So I'll let every breath and all that I am. Yes, Lord. Never cease to worship. Shout to the Lord. All the earth power to the king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your I for joy and the way [Applause] forever I love you forever. I'll stand. Oh, nothing compares to the promise. Oh, just stand with me and sing it. Nothing nothing compares to the proise. Oh, nothing. No, nothing compares to the proise I Oh, nothing. No, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Truly, his promises are yes and amen tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We'll sing this one as the prayer request would come. Amen. Give that I think we'll do. He's higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love in the verses. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? Yes, Lord. I want to introduce to you. [Music] Oh, in this corner of the good and the right. He's right here tonight. Oh, stands a champion, bro. And his high exceeds the heavens. His weight outweighs the world. His reach reaches everywhere. His sage is ever more. And he is higher than the highest. is greater than the grave. No one could ever take his crown away. And more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. [Music] He's the alltime undersea champion of love. Thank you Lord. He left his hometown. He left his hometown to enter this arena. Thank you Lord to raise his hands in victory for me. Oh, an angry crowd said, "Crucify this king who wore their crown and they gladly watch their champion go down." Hallelujah. But I will never count him out. For I am a witness of the day he rose to retain the title chair [Music] of his higher than the highest. He's gater than the grave. No one could ever take his [Music] mighty mightest he from above. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. He's the alltime uneasy [Music] champion of love. I say praise the Lord. We're ser champions tonight. He's a champion. Amen. That means he's won the battle. He's already won the battle for your life as well. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. Praise the Lord. He's already overcome and that means we can overcome as well. There isn't anything that we can't put under our feet because he's already put it under his feet. Praise the Lord. And the re very reason he says in Revelations 3 that to him that overcomemeth there will be some overcomers even to this age in the last days because he overcome will even overcome in Leodysia. I don't care what problem or what thing that you are looking at. It'll never be bigger than our God. It'll need never be bigger than what God has sent us through this message. Can you say amen? It can never be bigger than that. He's greater than all of it. Praise the Lord. Uh Gideon was talking about our promises. Let's sing He's promised to hold my hand. Let's sing that tonight and worship the Lord as brother Brandon comes. Praise the Lord. Do you love him tonight? Praise the Lord. He's promised to hold my hand. He's promised to help me stand when the valley's too low and the river is too wide. His promise to lead me to the other side. Oh, his promise is a light my way. Never let my feet to stay. And living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises. Sing it again. Oh, he's promised to hold my hand. He promised to help. We stand with the valleys too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the others. I believe his promise to light my way. Never let my feet to stray. living in his word I will overcome standing on his promises one by one praise the Lord just before brother Brand co Melody and all the kids are here tonight Dana and James all the grandkids good to have you sister Melody and all the kids brother Caraso your wife your son god bless you good to have you tonight in this Wednesday praise the Lord welcome you praise the Lord his promise is light my worship the Lord [Music] Straight living. [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless you this evening. Uh usually I attempt to sing something, but I might just forego it for right now until I've got back up here with me. If you want to open your scripture to Hebrews chapter 12. Hebrews chapter 12. And appreciate the opportunity to and the trust to speak to you tonight. And I do pray that you'd be blessed by the word of God. And because that's that's what we're here for, right? That's the main event. Hebrews 12 and verse one. Yes. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses. So this is after Hebrews 11, the the the hero chapter, the heroes of faith. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Let's pray and then we'll read a couple more scriptures. Lord Jesus, we come before you as we look into your face to behold you. We just ask that you'd reveal yourself to us. Lord, help us each to get out of the way now. And I just pray that you would you would really reveal yourself. That's that's my heart tonight. We ask these things in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated and um you can turn there if you want or I'll just breeze through them here quickly. Romans 5:5. Romans 5:5. Now they're quick on the draw. Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith into his grace, wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. And not only so, did I I think I told you wrong, right? Verse three. Okay. And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also, knowing that tribulation workketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us. And then one more just laying the foundation scriptures here. James 1 verse two. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, meaning your faith fully developed, wanting or lacking nothing. So, I'm just I'm going to I'm going to continue um in my my thought here and try to wrap it up tonight. um just on God, God of the waiting, God who owns the waiting, if I could say it that way. He's the God in the waiting with you in those waiting times. And then um I came up with a better title, but it was a little too late cuz I had already had three of them. But sometimes God lingers and that that just we'll read that tonight, but sometimes God lingers. And uh in particular, we've just kind of the channel that I've been in found that in the redemptive names of God that you could find that they the redemptive names were were if I could say birthed or revealed out of out of a a trial out of a a trial of faith. And so um so far it's holding true and even in Jehovah Rafa which is um I'm going to speak a little bit on tonight but I just I don't want to focus so much on healing though I'll be talking about it a lot but uh just just the fact that you know the scripture like the scripture said there's there's Jehovah Rafa and sometimes healing it doesn't come in a miracle it comes in a divine healing which takes some time and in that time is is when God reveals himself I am the Lord that heals all of your diseases. So when it's a miracle, then okay, great. We can we can get it and go. But when it takes some time, he's still Jehovah Rafa. Doesn't matter how much time it takes. So I just pray, you know, we'll catch the balance because, you know, we we've heard some wonderful testimonies and some some wonderful word and and I think if we grab a hold of it, we can have what we have need of right now. You can leave here healed tonight. I believe that with all of my heart, but it doesn't always happen that way. It doesn't always happen that way. And so in those times when it doesn't happen, you know, I'll speak a little bit more on faith, but you know, then the devil can get in there and he can start talking to you. Well, is is God a healer? Does God care about you? Where's your faith at? Do you really have faith? Do you have the Holy Ghost? And all of those questions for a Christian, I mean, let's be real. Those things, those affect us because, you know, we we we want to know God. We want to be right with God. And and so just continuing down that path a little bit and wind it up. I've got a couple lengthy quotes tonight that have just been driving this in my heart and and I just can't get away from them. So, we're going to read them tonight and and hopefully wrap this up. But, so, um, uh, goodness, we're clipping along here. So, I've realized that the redemptive names of God were revealed in their hour and continue through the Bible to us today. So there was an hour, there was a timing that God revealed himself as Jehovah Gyra. And then there was a time he revealed himself as Jehovah Rafa. And it doesn't end just when he reveals it. That's it. And now we move on. But that that extends all the way through all the way to time all the way till today. Regardless of the circumstances we're in, it doesn't matter what the circumstance that you're in. You say, "Well, I God didn't ask me to offer up my firstborn son." Well, he doesn't have to. That the Jehovah Gyra still applies today. So if we have a need, we can call on God and he will answer. You have that promise. God will answer if you call because if God ever was something, he has to be the same all the time. So if he ever was Jehovah Gyra, he always was and always is Jehovah Gyra. And if he ever was Jehovah Rafa, he always is and always was Jehovah Rafa. And so because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Because Jehovah of the old is Jesus of the new. Correct? So he So we know these things and we know we've heard some just some beautiful things lately that he he is. God is and his name is I am. So he's omnisient means he knows everything. He's omnipotent. He's all powerful. And he's omnipresent. He's present all the time everywhere. So you can get your prayer answered here in Michigan as they can get it over in Nigeria. Amen. Amen. It's the same Holy Spirit. And so if we look to Jesus, then we can see light in our darkest hours. If we look beyond the burden of the cross we bear of of of the the situation we're in and look to the author and finisher of our faith, like our scripture, then there's joy that's set before us. But you have to you have to it's what you're looking at. If you're looking at your circumstances, then we get down and we get discouraged. If if we look at what we're going through, if we look at what's weighing on us, but if we look to the author and finisher of everything, not just of your faith, but of their faith, of of that situation over there, of your situation and how it's affecting others, if you look to that author and finisher, then we have light in our darkest hour. It's a joy that's set before us. The the challenge of the hour is keeping our eyes fixed on him. There's a lot of distraction. There's a lot of things in this age that takes us away from the word of God and you know we we have to work and things but but beside outside of work there's social media and things there's so many things that are I and and I'll just be honest with you there's so many things that are more appealing G just give me a little leeway here. There's things that are more appealing than sitting down and reading the word of God to your flesh. Your flesh is going to gravitate towards something other than the word of God. But when you but really when you're done you you you have an empty feeling. But if you go to the word even though you might be dog tired when you're done you fulfill you feel full. You feel fulfilled. So but but how he reveals himself to us in these things is up to him. He's all these things but what that looks like in our situation we don't know. We don't know how he'll come. We just know he's going to come. We don't know how your healing will come but your healing will come. We just know that he that that he will perform his word. And so if you can pull up I think this is my first my first quote. I I I came to a realization. I had a little revelation. I I can't hardly see that screen too clearly. So I brought my pair of glasses just in case I struggle with this. But the problem is is I have two pairs of glasses. One for distance and one So I didn't know which one to bring. What I realized though is that when I turned 30, my check engine light came on and I kept driving it hard and then here we are. Suffering brings patience, works tribulations to bring patience, of course. Now patience makes love and trust. So it takes suffering and tribulation to bring patience. And the result of patience is love and trust. Now faithfulness and patience go together. In fact, patience is the outcome of faithfulness. For it says in James 1:3, "The trying of your faith workketh patience." There is absolutely no other way. I really can't see that there is absolutely no other way in which to gain patience. It has to come by the trial of your faith. Romans 5:3, "Tribulation workketh patience." How highly God regards this outworking of our patience is seen in James 1:4. But let patience have our perfect work, that ye may be imperfect and entire, lacking nothing. God's will for us is perfection. And that perfection is patience. Now listen, he's going to define patience. Patience waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process of character development. We know the only thing we take to heaven with us is our character. How is character molded? Through patience. What is patience? Waiting on God and waiting for God. You can you can just um you can leave that up for a minute. Hebrews 10:36, "For ye have need of patience, that after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise." The word patience that Paul used in the book of Hebrews means endurance. Endurance means enduring hard things over a long period of time. So this will either really minister to you or you'll really dislike me by the end of the service. But this but this this next quote really summarizes my heart. And so I just want to recap just a couple quick things brother Rap said on Sunday um that I realized for me that this this next quote is is it's been to me like the beginning of the book of Job. You get a you get a glimpse into the other dimension. What's going on in the other dimension? And though it might not be the whole explanation as why it it to me it ministered to me that this is part of the reason why we go through trials and they take some time. So um but so we get that glimpse in what I'm about to read to you but in in in in essence the reason why Job experiences trial although a lot was accomplished in his life through his sufferings. So brother Rap wonderfully put it Sunday uh there was a trial taking place that Job was about to be called to the witness stand and that trial wasn't Job which is what I always thought also but God was being put on trial and Job was being called to the witness stand. So something else brother Rap said was we don't need a reason why as much as we need a person and we don't need an explanation but we need a promise. Amen. So the why really isn't the question we need to be asking. What we should be asking is Lord what can I get out of this? That's right. Can I know can I know you more through this? And and so this just lines up perfect with the looking to the author and finisher of our faith. So just just bear with me. It's a little long here, but Revelations 3:10, because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. What does he mean by the word of my patience? Hebrews 6:13-15. For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swear by himself, saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee. And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. You see, the spirit is speaking about the word of God which is given to us. To wait for the fulfillment of that word required patience even as it did in the case of Abraham. He endured as seeing him who is invisible. He was patient and then the word finally was fulfilled. This is the way God teaches his people patience. Why? If he fulfilled his word in physical manifestation the very instant you prayed, you would never learn patience, but would become even more impatient with life. Let me show you this truth even more fully set forth. Hebrews 11:17. By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac, and he that had received the promise, the word of God, offered up his only begotten son. There it is. Catch this now. Abraham was tried after he received the word of promise. Most think that as soon as we pray in Jesus' name over the good promises of God that there could be not be a trial. But here it says that Abraham was tried after he received the promise. That is exactly correct according to the psalmist referring to Joseph uh Psalms 105:19. Until the time that his word came, the word of the Lord tried him. God gives us exceeding great and precious promises. Can you say amen? He was promised to fulfill them and he will. But from the time we pray until the time we get the answer, we must learn to receive patience into our souls. For only in patience do we possess life. May God help us to learn this lesson. Even as we know the people of the sixth age learn patience, we read the history of the lives of these great Christians. What a contrast we see between their lives and ours. For there they were so patient and quiet. and today we are all but overcome and over impatience and haste. He goes on to say to them, because you because you have taken my word and lived it and thereby become patient, I will keep you from the hour of temptation. So So why do we go through these things? To receive patience. Why do we receive patience? To keep us from the hour of temptation uh that's coming upon the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. Now here again we see the overlapping of the two ages. For the promise has to do with the end of the gentile period, which culminates in the great tribulation. I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. This verse is not a declaration that the true church will go into and through the tribulation. If it meant that, it would have said it. But it said, "I will keep thee from the hour of temptation." This temptation is exactly like the temptation in Eden. It will be a very inviting proposition held up in direct opposition to God's commanded word. And yet from the standpoint of human reasoning, it will be so very right, so enlightening and lifegiving as to fool the world. Only the very elect will not be fooled. So if you want, if I can give you a little bit of homework, go finish that quote because then he says what that temptation is going to look like. So it's a it's it's it's very inviting. But so why does God linger? Why do we go through such times of waiting on the Lord? There's a great purpose in God's mind. We will need patience to fulfill that scripture. It would deceive the very elect if it were possible. How do you how do you not be deceived? By receiving patience. Why isn't it possible to deceive the very elect? Because she's learned patience and thus God grants her to be kept from the hour of temptation. And it and it's such a deceiving hour. It's such a deceiving thing. When you when you read the rest of this quote, you'll he says it'll be such an enticing temptation because it'll seem like it's better to serve God publicly than not to serve him publicly. And every Christian wants to be wants to you want your Christianity on display. We know that we should have it on display, but there will come an hour when it becomes so so down and so that those vines just wrap up so tightly together that that it'll seem like, well, it's better to join in with this than to not be called a Christian publicly. And so that'll be the temptation, but we need patience received into our souls. So, you can take that down for just a few minutes. So, I just want to step back a little bit and just recap. I think I might have said a couple of these things, but just to expound a little bit more on faith. Brother Lonnie Jenkins said, "It hinders our faith looking for something that God didn't promise rather than resting in the word." He said, "We scar our own faith looking for something that God didn't promise." Now, we said before how we can we can come presuming and be enthused rather than have faith. Enthusiasm is the has the opposite effect and it hinders our faith when we when we don't get what we're looking for. We can come up and and you know and and and us ministers can be guilty of it of building that up and then the people come and they expect to walk away healed. But when you don't, your faith actually is hindered. It's it's it's it's a it's a scar in your faith. And even if we know that something's not quite right with it, we can give ourselves to it. And then there's there's just a little hindrance that we walk away with. So, and I just want to point this out again. The angel of the Lord rebuked the prophet, telling him he's putting too much emphasis on miracles. That if he doesn't stop, the people won't believe him unless they see a miracle. Now, I'm just going to reiterate. I'm not saying the days of miracles is passed. I don't believe that for a minute, but I'm bringing a balance because I think through many many years, maybe many things that have come up, you know, people's faith can be hindered, but it's because we're we're not looking for the right thing. We're not looking for what God's word said. We're looking for what we thought the word said. Brother Brandham said he saw one time when the entire congregation was healed all simultaneously, all at once. And he said, "I'm longing to see that again." He was looking for that again. His motive and his objective were pure. They were right. But it must have been his enthusiasm that God's a healer that he made this bold proclamation. You remember early on in the prayer lines, bring me bring us your worst cases. Miracle lines they were advertising it. He saw miracle after miracle that God did. And so he threw out his challenge to God's people to believe. But I was thinking about this today and hopefully I can just bring it in in the in the right manner, the right balance. But the angel told brother Brandham, he said, "If you can get the people to believe you, but how is he supposed to get the people to believe?" Now, he was given two signs, we know, but the discernment of heart is done by the word. Just because brother Brandham's gone doesn't mean discernment of hearts is gone and done away with. Discernment of heart came by the Holy Spirit whose Jesus Christ the word and the word is quick and powerful and sharper and a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. So, Brother Brandham was rebuked by the angel pushing come see a miracle. God performs miracles all the time, but in some ways a push for a miracle is almost like and and and I'm not I'm I'm treading careful trying to, but it's it I'm not saying Brother Brandon was doing this because he talked about it later on, but it it was almost like pushing for a miracle was almost like a like, hey, I got a party trip for you. I hope that's okay to say, but you know, I I was just I thought about it later and I thought, man, Brother Brandham, all he he said, well, God does God doesn't just clown around. this isn't just a gift to clown around with. And so I don't think brother Brandham did it intentionally, but I just thought maybe maybe that's why the angel didn't like it. But when he corrected course and brought it back to the word, that was the way it was supposed to happen. Jesus Christ, the word of God, is the one who does the miracles. So we can say there's miracles in the word. There's healing in the word. There's deliverance in the word. And there's patience in the word. Yeah. So, what we learn from these things is let God anoint your faith how he wants to perform his word. Hold on to the promise by faith and don't let it go. Don't let it go until he anoints your faith. You may you may not feel anything different, but you've planted a seed of his word. Plant a seed of God's word and then just walk in it. There was two cases that that came to mind as I've been studying this and and just refreshing myself with them. I believe the gentleman's name was John Ryan. You remember he was he was a colored fella and and he he was blind and uh he came up and he came through the prayer line. Brother Brandham prayed for him and he said, you know, go go your way. You're healed. And so he he goes off and he goes out into the audience and then nothing happened. And so he so his friend brought him back up and he said, hey, he said, you know, I I I thought you said I was healed. Brother Brandham's response was, I thought you said you believed. And so he said, "Well, what am I supposed to do?" And he said, "Well, you you've done what the word said." He said, "Go your way testifying." He said, "I saw." I believe he was the one. He said, "I saw he needed something." He I think he was Catholic. He said he needed something to put his faith to. So he said, "Go and testify." And so for I think it was two two weeks, two months, I can't remember off the top of my head, but it wasn't. Listen, this man had a prophet of God, the prophet of the hour, the seventh age messenger in the presence of of God lay hands on him. And he walked away from the platform still blind, not just for a couple hours, not just for a day, but for a couple weeks, a couple months, whatever it was. And so he's testifying and then his eyes opened up. He stayed and he testified, "God's my healer. Praise God. My eyes are open." So he took that word and he kept it before him. There was two women come through the prayer line. They got prayed for. Left the platform. Same thing. Presence of God, prophet of the hour, laying hands on, touching them, laying hands on them. Angel of the Lord right there. They leave two weeks later washing her dishes. thinking back on the things of the meeting and I think it was the the the gorder and or it was a stomach trouble and all of a sudden she got hungry and she just started tearing the food up. Just something came over her and then she she heard some a scream and she thought, "Oh, that one had cancer." And she thought, "Oh, she died." And she went over to see what it was. That woman got her healing at the same time weeks later from the meeting. So you see, you can't come up to the front and be prayed for thinking, you know, just just get it out of our minds when and just believe that God will, that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. So the seed will produce itself. The word, the seed, it will grow. What it needs to grow is within itself. We don't have to work up to produce it. In fact, the more we relax and trust, the freer it is to manifest. The seed is Christ in you. Yes. So you say, "But but how how do I know if I pray for a person or if I get prayed for that it'll work?" It's not your job to bring God's word to pass. It's his promise. He's responsible for it. Pray and then leave it there. So I I didn't put this up so you don't have to put a quote up, but I just I just thought this was this was so good. No matter how hard it comes, what it looks like, what anybody says, I want I want to with patience, not fretting. Person can't have patience and fretting all at the same time. You just got to set your sails right straight there and walk right on. No matter what takes place, move right on. Look, faith is unconscious. Amen. You believe it? I've learned that in the years of traveling around the world and and meeting the peoples of all different walks. Faith is unconscious. You got faith and you don't even know it. That's right. Skipping down, he was speaking of Jesus. He was simply unconscious of fear or anything around him. That's right. Whether it was going to happen or whether it wasn't going to happen. He knowed it was going to happen because God said so. How do you know it's going to happen? Because God said so. He didn't say, "Oh, have I prayed through?" Now listen now. Just just let yourself relax. He didn't say, "Have I prayed through? Wonder if I fasted long enough. Wonder if I did this. He just walked right on unconscious. That's right. He believed what God said was truth. The words must be fulfilled. And he knowed what his life was to fulfill them. That's right. Walk unconscious of criticism. Walk unconscious under the world. Walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him. Not paying any attention. The right hand or the left. Just keep moving on. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. Hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbors don't like you, walk with God. Just keep on walking with God. Walk with God. Doctor says you're going to die, walk with God. Yeah, doctor says you can't. Well, walk with God. Just walk with God. That's all. For God has promised you, I'll never leave you or forsake you. I'll be with you to the end of the world. And he took an oath by the covenant that he gave you that he would confirm it. Just walk with God then. So you know what what what is faith? We all strive for faith and and faith is faith is a gift. The scripture says it says every man was given a measure of faith. So you have faith within you regardless of what you feel about yourself. God has deposited a measure of faith within you. That faith is like a seed and that seed will grow. God anoints it and it grows. You don't do anything. A tree doesn't do anything. It just stands. It relaxes. It just God provides the wind and things to make the roots stronger to and and the nutrients that it'll grow. The tree doesn't do anything within itself. But but faith is is is just it's more common than you might think because because in the scripture the the weed hissup was was a common weed. You could walk out and find it anywhere. Walk out and out here and you know what what weed do I well just go pick a weed. That was what hissup was. And faith is a type of hissup. So when they needed to apply the blood, they used hissup, a common everyday weed. Nothing special about it. They could just walk out and grab it. And that's what we have available to us. You have faith within you. So we get worked up and we think, well, boy is my faith in God. I just did. And and just just God, just anoint my faith. You're the author and finisher of my faith. You gave me the faith. And if you're the author and finisher, then you have to do this. I can't do it within myself. But the blood was applied with that common faith. It's it's common. You don't have to look for it. It's unconscious. So you have faith already within you. Now you just speak the word. And when when I'm when in my mind what I'm thinking just speak the word. I'm not saying that you have to come up with thus sayaith the Lord. We we we've been taught that very well here. You have to be be very sure. If you thus sayeth the Lord comes out of your mouth, you better be sure about it. This isn't that this is this is I mean speak your faith. Speak the word. Speak what we know is true. Speak positive. It's your confession. I don't know what God will do or how he'll do it, but his word says whatever it is. And that's what I'm holding to. Sister Sharon, if you don't mind me using you again. You know, I don't know what God will do. I don't know how God's going to do this. I'm going to do everything that I know that's put in front of me. All everything in my power is Is that okay? And but I'm going to believe God. God's the one that has to do this. And so I just put myself into his hands. Faith is available to us. You have faith. You just need it to he that is in you. The word never gave a certain time frame for deliverance. The word, listen now, the word has been misinterpreted to believe something has to happen right away. Brother Brandham said somewhere, he said it's the wrong interpretation. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. When you're sick, call for the elders to anoint you with oil and the prayer of faith shall save the sick. It shall. It doesn't say when. It says it shall. Now, go ahead with that next quote. Now, this this is again, this is just stuff that's been burning. I just love this. Now, the next witness is Mr. Impatient. I just love how he's a rascal. He's a rascal. Now, you say, "But brother, I bet it's so impatient. Am I He's You got to go listen to the message because he's not talking about you. He's talking about Mr. Impatient. He's a rascal." Remember, no longer how no matter how much it lingers, this is where I get my term lingers from. No matter how much it lingers, yet it's got to happen. It's going to happen. These witnesses testify, has absolutely testified the truth that it is. So, God said they shall lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. But the outside world wants you to believe as soon as you lay hands on that you must that the crippled legs must be straight, that you must jump up and down. He never said that. He never promised that. He said the prayer of faith shall save the sick and God will raise them up. He never said when they they they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. He never said when. He said when you pray, believe that you receive it and it shall be given unto you. But he didn't say when. Now if if we are real genuine believers, when these scriptures are ministered to us, there is nothing can tell us any different. Right. There is nothing can say that it's wrong. How many could raise up how many infidels? How many unbelievers? How many could explain this that the other? God keeps his word in Mark 16 is just as inspired as John 3:16. The whole thing is the word of God. Every word of it is inspired. All of it is God. If you just read it the way it says, sometimes he lingers, as he did in the days of Noah, he did in the days of Moses, he did in all the days. But he never told the Pentecostal people, go up into the city of Jerusalem in 24 hours, I'll give you the Holy Ghost. He said, Terry there until you're endued with power from on high. He never said one day, 2 days, 10 days. He said, stay until you're endued with power. Lord, they stayed until the evidence spoke back through them that it was the Holy Ghost of God. Now, now may these people who has their hands upon one another who stands this this court this afternoon in the presence of God in the presence of his word as I read it and we testify to this that we believe that he keeps his word and may each one be healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go to the throne. go to the throne of God and leave the timing to him. That's right. Your job is just to keep the word before you. That's right. Your job's just to keep looking to the author and finisher of your faith. That's all you have to do. You don't have to make it come to pass. You don't have to do that. You know, jump, you know, we we get we get in inspired as as ministers. We feel your need. And so, you know, we can I'm I'm not going to knock it. You know, I'm not trying to knock it, but we don't have to. When you come up, if if Brother Paul or whoever is ministering, we don't if we don't jump and shout and smack you on the back and and yell in your face and yell at the devil, it it that has nothing to do with it. That's right. Jesus just simply when when the the the the man um uh man of Gadira, the maniac came and and he Jesus didn't say, you know, yell go. He just simply said go. and and what was a thousand a thousand devils gone out of the man just a simple pe you know to the wind peace be still now if we get enthused and we jump and shout praise God but that's not required it's it's it has nothing to do with w with your faith so if you don't if you don't leave here jumping and shouting that's okay leave quietly in the word of God however it comes to you that's okay and If you jump and shout, we'll rejoice, too. Uh, let's see. What do I do here? No. Do I have one that says let's let's say praise the Lord in there? No. Okay, you can take that off for a minute. Let us say praise the Lord. Now, I'm going to bring something to you. Are you with me still? Let's say praise the Lord. Listen to these words. Strong words. There's the cursedness of passing through prayer line after prayer line. When you once accept your healing, don't you never go through another prayer line. Oh my. You let that settle it forever. See, every time you come back, it makes it that much harder. That much harder. That much harder. See? And it breaks it. Amen. The cursedness, that's a strong word, the cursedness of going through prayer line after prayer line. I'm going to take this a little bit further. I believe in prayer lines. I'm not saying we'll never have another prayer line. I I I preached this out one time and then I was I was standing in here in a prayer line praying came through myself. But so if we don't come out running out the other end, it doesn't mean you don't have faith or you didn't get it. We have prayer lines. We believe in them. But and and I'm going to say this I say this with all due reverence, friends. It's it's a bit of a tradition. Yes. And and and it comes from a Jewish tradition of laying on hands, right? But that's not the way it was supposed to be for Gentiles, and we're Gentiles. If you want to see miracles, first accept his word and act upon it. You might get well, but then if you get sick again, it doesn't mean you lost your healing. You're in a body that's under the curse of sin. And so we'll get sick again in these bodies. And sometimes it just lately it just feels like we're sickness after sickness after sickness. But we we we as ministers, we love to pray with you and we put our faith together and we agree upon touching anything. But to think we have to wait until the next service or to think that you have your favorite minister preaching over at a camp meeting. Come on now. that you got to wait until you get there. I'm going to take this further. You think you have to wait until the end of a service to come up and get laid hands on you. You can receive it in your seat and that's the way it's supposed to happen. You don't need a preacher to lay hands on you or someone to jump and shout over you. We're taught it's actually so but it's it's the Gentiles is just to take him at his word. So while the word is coming forth, if your faith, if you if God will anoint your faith, if you feel it, if you if you even if you don't feel it, but you just feel God, I I just believe this with all my heart, then you you stand on it right there. Yes, sir. It's greater faith to hold steady when you're healing or when your answer lingers. Take take it beyond healing. I know I'm I'm on healing a lot and I wanted to be broader than that, but just whatever you're praying about, your finances, your answers, what whatever it is that you're seeking God about, if it lingers, it's it's a greater faith to hold on to the word of God. We love it when we get our answers right away, but it's it's it's there's there's faith when you get it right away, and there's faith when it lingers, and you got to believe through it. God wants us to take him at his word when it's first spoken. Find the word over your situation and pray the promise over it. Keep it before you. It's what God says, not what man says. Even if we receive a word of prophecy, if you come up I and and you know, I got to be honest. I'm I'm guilty of a couple times I can think of, man, I just feel so I feel so inspired for you. Can I can I pray for you? I believe this is happening for you. And and you know, and then it didn't happen that way. And so, you know, I I've apologized, but if if I, you know, haven't, then I publicly do it now. But but, you know, even even just under that uncction, under that that that, you know, us ministers, I don't want to be a preacher. I want to be a minister. And and we feel when when you minister to the people, you feel the need. You you enter into that. And I can't describe it unless you've been there, but you just you feel the need for them. And so, you you feel the enthusiasm. you feel, God, I just I want this so bad that if we're not careful in those moments, we can speak something that's wrong. Is that okay? But even whatever's spoken to you, you have to take it back to the word because what if what if let's just play a scenario. What if that man falls? What what what happens to the word he gave you? You're going to be shook. But the word of God can never fail. So if you can find it in the word and you can hold on to that, latch on to that, then that endures. Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will never pass away. So he says, now you're getting down to where you have faith. Be expecting it. What God said he would do, God will do. He can't lie. So we're to run with patience. We're to run with endurance. Patiently waiting for the fulfillment of prophecy. Brother Brandham says, "Faith waits with patience for the promised word to be fulfilled." And then, you know, we we we wonder, do we have faith? But, you know, patience is built after faith. It says after you've received the promise, after you've believed on the word of God, then you receive the promise. So, there's there's there's the building blocks. And I just want you to see because I think too many times we we just we get into that mindset of where's my faith? And and and God forbid we tell somebody, "Well, it's cuz you don't have faith. I just I just can't go there. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. You say, "How can I any longer?" Just keep on waiting. When you've done all you can do to stand, then stand. See, just stand. How am I going to do it? Stand. He said it's the truth and it's the truth. He said it'll happen. How? I don't know, but it'll happen. He said so. He promised it. If he promised it, it's going to happen. That's all. It can't waste. Go ahead and pull up the the slides again. I'm I'm I'm coming in for a landing here. You have heard of the patience of Job, says the Apostle James. You may you you may not have to sit among the ashes as he did, or to endure such trials as fell upon him. But between here and heaven, you may expect to have losses and crosses and bereiements and harsh words from those who ought to be your comforters. Oh beloved, may you have at such times the patience of the scriptures and be able to say with Job, the Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord. Job is one of the earthly patterns of patience, though he was not perfect in it. May our patience at least come to his standard. If you want to kill impatience, who wants to kill impatience? Turn to the word of God. Look out an appropriate text. asked to have it applied to your heart by the Holy Spirit and see whether the grace of patience is not thus implanted within you. Have you become weary and welloing? Then stay yourself upon a precious promise and your weariness will speedily depart. Do you seem as if you could not bear the continued opposition of ungodly men? turn you to the promises of your gracious Lord and Master, and you shall learn to rejoice and be exceeding glad, even when they persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you, you falsely for his name's sake. Where where else do we have patience? We we need patience with one another. Brother Benham said, "Wait on one another. Be servants to one another. Don't be bigger than somebody else. Try to see how little you can be." Spurgeon again, we quickly make excuses for our own infirmities, and it therefore behooves us to endure the infirmities of others, to put a kind construction on what might have been harshly condemned, to bear with the misconceptions of our conduct made by others and their mistake or even misrepresentations made in their anger, to be gentle and tender as a nurse with a child. Never to be hard and harsh and severe. For this is contrary to the second table of the law, which can be summed up in the brief expression, love to men. Oh, I would to God that we had more of this spirit in all our churches. Our Savior said to his disciples, "A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another as I have loved you, that ye also love one another." But how often is that new commandment forgotten in the impatient way in which we show out petulence towards weak and perhaps provoking saints? God grant that in the future we may have more patience in this respect. Amen. musicians, if you want to come, I'll just read a couple things and finish this up. And I just want to say, I think we did this in about 45 minutes. So, Hebrews Hebrews 12:1, it's that that thought of laying aside every weight. And one of the things that that um Spurgeon said I just thought was real good is he said you know he said um he said our our our original sin our natural tendencies our constitutional infirmities these must be laid aside as garments unsuitable for men who are running for the heavenly race. We cannot win heaven and wear sin. And then he calls them darling sins must go first. Then a little bit further down, he says, 'd do I do I not do I not hear you say, ' May God help us. This must be a tough race which requires such stripping as this. If every weight of care must be laid aside and every rage of sin, who is sufficient for these things? Now, not just not just sin, but I just just that whole thing of of the weight of care. And I thought of what brother Paul's been speaking on on Wednesdays is he cares. Do you care? every rag of sin who is sufficient for these things. How can we poor limping mortals run in such a race as this? Even the starting as is beyond us. How much more must perseverance in it outreach our strength? See, my brethren, how we are driven to free grace, how we are driven to the power of the Holy Spirit, the race which is set before us most clearly reveals our helplessness and our hopelessness apart from divine grace. The race of our holiness and patience, while it demands our vigor, displays our weakness. We are compelled, even before we take step in the running, to bow the knee and cry unto the strong for strength. We dare not retreat from the contest, but how can we begin a struggle for which we are so unfitted? Who will help us? To whom shall we look? Does not all this very admirably introduce the verse which is specifically my text looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith. Looking unto Jesus because the way itself and the rules of the running are such as our nature will fight against. Therefore look the more earnestly to the great captain of your salvation. If you want to stand to your feet, how do we lay aside the weights? Casting all our care upon him because he cares for us. So when you feel you can't do it, when you feel like, "Where's my answer?" Cast your cares upon him for he cares for you. Lord, God won't put any more on you than you can handle. We often say there's trials too heavy, so there must be more in us that God knows is there than what we think there is. Psalms 103 says, "He knows our frame and remembers we're made of dust. He won't put more on you than you can handle." Amen. I have no song in mind. So, whichever one of you would like to come, if they just want to play something softly, we'll we'll just ask the Lord for prayer here. Bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we lift our hands just now, Lord. Many of us going through heavy things, questions that we don't have answers to, maybe sickness that's been ongoing for for maybe months, maybe years. And Lord, we grow weary. We look for strength. Where do we look for strength? We lift up our head. We lift up our eyes to the hills from whence our help comes from. We look for you, Lord, the maker of the heavens and the earth. And Lord, we pray in our feebleness and our weakness. We pray for your strength to endure the trials that you so perfectly set before us. Predestinated trials were taught. I pray, Lord, I pray for strength for your people. I pray for endurance that you would fill them tonight with patience with endurance with to endure the cross that they're bearing. Lord, let something have been said to encourage them to encourage them to look into your word. Lord, when I heard the prophet say that he he's looking for the time when when the whole congregation is healed simultaneously, we know those things are possible. But but I believe that even greater looking deeper than just the miracle that it was is is the people's faith reaching out to the word of God. And so I pray tonight that above everything else that you would help us to look to your word, to look to the message that we've been given, the word of this hour. And and I just pray that it would just you just anoint our faith. Anoint what our faith needs. Help us to keep our eyes focused on you, your word. Lord, it's just the best way I can pray it. You know my heart and I pray these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Is perfect. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. when our strength is gone. Yes, Lord. He'll carry us when we can't carry on. Raised in his power, the weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. I can do all things. Oh, I can do all things. Yes, Lord. Through Christ who gives me strength. But sometimes I wonder what he can do through me. No great success to show, no glory of my own. Yet in my weakness, he is there to let me know. Hallelujah. That his strength is perfect. when our strength is. Hallelujah. Oh, he'll carry us when we can't carry on. Raised in his power though we become strong. His strength is perfect. We take it up. But his strength is perfect. Oh, and we can only know the power that he holds when we truly see how deep our weakness goes. Yes, Lord. Oh, his strength in us begins. Hallelujah. When ours comes to an end and he hears our humble cry and proves again that his strength and his strength is perfect when our strength is gone. Hallelujah. Oh, he carry us when we can't carry on. Raised in his power though we become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. last time. Oh, his strength is perfect when our strength is gone and he'll carry us when we can't carry on. Raise his power. The weak become strong [Music] is perfect. His strength is perfect. Oh, I pray the strength and his faith that he's planted within me would be anointed that I could hold to the word of God and let him do it in his time. And I'm so grateful tonight. How many are grateful for this word tonight? just lodged in our hearts. It's it's uh such a wonderful message tonight. And I I had to get up and say something. Although you can't add to what was said, I I just been feeling this so much. And when I was in Washington, spoke at brother John Andy's church on our little subject there. Lord, teach us to pray. And I thought that it's, you know, when we have settings like this tonight, I just feel like it's his disciples sitting at Jesus feet when they sat and said, "Lord, teach us to pray." It and to come to adoption, sons must be teachable. You can't come to adoption without a teachable son. You can't come to adoption without correction. That's right. And I just every one of these we have a service like this, you know, and what what the bride is coming into is so much deeper and so much even greater. And he said about the third pole, you can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things. Our brother mentioned the word enthusiasm several times tonight and the difference in that. Enthusiasm kind of typing back with the wine which in the scripture is stimulation. Enthusiasm and the wine can be deceiving because people will jump quickly to the wine and the enthusiasm, but it's the oil and the wine and the oil comes through the word. Can you say amen? And so we must be careful. I was actually if I preached tonight, I was going to preach on choosing I I believe I was going to preach on it sometime, choosing enthusiasm over substance because that's what I've been thinking about this weekend is how many times people will choose enthusiasm over substance. And brother Bram says, "Even when I go to say thus sayith the Lord," he says, "I have to be careful." He says, "I can't say thus sayaith my enthusiasm." And enthusiasm can really on the outside seem really good and feel good and you can say a lot of things, but we want something deeper than just enthusiasm. And then when that word strikes your heart and and and remember, sons are getting the patience and the character out of their trials. They're not jumping and saying, "I'm skipping that part." No, no. God's doing something that we get the patience we need out of our trials. We learn how to stand upon the word when we see no answer. And he's teaching sons that. It's so powerful because he's molding more than just a people with miracles and signs and wonders. He's molding a people with character. Can you say amen? And sons that are teachable and correctable. Uh I think that we need to not choose enthusiasm over substance. I think we ought to have the substance of the word, the oil and the wine. Yes. And I listen if we if you get some stimulation and revelation. But see, it comes from what God is anointing your faith to do. But if you get some a pastor's not going to be scared of any shouting and dancing and worshiping God. It comes when there's a true re revelation. You may not jump it. You may cry. You're moved by the spirit of God. But we should never jump to that and have conventions and even meetings where we're jumping because that enthusiasm feels so good and no substance. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. How many raise your hand? I'm a son of God. Wants the substance of what the word has. I want substance to my life. And then whatever God moves me to rejoice, I am going to rejoice. I'm going to shout. And I've been thinking that. Let's go tonight singing they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. There's a there's a what's you titled this brother Brandon this series you did is the God in the waiting. God of the waiting. Finding God in the waiting. Don't skip that part. You find many attributes of God while you're waiting on the promise to be fulfilled. Powerful. How many enjoy the word tonight? We're blessed. Can you say amen? We're blessed tonight. take this home with you as we just ponder this song. And I was thinking I was listening uh yesterday mowing the grass to uh when I got home. I had a million acres to mow. When I got home yesterday and listened to brother Brandham was preaching the present stage of my ministry and was so wonderful as he finds his place in the scripture in 2 Timothy chapter 4 and and comes to the end of his ministry where he was forsaken. Deeus has forsaken me. Paul was forsaken. Paul uh Deeus has forsaken me. forsook Paul and yet they he thought Paul was all washed up and his ministry is over. Brother Bram's feeling that himself cuz he's getting rejected by many of different friends and different ones. He's feeling he's living that scripture out found his place in the scripture and yet he says yeah he says that in the middle of that rejection and that forsaken time when it looks like all was rejecting him it it God was coming to the crowning of his ministry. the world wouldn't see that Jesus when he was at the cross was coming to the crowning of his ministry. The ultimate thing I wonder if the bride, you know, is is coming just to the crowning now. Hold steady, the greatest vindication of this message to me is still coming. And brother Bram says something in that message. He says the word has to unfold. And I I'm not reading it exact. I'm not saying it exactly right, but he got in there and he says it has to fold. And what he's talking about is that carnal eyes will say, "Paul, you're all washed up. Brother Brandon, your ministry is washed up. You don't have the the following you used to have." And and then he tells us in our lives that you must be all washed up. And in that time when we're waiting, when we're trusting God, when we're holding to the word, forsaken by many people, people saying things about us, we have to know as sons that this is a word that unfolds. And that means it doesn't instantly show itself. it unfolds. I think we should trust God while it's unfolding. This is a word that unfolds. And he said in there this song, he says, "They that wait upon the Lord, teach me not to rely, teach me as a son of God, teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you." How many say, "Teach me, Lord. Teach me to wait. Teach me, Lord." Oh, just before we dismiss now, sing it. To wake down on my knees, till in your own good time, you answer. Hallelujah. My king, teach me not to rely on. Don't get your eyes on what others are doing, their criticism. But to wait in prayer, but to wait. Don't get your eyes on others for an answer. Hallelujah. From you, oh they that wait upon the Lord shall renew. Their strength. They shall bow up with wings as an eagle. [Music] They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord. [Music] Heavenly Father, we love your word tonight. We love how you've broke it, broke this bread to us in such a way we can understand it. Lord, we see our position. May we be sons that sit and say, "Lord, teach me. Teach me to wait. Teach me to find the God in the waiting. Teach me, Lord, to find the patience that I wouldn't get if I'm rushing and looking for something quickly. Teach us, Lord, as sons, how to hold steady and hold to the confession of the word and watch that word unfold to us, Lord. Teach us, Lord. God, we just give you the glory tonight for your word and help us, Lord, and along this journey, Lord, of holding on to this message with all of our hearts and watching it uh unfold to us, watching it what it's doing in our lives. Lord, let us be patient, I pray. And we commit our lives to you and our hearts to you tonight as we're dismissed and go our separate ways. We pray, Father, that your spirit would go with us and protects us and watch over us, Lord. And we're so thankful tonight to be in these atmospheres, Lord. I want to say thank you for the wonderful gifts that you have sent us through the ministering brothers here, Lord. I want to say thank you, Lord. We are so extremely blessed by the gifts that you have given the five-fold ministry. And we're thankful for it, Lord, because we know it'll lead us, the people of God through to the other side. We're grateful for it that we can be fed tonight. Committing the service to you in our lives now. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." Are you glad for the gifts that God has sent us? Lead us more into the word. We appreciate brother Brandon and uh we uh see the work of God in his life. Sister Tiffany and their family. So we rejoice in that along with uh what all God is doing in all of our lives. God bless you. Well, God bless you tonight. Shake hands with one another. We look forward to Sunday together as we take the Lord's supper and foot washing. God bless you. The services at uh 10:30. Uh brother Stru, are you doing the adult class tour? No. Okay. So, but don't be don't be late for service now. starts at 11:00. Come in a little early and pray and prepare for the service. God bless you all as you're dismissed. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings and eagle. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk in. Oh, teach the Lord. Teach the Lord to win. Oh sh to our hearts are afraid. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth. What you want me to be? Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk in my faith. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to take it up. For they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall bow up with wings and eagle. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and thy faith will teach me all. Teach me all new way. Oh, they thy way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall in my way. Teach me Lord. Teach the Lord to win. [Music]
