################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-08 - Let It Cook: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-08
Title:   Let It Cook: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBPEAkf4tDM
========================================

Let's put that first verse up. I have a source of strength when I am weak. Before we take the the prayer request this morning and open in prayer, we're going to sing this song. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calvary. Do you believe that? Amen. I have a source of strength when I am weak. [Music] That takes me through. When life is pressing me, I have a source. I have a source of power from above. I'm covered over by a shield of love. I claim the blood. Oh, I claim the blood. Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains were made there just for me. [Music] for all my sin, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, [Music] I claim those preious blood stains. Verse two. Oh, I do not know how others make it through. [Music] Oh, who never go to Calary as I do. Oh, for there's a healing cleansing stream that flows. Do you believe that? Oh, with peace that only is redeemed can know. I claim the blood. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those [Music] preious blood stains were made there just for me. [Music] for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, [Music] I claim those preious blood stain. If the brothers want to come forward and open in a word of prayer, I have a prayer request that wasn't given. Brother Aaron, you want to come? And the brothers, I know of a family this morning that's having some difficulties. Can't go into too many details, but has a really rough family situation right now. Just want the church to pray for them this morning. Let's sing that first verse again. And whatever that need is in your life, for yourself or for someone else, lift it before the Lord. I have a source of strength when I am weak. [Music] Oh, that takes me through. When life is pressing me, do you believe it? Oh, I have a source [Music] of power from above. [Music] I'm covered over by a shield of love. Claim what he's done for you this morning. Oh, I claim the blood [Music] Jesus shed on Calaryry. Those preious blood stains were made there just for me. For all my sin, my sickness and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. I have a source, but you have to go to the source. &gt;&gt; You just can't leave it as I have that source. It's right over there. take advantage of it. &gt;&gt; Go up and take your part to Jes. You know, he that's why he gave his life on Calvary &gt;&gt; because he loved you. He cared for you &gt;&gt; and he said they're going they can't do it without me. So, I'm going to give myself four of them and two. So, take that and claim. Amen. We have a few requests here. [Music] I don't know, brother David. When Yasi sent out a late evening yesterday, they had gotten some information from back home about the loss of of life and flooding back there. But then he found out that his was your aunt, right? The one that told him about God, she passed away. So it hurt him. But there's a source. See, and God uses different people as a source. &gt;&gt; The light that you have may just be enough for somebody else. &gt;&gt; So talking to him today, he's been comforted, but it hurt him. He lost the one that led him to Christ. And it's a blessing to have that. So remember those back there in other countries and places that's happening today. They have that source too. It's the same source. I just remember that Sister Barbara Yario and has a request. So I have two urgent prayer requests at this time. The first request is for my nephew who is looking for a job. Please pray that the Lord will lead him and guide him to the job that the Lord wants him to have. And you know, you can place all your cares on him. He'll lead you. He'll guide you. The second one is prayer for a young mother of five children who has been seeking searching or or searching scriptures and seeking God. This has gotten her husband very upset to the point of thinking that she is crazy. So remember that. You know, there have been those that have gotten that way and then God has gotten a hold of the one. You're praying for the wife and God gets hold of the husband or praying for the husband and changes the whole situation. Amen. Also, brother Tim Cruz is he said, "Just want to first of all, I said just want to thank the Lord for healing my mom from the skin reaction she had a few weeks ago. It's all healed up, but asking prayers for my mom for some major dental work she is having next week. She's at the risk of infection. praying that the Lord will keep her safe. Amen. And then brother Jeremy and sister Angela says, "Please keep us in prayer. We have a court on Tuesday for our younger children. I'll let them give the testimony that I believe is we're going to get to hear. It's going to be a blessing. Let you remember them." &gt;&gt; And then Sister Amelia, she said, "Praise God. unspoken prayer request and another prayer request I had before the Lord about our our our home. I believe that says have been answered. Thank you for your prayers. Amen. God is more than able. You have a need. [Music] I've raised my hand a hundred times. I've raised my hand a thousand times. But he hasn't changed. He's still the same. So let's just bow our heads. Lord, that precious blood that was shed, the stripes that were taken, the beating, the mocking, Satan did all he can. And he's tried from the day he was cast down from heaven to distort, to break up, to undo what you had planned to do, what your was in your heart to do. and he's never been able to stop and he never will. Lord, give us a strength, Lord, and and and the faith to take you at your word, Lord. That source that you've provided and apply it and use it. It's one thing to have that source sitting in the shelf. It's another thing to take advantage of it and use it, Lord. We thank you for the shed blood, the forgiving grace and mercy of God. For for daily we need it, Lord, and you've met, Lord. You looked beyond our faults and saw our needs, Lord. We praise you for that. We worship you for that. We thank you for the praise reports that we're going to hear for. Lord, we thank you already in Jesus Christ's name. Just an announcement from Brother Dan yesterday, and I'll let him, but yesterday there was a lot of work done in the church. Thank you for all of those who helped, and um One of the things that Dan really, brother Dan really expressed is, "Please, let's keep the food, the liquids out of the church except for the water bottles." Okay, we won't. Will we, Brother Ed? Will we catch them at the door? No. But anyway, so he may get more, but just it's beautiful. It's wonderful. It's It's nice what's happening. So, uh, let's do our best to keep it clean, to to keep it usable. It's It's kind of like when you remodel your house and after it's all nice and remodeled, you almost don't. You don't want to go in there and get it dirty. But it's a house of the Lord and he wants us to come and participate. So, God bless you. You can all have your seats. He knows my name. There were lots of needs this morning and the Lord knows all of them. Amen. Let's sing this song as a confession, something you actually believe. Amen. [Music] I have a maker. He formed my heart. [Music] Oh, and before even time began, my life was in his. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that again. I have a maker. Oh, I have a maker. He formed my heart. [Music] And before even time began, my life was in his hand. [Music] And he knows my name. And he knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. I have a father. And I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, [Music] he knows my name. He knows my every thought and he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when All right, let's sing that again. He knows my name. Yes, he knows my name and he knows my every thought. [Music] And he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Sing it again. Bless the Lord. Oh yes. Bless the Lord. [Music] Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his holy. One more time. Bless the Lord. Oh yes. singing, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy." Let's give him glory for he has done great things. Oh, for he has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. Are you grateful? Oh yes. For he has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. Bless his holy. Sing that again. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. things. Yes, he has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Amen. Would you stand with me as brother Daniel comes out? A minute ago, Brother Aaron talked about all the work that was done and all the people that have helped and we clapped and it was weak. Let's thank the Lord for [Applause] [Music] Can you say hallelujah? &gt;&gt; Can you say hosana? &gt;&gt; Blessed be the rock of my salvation. And as brother Daniel comes out, praise the Lord. Let's just worship him this morning. If you want to run the aisles, you go ahead. If you want to dance, you go ahead. If you want to get a palm branch and wave it around, you go right ahead. Let's praise the Lord this morning. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, for he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, for he is worthy to be praised. Let's sing hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Amen. Yes. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salv. Jehovah Gyra is his name. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provideth. Oh, for he provideth all my needs. Jehovah. Jehovah. Gyra is his name. name. Oh, for he provides. Sing hosana. Oh yes. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Amen. Yes. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Amen. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Glory to his name. Oh, glory, glory to his name, cuz he lives. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. Do you believe it? Glory to his name. Oh, glory, glory to his name. Cuz he lives. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. Sing hosana. Oh hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my Let's sing it again. Hosana. Oh, hosana. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Can you imagine being there when the King of Kings when he rode that donkey in into Jerusalem and they were singing hosana as he came in and they were waving the palm branches as Josiah said, "I would have loved to been there. One day I will meet him and I'll fall down on his feet. I believe that that I have met him already. One day I will meet him in person and I will fall down at his feet and I will just praise him. Let's let's pray. Lord Jesus, Lord, that song means so much to me. Pray Lord that you'd be with us this morning. Your blessings would rest upon our service. Your blessings would rest upon each person that has come out this morning to worship you. Give us a good service. [Music] Amen. You can be seated. I bless you all. Feel good. I don't have uh any visitors, but welcome. Welcome to everybody. Brother Mitchell, God bless you. It's good to see you. I'm uh one day I might have a beard like yours. God bless you. It's good to have you, Sister Alex and family. God bless you. Welcome. And everybody, praise, praise be to God. I feel good. Feel good that we got the carpet in. Tell you, people worked so hard this past week. Special thanks to brother Dan Numer, brother John Locer, and all the work that they did and especially Brother Jordan and all the work that he did getting the hooked up and especially brother Ed Doo. He's been really the driving force behind everything. Special thanks to him and everybody everybody that came out yesterday to help get everything set up. Believe moving in a direction I believe very very grateful. I miss, you know, some people you miss and then really some people you just really really miss. And I have just been really missing. Brother Lyle and Sister Heather Johnson. [Applause] They're they're two people that are dear to me. They're dear to the church. They're such a pivotal part of our church. Very important part. And brother I sent out a text yesterday or this morning and saying if you want to read ahead, go ahead and read to brother Lou just texted me saying thank you. Um, brother L I I sent out the text this morning. If you want to read ahead, read First Kings chapter 18 and chapter 19. And brother Lyall there, I assume they're in Utah because brother Lyall sent me this picture. Brothers, if you could put up that first picture, brother Lyall sent after I sent that text. No, the other one. The first one. Yeah, that one. So, so Brother L's going I assume it's in Utah and he he sees this and he knows what First Kings chapter 18 is and that's the Mount Carmel experience with Elijah. And then now zoom in on it. and he just happened to see what's the the next picture there and he sees that sign. So, praise the Lord. I think we're all in even if brother Ly and Sister Heather are cruising across the country, we're all on the same page in doing this. So, yeah, I'm going to talk a little bit about the Mount Carmel experience and then I really want to talk about the still small voice that Elijah heard that uh Dan. So this past week, Daniel came into my office, which he he does a lot, just father and son. We talk about the Lord. We talk about just life. And Daniel, he was all excited about the church. And he was like like I have been. And and you know, he's he's a lot like his dad. He just he wants to go go and let's get it done. And and dad, this is a great idea. And when you get a little bit older, you see that these these great ideas, some of them stick and then some of them they they might just kind of fade away. And and Daniel came in and and he's talking about the music and and the instruments and all that and he was excited and I said, "Buddy," I said, "On with these ideas sometimes just let them cook for a while and just let them I said, "You don't take a roast out of the refrigerator and then take a big bite out of it, man. It's not done yet. You got to take it and you got to you got to put it in the pan and with all the seasonings in it and then you got to put it in the oven for a while to cook. And I said, "That's how it is with a lot of these ideas is just let them cook for a while and you'll find the Lord might change the direction." But a lot of times the pressures of the world, they they want it right now. and the the pressures that you feel especially in today's society you want things now like Amazon you get on Amazon and I'll look at things there and if it's not delivered within two days that's too long but if it's not delivered within two days I won't even go I'll go to the next one a lot of times I want it delivered today because it's like I want it I want it now and there's not time to cook there so we make a lot of mistakes in doing that I remember when I was a little I used to save up my money and I would get these hunting magazines from the grocery store. And in the back of the hunting magazines, they had these advertisements and you would cut out the advertisement and you'd fill out your name and you'd fill out your address and then you would put the money in the envelope and you would send it out and it'd be a pocketk knife or it' be a like a catalog or something like that. And I would save up my money and and I' I'd get it and I'd get a stamp from mom and I' I'd put the money in the envelope and then it'd always say it always say allow four to six weeks for delivery. You would immediately go out of business today. If it was for except for our carpet, brother Ed, but it if it takes four to six weeks for delivery, it's like you just go to the next thing. But that was just the way that we used to do things. and then about a month later, I would get my whatever it was that I ordered and I'd be happy with it. That's not the way today. You walk into a car dealership and they know that if you walk back out, then they've probably left lost the sale. So, they will do everything within their power to get you to buy this car. And it is like the world is going to stop turning if you don't put down that down payment, sign the papers. You'll never see a a deal like this again. It's just a once in a lifetime. I already went I talked to my supervisor and he says it's okay. You know, you know, don't tell anybody. It's like, yeah, right, man. Sure. But they know if you walk out, if they if you have a little bit of time to let it cook, then you probably won't come back. You won't make that decision. Same thing with with work. You know, you go to work and if you somebody's treating you badly at work or somebody makes you mad or somebody does you dirty, the best decision when that happens is don't do anything. Let it cook for a little while. my one of my first bosses, Nick Meltchure was his name, when he gave me a supervisor position, my first time I was ever a supervisor, he brought me into his office and he gave me some advice. And the only advice I remember him giving me is he said that if somebody ever makes you mad and he says it's going to happen. If somebody offends you and he says it's going to happen, he said you can go ahead and you can write the email or you can write down your notes on what you're going to say, but he said don't send the email. don't talk to the person until you've let 24 hours go by. And he says, "Then after 24 hours, then you can go ahead and send the email or you can go ahead and talk to that person or whatever it is." But he told me, he said, "Give it the 24-hour rule. Let it cook for a little while." And you know when ever this has happened I have written many many emails where it's like this guy and you know I write it up and then I let it sit and I come back the next day. I have never sent that. I've written many many of them but I have never hit the send button because I followed the rule let it wait. The same thing with talking but with somebody that may have made you mad or or got under your skin. Just wait a little bit. Let it cook for a little while and then you'll find the next day you might not make that same decision. You might not make that same mistake. And how many of us have made a mistake where we just let somebody have it because we lost our temper or we wanted to set them straight. And how many times do we regret doing it? It's probably every time or at least almost every time it's be best to let these things just cook for a little while. King Saul, brother and I went through a series on David and Saul. And one of the big weaknesses King Saul had was he he would act too quickly. He wouldn't pray about something. He wouldn't just let it wait. He he wouldn't wait for Samuel. He wouldn't wait for the Lord. And it. He was swayed by the people to make bad decisions. And if he would have just let those decisions sit for a little bit and weighed them out and prayed about them, he wouldn't have made such horrible mistakes. But he didn't. Same thing with marriage. How many failed marriages do we know about that would not have happened in the first place if they would have just let it cook for a while? If they would have prayed about this? If they would have had a little bit longer engagement if they would have just weighed things out and got to know each other better. There's again there's a time to take the roast out of the oven. Don't just let it cook forever. That's not right either. Then you'll get overcooked, but don't let the emotions dictate anything. You might be madly in love with this person or you might feel obligated to marry that person, but just let the roast cook for a little while and then let do it on the Lord's time. Remember when I was first called to the ministry, I think it was like 2017, Josiah and he uh I said, "What song are you going to introduce me to this this morning?" He says, "You'll know." And he didn't tell me because I've given Josiah the testimony of when the Lord called me to the ministry. It was by a vision that I saw and we were singing that song hosana in church and the Lord called me to the ministry during that during singing that song and I'll I'll tell an amazing amazing miracle that happened is when I was singing that song Hosanna and the Lord was was showing me and commissioning me and giving giving me my commission to preach the gospel the people in front of came to me afterwards and said, "Wow, you have a beautiful voice when you were singing that song, Hosanna." That was you should lead songs in church. And it was because I really believe it was because I was anointed and it was because that things were really that the Lord was dealing with me. But it wasn't until years later that I even stepped into the pull pit and opened the Bible. The Lord commissioned me, but I had to cook for a little while. Had to let let that cook and and just wait for the Lord to open the door. If I would have just went out and started going, I would have had all kinds of problems. But I waited on the Lord and then the Lord began to to open some doors. If I would have just ran out right then, right when I got my commission, it would have failed. But I waited, let it cook for a while, and then things started to happen. The Apostle Paul, same thing happened to him. He got his commission to go to the Gentiles from Jesus himself. Came to Paul in a blinding light and commissioned him to go to the Gentiles. But then Paul let that cook for another three years. He went and he prayed about it and he studied the scriptures and he made sure of his commission. Let things cook. It doesn't have to be right now. Just let it go. Pray about it and then go forward as the Lord leads you. I want to uh give a summary about this man Elijah. and he was coming off of a great and mighty victory. So you remember Elijah came. The first thing we know about Elijah is he just shows up out of nowhere. He walks up to the king and says, "Not due nor rain will fall until I call for it." And he brought this famine on Israel for three and a half years. It didn't rain. People were dying. The crops all dried up. Things were very very hard in Israel during that time that a very evil king you know the king's name Ahab do you know his wife's name Jezebel very very evil couple a very hard couple were ruling Israel at that time and they they came and and and it just really brought the country to its knees well then after three and a half years go by the The word of the Lord comes to Elijah and he tells Elijah to go back to Ahab. So Elijah goes back and the Lord must have really dealt with him because no one would do what Elijah did if they didn't already know what to do. Elijah goes up and he says, "Hey, bring all of your prophets." There was like 450 prophets of Baal that were part of this whole group. And he says, "Bring all of your prophets on this si this mountain called Mount Carmel." The the the road sign that Brother Lyle said there back in Israel, there's a Mount Carmel, too, the original. And that is where Elijah says, "Get all of your your your prophets and all of your priests, all of your holy men together. Go up there and we are going to build two sacrifices. We're going to build two altars. One altar is to Baal and then the other altar is to my God. Now, these were burnt offerings. And one of the things that you will notice here that not many people know is that this was a Jewish type offering. They followed all of the Jewish rules in doing this. We know that they were prophets to Baal, but it's so easy for a believer to get off. And these were Jews. Ahab was in the line of a Jew and they got off of the track to where they were worshiping false gods. And I don't think that they knew that they were worshiping false gods. And here Elijah says, "Okay, you bring your religion and I'll bring mine." And he says, "We will build these altars. We'll take a a bullock. We'll take a bull and we'll put it on the altar. We'll cut it up like the Jewish traditions are. will cut it up and then it will be a burnt offering to God. But here's the deal. The God is gonna light the fire. You can set up the wood and you can set up all of that, but the God that speaks through fire, we know that he is the mighty God. So what they did is they all they got together and they started getting all emotional and they started crying out to God. And they were crying. Elijah says, "You do it first." So they were crying out to God and and they wouldn't have been crying out to God if they didn't really believe it was going to happen. So these people had faith. They thought that their religion was right. They were as sure as anyone else that their religion was right. And they started crying out to Baal to to this God. Crying that God would send fire from heaven. He didn't send it. They continued to cry out to God, to their God, and he didn't send it. He didn't answer. So, you know what they did is as they were doing this, they began to cut themselves. Let me let me read it. Verse number verse 27, first Kings chapter 18. We'll read what happens with Elijah. So they're crying and they're doing all their emotional things. And it came to pass at noon that Elijah mocked them and said, "Cry louder for he is he is a god. Either he is talking or he's pursuing or he is in a journey or pervententure he's sleeping and must be awake. So cry as loud as you can." And they cried aloud and they cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets till the blood gushed out upon them. So cutting, we hear that this is some of the young people do this. Cutting is not something new. Cutting goes way back and it's something that that the enemy uses to hurt a child of God. And God never ever wants you to hurt yourself. He never wants you to cut yourself. He never wants you to in any way hurt yourself. He never wants you to commit suicide. God is not that type of a God. And when those emotions arise up in us, it's because it's Satan doing it. And he is he is the one that's doing that. It doesn't it's not the person, but it's Satan that's doing that. So they're doing they're cutting themselves and there's blood gushing all over. And then nothing happens. So Elijah says, "Okay, now it's my turn." Elijah goes and he he tells the guys, he says, "Dig a trench around the altar." Maybe the altar was about this size. And he says, "Dig a trench around it." And he says, "Take water. Pour water on the offering." This this cut up bowl. Pour offering on. pour water on the offering and the and it drenched the offering and it and it drenched the wood that was around it and it filled up the trench that was around the altar. And I'm saying this because I want you to realize how great of a miracle that Elijah was coming from. Verse number 37. Then Elijah prays and he says, "Hear me, oh, oh Lord. Hear me that this people may know that thou art the Lord God and that thou hast turned their heart back again." Look at the spirit of Elijah. And that thou has turned their heart back again. Then the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice and the wood and the stones and the dust and licked up the water that was in the trench. And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces and they said, "The Lord, he is the God. The Lord, he is the God." So this is a miraculous experience that caused all of these people to believe. And it increased all of these people's faith. And Elijah said unto them, "Take the prophets of Baal." Now we have all of this faith. They just saw fire come down and consume Elijah's. And they said, "All I saw all these guys running around making a lot of noise, but nothing was happening." So over here they see this happen. Now the faith of the people is raised and Elijah says now go gather up all of these prophets of Baal. Let none of them escape. And they took them and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kaishon and slew them there. So Ahab and Jezebel the king and queen they were not happy about this. Elijah starts praying that the Lord right after that Elijah starts praying that the Lord would send rain. Then remember as I said it's been three and a half years and Elijah told Ahab at the beginning it wouldn't rain until he called for it. Now Elijah is calling for it. And once again Elijah even gets down on his knees puts his head between his knees and prays to God that he would send rain. I think it was seven times he prayed this and then the the servant that was with him, he says, "Go look. Is there any anything? You see anything?" He's like, "No." Says, "Sunny and hot." And he says, "Now do it again." And then the last time he says, "Oh." He says, "I see a cloud starting to form in the distance." And Elijah gets up. He says, "That's it." And then he goes down. He says, "Tell Ahab." He tells Ahab that that God is sending an abundance of rain and then the rain comes. But now first Kings 19 that obviously Ahab had just killed all of their prophets. They had failed and he had killed all of Ahab and Jezebel's prophets. So now you have the king and queen were upset. So Elijah's coming off two great miracles. one on Mount Carmel that his his sacrifice was taken was was burned up by the by the fire of the Lord and then second that the rain came. First Kings chapter 19 verse1 listen to this and Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done and with all he had slain all the prophets with the sword. And then Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah, saying, "Let the gods do to me, and more also if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by tomorrow about this time." So she threatens Elijah and Elijah runs for the hills and eventually Elijah finds himself in a cave in the mountains and surely thinking about all of these things and just letting them cook in his mind. Verse number nine. And Elijah came hither into a cave and lodged there. And behold, the word of the Lord came to him, and he said unto him, "What doest thou here, Elijah?" How many of us have been in that same place right there? Where we get this verse, it's like, "What am I doing? Why am I here? What purpose do I have? What what is going on in all of this in all of this confusion?" And it all boils down to what's what am I doing? Have you ever been there when you're trying to serve the Lord? It's like, "What am I even doing?" Or or you're you're struggling with with something in life. What am I doing? And here's Elijah and the word of the Lord comes to him and it's saying, "What are you doing? What are you doing here?" And Elijah says this. He says, "I have been very, very jealous for the Lord God of hosts. For the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword, and I even o I only am left, and they seek my life to take it away. Elijah was down. He just had Imagine, put yourself in Elijah's spot. Can you imagine if you just prayed over a burnt offering and God sent a pillar of fire down and consumed it? Would it increase your faith? Of course it would. And then can you imagine that you prayed that it hadn't rained for three and a half years. You get on your knees and you ask the Lord to send rain and all of a sudden it just starts a thunderstorm starts coming. But here is Elijah. He wasn't looking in the past. Those things were great and God did those things. But Elijah was now walking in the present and he needed help from God. Those things were praise the Lord. They encourage us. But now Elijah is here in this day and he says, "Lord, I need help." He was seeking the voice of God. And it's a strange place that the Elijah's at. He's on this place called Mount Horeb. It's also called Mount Si. This is the place that God first sent his word to the prophet Moses in the form of the Ten Commandments. And here is Elijah and he finds himself on that same mountain. And he was seeking the voice of God. He was seeking something from God. And here's Elijah. And he wants God to speak to him in an audible voice. And we want so often we want the walls to shake. We want someone to speak in tongues and give a prophecy. We want the fire of heaven to come down like that. We want to see these things. And here is Elijah on the same mountain that God sent his word. And he is seeking the voice of God. And we need to understand that the scriptures Elijah maybe he had a little bit of Moses's writing. But we have something that is far beyond that. We have this word which is God. Remember John 1:1 says in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And here is Elijah and he is just seeking the word word of the Lord. And we so often we are seeking God to speak to us. And can you imagine if if you're seeking God and you want him to speak to you and you're praying and you're praying and you're praying, but a lot of times most of the time if you would just open up your Bible, it's God speaking to you. You don't just open it and find a scripture and say, "Okay, there's the answer to my question." But if you open it and you can read the word of God, it is far beyond anything that we could ever imagine. You read this Bible, it is God speaking to you in a still small voice. And if we would just do it more often, we would hear God speaking more often. And Elijah was seeking this. Let that cook for just a minute. what I said. Let it cook that you can hear that still small voice just by reading your Bible. And you can do it whenever you want. Last night, Daniel came into my my office, my den after he got back from um from cleaning or from working here at the church. and he was um he told me he sat down in his chair and I sat I was sitting in mine and he said he said, "Dad, I read um this morning I read first John and first Timothy." And after a whole day of working at the church and how excited he was about everything that's going on and about all the instruments and all the music and all the carpet and all the excitement associated with the church, he was most excited. He wanted to talk to me about these scriptures that he had read that morning. It was still in the oven. The word was still cooking in Daniel. It was still moving. First John, here's what he read to me. 1 John chapter 3 verse 9. He said, "No one born born born of God, no one I'll read the New King James Version. You can leave the Old King James up." No, I'm sorry. Daniel read the English Standard Version. And I'll read the English I'll read the English Standard Version here. 1 John chapter 3:9. No one born of God makes a practice of sinning. For God's seed abides in him, and he cannot keep on sinning because he has been born of God. By this it is evident who are the children of God and who are the children of devil of the devil. Whoever does not practice righteousness is not of God, nor is the one who does not love his brother. Daniel reads that to him and he says, "Dad," he says, "It is not okay to sin." He says it shows you who you are. And he says these ministries and and a lot of these these these contemporary churches, he says they say it's okay to sin just as long as you have a good heart and Jesus loves you no matter what you're doing. They are being they are deceiving the people. And Daniel's here preaching to me about this and he's saying, "Dad, it says right here in the word that it is not right that you separate yourself from God when you sin. When you make the choice to sin, now you have separated yourself from God. For this is the message that you have heard from the beginning that we should love one another. We should not be like Cain who was of that evil one and murdered his brother. Daniel's like, "Dad, remember this has been cooking all day." He woke up in the morning. Can you imagine always being in the word and this always being part of your day? He says, "Dad, Cain was of that evil one. He says, "Serpency doctrine." I said, "Yeah." 1 John chapter 4:9, Daniel continued on. He was flipping through his phone. He says, "In this, the love of God, in this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent his only son into the world, that we might live through him." In this is love, not that we have loved God, but that he loved us and sent his son to be the perpetuation of our sins. Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. No one has ever seen God. If we love one another, God abides in us and his love is perfected in us. By this we know that we abide in him and he in us because he has given us of his spirit, the Holy Spirit. And we ha and we have seen and testify that the father has sent his son to be the savior of the world. Whoever confesses that Jesus is the son of God, God abides in him and he in God. This was cooking all day in Daniel. And he was excited. He's like, "Dad, it's all about Jesus. The whole thing is about Jesus. It's all about if the son of God, whoever confesses that Jesus is the son of God, God abides in him. God dwelleth in him and he in God." If you just read these scriptures, friends, and let them cook for a little while. Really let it sink in. They were cooking in Daniel all day long. And it's the same word that Elijah was was seeking when he was on Mount Horeb. The same God speaking, the same God sending his word, the same God that was dealing with Daniel as he was just med just just rejoicing over these scriptures all day. It's the same God that spoke to Elijah. It's the same God that brought the fire down. It's the same God that brought the rain. It's the same God speaking. If we would just cook on his word. Now, let this put this in the oven for a minute. 1 Timothy 3:16. Listen to this. The Apostle Paul speaking, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for repo, reproof." I'm sorry, brothers. I gave you the wrong Try 2 Timothy 3:16. Yeah, there we go. I apologize. 2 Timothy 3:16, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." What does that mean? He's talking about the word of God. He's talking about the Bible here. English Standard Version says this. All scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reprove, for correction, for training in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, equipped for every good work. Think about that for a minute. All scripture is breathed out by God. I want to hear his voice. I always want to hear his voice. Yesterday, yesterday morning, I was up early and I was preparing for service this morning. And and I had a direction in going, but I was like, Lord, I I need to I need to refine this. I need to get it down. And every place that I would open my Bible and start reading, I was like, "Oh, wow. Oh, man. This is great." And I would read it for a little while and I would just sit back and I would just like, "Oh, this is this is incredible." And then I would go back and go to another scripture. I was like, "Oh, oh, this one's great." I could talk about every one of these. I could spend the whole sermon on just one of these scriptures. And here I am and I'm just trying to let one of them cook and I got all kinds of stuff in the oven and just loving it. Listen to this next scripture. Talk about growing and cooking in the Lord. Luke chapter 2 verse 52 says this, "And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature and in favor with God and man." This happened right after Jesus was 12 years old. He goes to the synagogue and all of these preachers are around like, "Wow, this kid is smart. This kid really knows the scripture." And they were all listening to this Jesus, this young man of 12 years old, expound on the scriptures. And they're listening like, "Wow, this guy, this kid's incredible." And then it wasn't until 18 years later that he started his ministry till he was 30 years old. And here he's 12. It had to cook for a while. The Bible says there, it says Jesus increased in wisdom and in stature and in favor with God and man. You imagine that the son of God, that scripture is amazing that the son of God had to get done. The son of God had to grow in the Lord. He grew in wisdom and he grew in stature. He got bigger and he grew in favor with God. How amazing is that? Now, let this one cook for a minute. I love these scriptures. I again, I could go on forever and ever on these. Before you make a hasty decision with someone, as I said earlier, remember the advice from my boss. James chapter 1 verse verse 19 says this, "Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let Every man be swift to hear and slow to speak and slow to wrath, slow to anger, for wrath, for the wrath of man workketh not the righteousness of God. So when that anger wells up, when somebody offends you or something goes wrong, be swifty here, but slow to speak. Just let let that cook for a minute. when somebody maybe sets you aside and just let you have it, just stop. Just stop and keep in this mind, keep keep this in your mind. I'm just going to let that cook for a while. And then you'll find when that anger passes, then you'll be more able to address the situation. You'll be more able to speak. Here's another one. Listen to this. I was just having a wonderful time just reading all through the Bible. Philippians chapter 2 verse one. If there be any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of spirit, if any bowels of mercy, fulfill ye my joy that you be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord and of one mind. The Apostle Paul to the to the church at Philippi, he's he's encouraging them to be in unity. Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in loneliness of mind. Let each o let each esteem other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. Let that simmer for a minute. Do nothing, NIV says, do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility, value others above yourselves, not looking to your own interest, but each of you to the interest of others. How many times do we say this is what I want. This is what pleases me. This is what and in other places, this is what promotes me. If you had people follow this, there are many people that I know that would be complete mute, that would never say a word because they're always either talking about themselves or or talking about what they want. But we should be talking about what glorifies God. We should be talking about what others want and trying to please God and doing nothing out of selfish ambition. Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in the fashion in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Think about that. Let it sink in. Who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God? NIV is easier to understand. Did not consider equality with God something to be used for his own advantage. He took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of men. NIV says he made himself nothing by taking on the very nature of a servant. being made in human likeness. He humbled himself by becoming obedient to the death, even the death of the cross. Think about that. He was obedient to death, which means he didn't have to do it. When a child's obedient, that means they're doing what they're supposed to do. They don't have to do it. They can rebel and rebel. But Jesus was obedient. You think he wanted to do it? He said he didn't. But he was obedient to that calling. He didn't have to do it. Says right here, he didn't have to do it. But he went to the cross himself. Wherefore God hath highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. That the name of Jesus that that the name of Jesus every knee should bow of things in heaven and things in the earth and things under the earth. And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of the father. Every tongue should confess but it doesn't. But the Bible here it says it should confess. Think about that for a minute. This isn't written written about anyone else. It's not written about Moses. It's not written about Isaiah. It's not written about Joseph Smith with the Mormons. It's not written about Muhammad with the Muslims. is not written about Buddha with the Buddhists or even it's not even even written about Abraham for the Jews. It's written about one man and that's Jesus Christ. With all of this confusion, what Daniel was talking about last night on who I need to believe. Just let that cook on Jesus for a minute and let that cook on the scriptures for a minute. Galatians chapter 6 verse 9 says this. And this as I was thinking about the scriptures, friend, I was thinking about this yesterday as we were all going and cleaning and and wiping down all the all the stuff and and getting everything ready for service. Listen to this. And let us not be weary and welloing for in due season we shall reap if we faint not. New Living Translation says, "And so let's not get tired of doing what is good. At just the right time, we will reap a harvest of blessings if we don't give up. That's how the meat cooks. Meat doesn't cook without you turning on the oven. You can take out the roast and it's cold out of the refrigerator and if you stick it in the oven, nothing will happen unless you put the heat to it. That's what we do. We put the heat to it just like Elijah did through prayer. And what it says right here, and in doing well and let it cook, let's go back to first Kings chapter 19. Let's go back to Elijah. Let's go to verse 11. And he said, "Go forth and stand upon the mount of the Lord." And behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind the mountains, and break in pieces the rocks before the Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind, an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And after the after the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire. Think about that for a little bit. He was seeking God. Elijah was seeking God and God passed by and there was a wind that ripped the rocks out this great powerful thing. Elijah was I'm sure praying and he's seeking God and in this great wind and he says but wait a minute Elijah had enough to him to say God wasn't in the wind. Then he continued to pray and then an earthquake came through. Can you imagine if you were praying and you were seeking the Lord and the walls started to shake and Elijah had enough to him that he knew that God was not in the earthquake and then a fire rolled through. There's a reason that this is written and it's a lesson and we need to be careful that we don't get caught up in the big things. We need to be careful that we don't get caught up in the noise. Those things are fine. If you want to shout and praise the Lord, that's good. But we need to be careful to say that that is the Holy Spirit. A lot of times the Holy Spirit comes down and we praise him and that's good. But we need to be careful in saying that that was the Holy Spirit. Elijah here, I mean, that's not as much as an earthquake or a tornado or a great forest fire. And Elijah knew that God wasn't in any of those. And after the earthquake of fire, but the Lord was not in the fire. And after the fire, a still small voice. Talk about seeing signs. I mean, I don't think any of us have witnessed signs like Elijah saw in the wind. It was a great wind. It must have been like a tornado come down in the earthquake and in the fire. But he knew there was something more. And it was a still small voice that spoke to Elijah. Friends, God gives us his word. And if we would just read that word and then sit and cook on it for a while like Daniel did all day long. Start your day with it. Listen to it. As I said, Elijah may have had a a few scrolls maybe from Moses, but the Philippians say that all of the scripture is breathed out of the mount of mouth of God. So, what does this book, this Bible, what does it mean to you? You can go into a cave in the wilderness or you can sit in your living room with a cup of coffee and read it and just cook like Elijah cooked. Mature like Elijah matured. Mature in the word that was breathed out of the mouth of God again after the earthquake of fire. But the Lord was not in the fire. after the fire, a still small voice. Tremendous. The musicians can come and we'll close. I just I'm just going to read a few a few scriptures. I just want I just want you to be blessed by this word that again what I'm reading. The Bible says it was breathed out of the mouth of God. It's not me speaking. Jesus said, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you." Hebrews 11:6 says, "Whoever will draw near to God must believe that he exists and that he reward rewards those who seek him." 1 Chronicles says, "Seek the Lord and his strength. Seek his presence continually." Jeremiah says, the Lord says, "You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart." Can you imagine? Let that sink in for just a minute. I know I'm reading a lot of them. You can just take one of them and just think on it all day long. Pick one that I've been saying. Proverbs says, "I love those who love me, and those who seek me diligently find me." James chapter 4 says, "Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you." So Elijah is seeking God, and somehow someway he knew that that still small voice was speaking to that was speaking to him was the voice of God. And my favorite thing about this whole story is what James says about Elijah. So Elijah was the man that that brought the the fire down from heaven, consumed the the sacrifice. He was the one that prayed after three and a half years of drought. He's the one that prayed that brought the the rain. And he is the one that was up in that cave and he was seeking God. And he was the one that didn't get caught up in all the emotion. didn't get caught up in all of the different talking and all the different doctrines. He He didn't get caught up in that. And he heard that still small voice. This is one of the greatest prophets that has ever lived. This man Elijah. And my favorite part about the whole story is what someone else says about James chapter 5 says this. El Elias Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are which means he was a man which means he was a normal person. He was just like any of us and yet he prayed the first time and it didn't rain for three and a half years. He prayed the second time and it came sto came thunderstorms and and and and rain and the the fire came down from heaven. these great miracles. Yet he was a man like me. He was a human being like every person in this room. Verse number 13. First Kings chapter 9 19. And it was so when Elijah heard it, that still small voice. He can speak to us friends in the same way. We live below our calling. All of us do. And it was so when Elijah heard it that he wrapped his face in his mantel and he went out and stood in the entering of the cave. And behold, there came a voice unto him and said again, "What are you doing here, Elijah?" Same question as before. But now Elijah had let let these things cook for a while. And now God gives him instructions on what to do, on how to end the reign of Ahab and Jezebel, his mortal en enemies, and who to anoint as a prophet that would succeed him, this man Elisha. And then he says, Elijah, you know, you say that you're the only one. You think that you're the only one, Elijah. Remember, we are like Elijah. James said that. He says, "You think you're the only one." Maybe you think you're the only one that struggles with certain things. Or maybe you think that you're the only one that's doing right. Maybe you think that you're the only one who knows what's right to do in all cases. Maybe that's the way that you're thinking. That's the way Elijah was thinking. I'm the only one, right? And you know what God says? Verse number 18, he says this. He says, "Yet," he says, "You think you're the only one, Elijah? Yet I have left me 7,000 in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which has not kissed him." Elijah, you're not all that. Elijah, you're struggling, and you think you're the only one, but I've got 7,000, which was a lot at that time, friends. Let these things cook. Pause. Be quick to hear and slow to speak and slow to anger. Just pause. Don't go buy the car. Don't get on Amazon and say, "You know what? I want that." And hit the buy button. Let it cook for a little bit. Just wait. Especially you young people and you're choosing a mate. Just wait. I know that you want to move quickly. And remember I said you can overcook the roast. Don't do that. But let it get done first. And in making any decision, all of us, let the roast get finished. Don't take it out of the fridge. Like I told Daniel, take a big bite out of the raw meat. It's not good. But if it's done perfectly, then it's really good. It's perfection. And that's what God has for us. If we will hear that still small voice, and you can hear it every day. Open up your Bible in the morning, read something, anything, and then cook on it all day, and it'll bless you. Think about those scriptures all day. It'll bless you. It will come back to your remembrance when you need it. That's a promise if you stay in the word all the time. and just continuing rejoicing on the scriptures and then everything all of the big stuff can be going all around you and all of these things happening and all of this stuff was going on with Elijah and he's like yeah the the Lord's not in the wind the Lord's not in the earthquake the Lord's not in the fire but he was in that voice as well and we are like him. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; My life be glorified. Would you stand and sing with us? In my life, Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. [Music] Yes, by my life. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified &gt;&gt; today. Let's all agree together and say in this church. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, in your church Lord be glorified. Be glorified. in your church, Lord, be glorified today. Let's sing that again as a prayer together. Lord, yes in your church, Lord be glorified. Be glorified [Music] in your church, Lord. [Music] be glorified. Let's sing. In everything I say and do. Oh yes. In everything that I say and do, be glorified. Be glorified in everything I say. In everything that I say and do, I say and do be glorified [Music] today. Let's just sing in my life, Lord. Oh my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Glory glorified today. Let's bow our heads. Think on these things. The Apostle John said, he said, 'Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they have are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God. And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is not of God. And this is the spirit of Antichrist. Whereof ye have heard that it should come and even now already is in the world. You're of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. He says, he continues on. He says, "Beloved, let us not love one another. Let us love one another. For love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love." It is this in this was manifested the love of God toward us because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him here in his hearing love not that we loved God but that he loved us and sent his son to be the perpetuation of our sins. Father, we're grateful, Lord, that you have given us this holy Bible that we might, Lord, meditate on these scriptures and, Father, get to know you better by your word. And Lord, that we could have, Father, what I'm sure everyone in the his in history has desired to have. And that is, Lord, to be able to hear that still small voice every day, Lord, knowing that you are your word, Father. Whenever we read that word, it is you speaking to us. We're grateful. Thank you, Father, for the story of Elijah and that still small voice and how that mighty man could discern what was just the wind or just a fire or just an earthquake. And Lord, what meant the most to him was that still small voice. We thank you. Bless each one today. Father, may we draw closer to you continually, looking forward to that great coming of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in Jesus name. Amen. Kad nothing without you. Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. [Music] For I am nothing. I have nothing without you. Let's sing that again. Take these hands. Oh, take these hands [Music] and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I am nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. Take my voice. Sing. Take my voice. Oh, and take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I have nothing. I am nothing without you. Let's sing. All my soul. Oh, and all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So the world will see that I have nothing without you. Take my body. Oh, and take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I have nothing. No, I have nothing without you. Sing all my soul. Oh, and all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing [Music] without you. Take my time here on this earth. Oh Lord, take my time here on this earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. No, I am nothing without you. Let's sing that again. Make that your dedication to the Lord this morning. Oh, take my time [Music] here on this earth. Let it glorify all that you are worth. Lord, for I am nothing. No, I'm nothing. without you. For all my soul. For all my soul needs. is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. thing, friends, if you get anything out of this morning's service, is to let things cook for a while. Read your scriptures and let them cook. Let them cook in your heart. When you get angry, just let it sit for a little bit. And then when you open up this Bible, understand that every word written therein was breathed out of the mouth of God. And when you read it, you're reading God's speaking to you and that still small voice, the door will be opened and you can hear. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Brothers, I have a request. Can we sing as we change kind of the Can you sing hosana? Thanks, bro. Gives me strength this song. I love it. Think about the the King of Kings coming into the city of Jerusalem as as we close. Magnify the Lord with me. Don't clap yet. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my. Sing. Glory. Glory to his name. Glory. Glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh glory. Glory to his name. Well, he lives and reigns forever more. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my Jehovah Gyra is his name. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provides. Oh for he provideth all my needs. Oh Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provided all my needs. Sing hosana. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock. Let's sing. Oh, glory to his name again. Oh, glory. Glory to his name. He's alive. He lives and reigns forever. Oh, glory. Oh, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock. Let's all wave our hands to the Lord. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Amen. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Amen. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. One more time. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salv. Give the Lord a clap offering. Say, Lord, we love you. [Music] [Applause] You know, I let a I read a lot of scriptures. I read a lot of scriptures today. And whenever I do that, I just feel like the Lord's pleased. I I know he loves for us to read his word. So, just continue to take those scriptures in, think on them. Tonight, we have We're going to If you have a song tonight for the Lord, come and sing it. Our our service tonight is dedicated to worship, to singing. So come tonight if you got a song or if you want to hear some good singing and it's going to be good. I promise. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. &gt;&gt; KF. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Let's go up the G. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. And I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt paid. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My dead. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name. One more time. You came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. [Music] There's a light in the window. Table spread in splendor. Someone standing at the open door. I can see a crystal river and I must be near forever. Oh, I've never been this so sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. So world has been a wild. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I can see the family gather faces all familiar with no one's older people anymore. Well, this old lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Oh, I've never been this old sick before. Oh, see the bright shine. It's just about time. I can see my father standing at the door. Some world's been a wild mess. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. What a day. What a day that will be. Each saint in victory. [Music] walking through those gates forever more. And as we greet one another, every sister, every brother, Lord, I've never been this whole. I see the bright light shine. It's just about well I can see my father at the door this whole world and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. [Music] The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more. Yes. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. More that I release my gift. The more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music]
