################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-30 - Bro. Noel Johnson : - Noel Johnson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-30
Title:   Bro. Noel Johnson :
Speaker: Noel Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXGQcDAjGNs
========================================

everything both great and small. He gave his life for me, made everything new. He is my everything. Now, how about you? Some folks may ask me, some folks may say, "Who is this Jesus you talk about every day? He is my savior. He set me free." Now listen while I tell you what he means to me. He is my everything. He is my all. He is my everything. Both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything new. He is my everything. Now how about you? One more time. He is my everything. He is my everything. He is my home. He my everything both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything new. He is my everything. Now, how about you, &gt;&gt; brother Jeremy? If you would come up and open in prayer and take this prayer request. There's a a prayer request from from Sister Crystal. She says, "Please pray for my nephew Christopher Con. He was playing boxing and injured his ankles and they're very swollen. He's in a lot of pain and he sees a doctor tomorrow. So if you'll stand if you have a need and you raise your hand that's because you say Lord I believe and sometimes you even have to say Lord help thou my unbelief but he knows what we have need on show thank you gracious heavenly father we just love you Lord we have read this position before you and Lord there's a petition on all of our hearts and those things that we pray to you, Lord. And we have no way but to you, we just ask you to undertake for this need. We end ask you to undertake for the needs of others and even those that are here presently. Lord, draw us closer to you tonight. Bless the guest speaker, Lord. Bless the musicians. Bless the orators, Lord. We just ask you blessings on the service. Forgive us when where we've fallen short. We just ask these things in your precious name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Amen. You were playing Our God Reigns. And while they get the words up there, why don't you just shake one under their hands and good to see you. God bless you. I was trying to catch you. [Music] You have the words to that song. [Music] [Music] How lovely are the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news. Good news [Music] announcing peace. Proclaim me news of happiness. Our God reigns. Yes. Our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Our God reigns. You're going to have to get the words up for me. He He had no state for he had no majesty that we should be all drawn to him. He was despised and we took no account of him. Yet now he Amen. He reigns with the most high. Give him praise forever. Our God reigns. &gt;&gt; Yes. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. It was our sin and guilt that bruised and wounded him. It was our sin that brought him down. When we like sheep had gone astray, our shepher came and on his should he bore our shame and our God reigns. Yes, our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Make as a lamb that's led out to the slaughterhouse. [Music] Come as a sheep [Music] before his sheer. His life ran down upon the ground like pouring rain that we might be born again and our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Yes, he's alive. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he's alive. [Music] He's alive. [Music] He's alive. Out of the tomb. Out of the tomb he came with grace and majesty. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he's alive. God loves us so. See here, his hands, his feet, his son. Oh, yes, we know. Oh, he's alive. [Music] He's alive. [Applause] Yes, he's alive. [Music] Oh, he's alive. He is alive. Our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Give him praise. He's so worthy. Amen. Amen. When she started, we were playing that song and I was going to come out and then brother Dan called me over and I go, "Well, we'll sing the other one and then we'll sing." Was it just it's an atmosphere that it creates when you sing about him and you worship him and you give him glory because there's nothing nothing more than he wants to do is just come and be with us. So, amen. Amen. You know, sometimes we worry about tomorrow, but remember, he holds tomorrow. He's already been there. He's already sent in, and he said it's okay. Amen. [Music] Oh, I don't know about tomorrow. [Music] I just lay from day to day. I don't mind from its sunshine for its skies may turn to gray. I don't worry over the future [Music] for I know [Music] what Jesus said. [Music] And today I'll walk beside you. before he knows [Music] what lies ahead. many things about tomorrow. [Music] I don't seem to understand [Music] but I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. [Music] Every step is getting brighter. As the golden stairs I climb, every birdenance getting lighter, every cloud is silver light. There the sun is always shining there. No tear. Well, dim the eyes. Just tears of joy at the end of the rainbow where the mountain tongs touch the sky. and many things about tomorrow. I don't seem to understand, but I know who holds tomorrow. [Music] And I know who holds my hand. You have him by the hand. He has you by the hand. He'll never let go. Amen. Praise God. You may be seated. I don't know, but I'm just enjoying this atmosphere. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I know it's good out there, too. I just see the rejoicing. But when you talk about him and when you invite him, he comes and and he goes down and he talks to you where he needs to talk to you. Sometimes say, "Lord, this is what I would like and this is I think what you should do." And the Lord says, "Really? Why don't you let me do what?" Kind of like sometimes our children, daddy, I think I would I would need this. Like my grandson at 7 years old thinks he should be able to drive a car already, you know. But grandpa and dad saying it's it's coming but wait on the Lord. Amen. Amen. And into all this, it's not I but Christ in me. And just you just let it let it go to him and say, "Lord, here it is." [Music] What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer [Music] heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freedom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine. I can sing. All is mine, yet not but through Christ. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm going let brother Josiah sang it last time and he kept the temple a lot better than I did. So, thank you, brother. The night is dawn, but I am not yours. For by my side, the Savior, he will stay. [Music] I labor on in weakness and rejoiceing, for in my need his power is displayed. To this I hold. My shepherd will defend me. Through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh, the night has been won. And I shall overcome yet not I, but through Christ in me. No fate I dread. I know I am forgi. The future sure the price it has been paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon and he was raised to overthrow the grave. Oh, to this I hold. My sin has been defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. Oh the chains are released I can sing. I am free yet not I. But through Christ in me, with every breath, with every breath, I long to follow Jesus. For he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day, I know he will renew me. until I stand with joy before the throne. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. [Music] All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ. Into this I hold. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. When the race When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. [Music] Amen. It's um it's nice to have him there. It's also intimidating sometimes. Haven't found anything that he can't sing yet. Maybe maybe in Spanish, but his brother did a really good job singing in Spanish, so he might catch us all by surprise. But every song should be a praise to God. &gt;&gt; It should lift him up. should give him glory. But then you should receive the blessing when you give it. And that's why you give it to him. Not because Lord, if I give you this, you're going to you give me a blessing. Lord, I just want to praise you. I just want to worship you. I just want to say thank you. And just like a mother and a father, when the children are that way, it's our hearts are to help them too. Now, even when they're disobedient, we still love them. But it does take some correction sometimes. Amen. So, we'll sing that. Um, have your way. Brother Daniel will be coming out here in a minute. So, have your way. Have your way. [Music] Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we pray and as we pray, speak your word into our hearts and have your way. Would you ask him that right now? Have your way. Have your way. [Music] Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we wait [Music] and as we pray, [Music] speak your word into our hearts and have your way. Have your way. [Music] Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. [Music] As we wait [Music] and as we pray, speak your word. [Music] &gt;&gt; God bless you, friends. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; It's a It's a good evening. It's it's a wonderful day that the Lord has given us. I appreciate our brother here, brother Null. Um last minute I asked Brother Aaron, Brother Lyle, I said, "I don't know if I can I can do it this Wednesday night and uh Brother Aaron said, "Oh, Brother Null's in town." I thought, "Yes, he is." So, he he saved me. Um as you can see, we made a little bit of a mess outside. I promise we'll clean it up and it's going to be a lot neater than before it was. So, what's going to happen out there is the um we are going to repour the all the concrete. So, all the cracks and everything and big puddles are going to be gone. We're going to repour the concrete there. The area where the kids area is, it's just a little sidewalk right now that's going to come out uh quite a ways. So that'll be the area of fellowship. We're going to put some planters there on uh on the front of that that face that will face Hento here and um we'll have power. We'll have irrigation to the planters and um and a big structure, a big shelter that's going to go over the whole thing. So I know that seems like the top of my head just gets cooked after Sunday service. So, we'll have a place that we can stand under the shade and fellowship. I think it's going to be really, really nice. Special thanks as always to our trustees and the work that they do. Brother Dan Numer there, brother John Ler, he's been heading up this project with these um the changes to the courtyard there, and brother Ed Dooall always always here and working. don't want to forget the one that is literally almost always here and he's out getting some stuff done back east right now and that's brother Arie Peterson and brother Arie he may not be here right now but he that brother whenever there's a problem at the church brother Arie is the first one on the scene so special thanks to the trustees they do just such a great job friends we're blessed &gt;&gt; we're blessed to have the deacons and trustees that we just um I prayed the Lord gave us a good foundation when I started a couple years ago and one of the first things I asked for I said Lord you've given us you've given us some good deacons and you've given us a couple good trustees but I need I need two more trustees and the Lord answered that prayer with Dan Numer and John Loker So these those two brothers are they're really they are the manifestation of a prayer that I ask the Lord for. Um we're we are blessed. We are blessed. Sister Shirley, God bless you. Welcome. Sister Shirley's brother Null Johnson's wife. Everybody knows Brother Null. Brother Lyall Johnson's brother and a wonderful teacher. It runs in their family, I guess, with the two Johnson's that I know are very, very good teachers of the word. Let's all stand. Um, where is Brother Aaron? Did Could you help me? Let's sing. Let's sing the Amazing Grace the traditional way. Can we sing that? Thank you. I'll be introducing our dear brother from North Carolina, minister of the gospel, Brother Null Johnson. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Let's do that last verse. Oh, when we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun with no less days to sing God's praise. [Music] I want to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and it's always my privilege to come and to be with you. I was listening to the songs that you were singing as beginning of the service. One of them was our god reigns. I ask you, do you believe it? The other ones I don't know about tomorrow. No, but who's leading you? &gt;&gt; And those are that's basically the subject matter of what I'm going into. While you're standing, if you'd open your Bibles to Hebrews, the 4th chapter, we'll read two verses. When I was asked to minister, I had a thought in my mind. I just didn't know how to I didn't know how to come come about it to present what I have a desire in my heart to present to you. So we started off in Hebrews 4th chapter in verse one it says but let us therefore fear lest a promise being left us of entering into his rest any of you should seem to come short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them. But the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it. And let's just pray. Our most gracious, loving heavenly father, we've gathered together that we might worship you, that we might adore you, that we might give unto you the gift of praise, Lord, that it comes from our heart. But then, Lord, it comes a part of the service where, Lord, we sit back and we sit at your feet and receive what you'd have for us. You've chosen to speak through men. It's been my my lot, Lord, to stand before the purchase of your blood this evening. But Lord, I want you to take my thoughts and guide them. Let the words that are spoken, Lord, I want them to come from you. For I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. I had a thought couple days ago that may not make much sense to you, but I says, "Life is a journey into an unknown." Now, who do you want to lead you? I don't know about tomorrow. I don't know what our government's going to do. I don't know anything and anything about anything. I know the sun is scheduled to rise. God ordains that. Well, if it rises and I get to raise with it, that means God's given me another day. What he wants me to do during the day. Um, he doesn't tell me normally until I get out of bed. But one of the things that when it says, "Let us therefore fear. Let's be fearful. Let let's let's be aware that there is something there is a promise that God has given to us which will allow us to enter into a into a condition of rest. But we have to have faith to believe that. And and the rest that it's talking about there is not, you know, after you've been out in the yard and you're working hard and stuff and like that and you go back, sit in your recliner, have a cup of have a cup of tea or whatever it is. And yeah, we we we let our body rest. But but the rest here, the rest that I want to try and portray is is not just coming in and putting up our feet or going to bed and getting rest. know there there's something there's a deeper there's a deeper thought that I would like like to try and present to you. I've been under the impression especially since coming into the message. I believe Christians should be able to to so place their faith in God that we can be at a state of rest. a state where we no longer fear tomorrow or what what it may bring because we know we have faith that God is the one in control and believe he's directing my life. It's taken me years to come to this conclusion to come to this awareness. But once I began to realize I have no control of tomorrow, I have I have no control over my life. I mean, yeah, I'm I'm standing here. I'm 81 years old. I've already had my my I'm I'm you know since I'm 81 I'm in borrowed time so so to speak your promise three score and 10 if if you make it to 80 by for whatever reason great but after that you're on your own boy you know but you have but I I have come to the understanding especially and I'll get to this later on but I've come to the understanding there is a place we can get to in God where we can so believe him that we no longer longer fear tomorrow. We no longer worry about tomorrow. We no longer can that doesn't matter what tomorrow brings because God has already been there. He's already knows what problems we're going to face and he's already taken care of it if we'll let him. Brother Randomman says, "Why are people all tossed about?" Brother Brandham makes a statement. He said, "The Christian faith is based solidly upon rest." That's right. A Christian is not tossed about. A Christian doesn't run from place to place. A prison doesn't fuss and fume and worry about things. A Christian rests. It's all over. It's all finished for the believers at Calvary. That's right. Oh, sickness may come and disappointments, but the Christians at rest knowing this, that God is able to keep that which he has performed, knowing that no matter what the thing is, how it looks, neither there's sickness or sorrow or death. There's neither starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. We're at rest. Just let the old ship tossed on your way once to the anchor holds. And so when I began to look at that and I began to study that and and began to dwell upon it in hab in Hebrews 4 and3 u going on brother in Paul writing he says for we which have believed to enter into rest as he said as I have sworn in my wrath if they shall enter into my rest though the works were finished from the foundation of the world. In one of the commentaries I have at Vincent's word studies, he takes this verse three and he breaks it down. He says, I he says, I say by faith, for we believers who embrace the Christian faith when it was offered to us do enter into the rest. Not our entering or on the way to, but entering into the rest is a fact which is characteristic of us as believers. We actually have we actually when we believe if when you cannot when you grasp the magnitude of the love that God portrayed to us at the cross. When you can begin to understand how God came from the came from glory. He came and dwelt in a human frame and that frame was willing to go to the cross to save us. One of the things I studied the life of Christ relationally somebody challenged me with something else and I didn't I didn't like their concept you know they they said oh yeah Jesus Christ was hum was was all of humanity and he was but he was all of humanity but also God dwelt in him and and I and I I always wonder how is it that God dwelt how that God dealt with living in flesh. Adam when he was in theophony he didn't have a care in the world when he came into flesh that's when the troubles all started but I ran across in my study brother Brandon makes a statement he said what happened with Jesus Christ because he had free will he had to choose every day what he was going to do but he was willing to take his free will and give it to God he only did as God directed him. The real struggle came when he when he got to Gethsemane. He already knew that the cross was there. He already knew that was what God had ordained for him to go and to do. But yet he he began to cry out in agony. Is there any other way? Can I avoid this cross? But he says, "Not what I will, but I'll do as you will." He chose to go to the cross. I I when when I began to concentrate on that, I began to realize this is huge. He did not have to go. He could have said, "No, I like it here. I'm enjoying myself. I like my disciples and and we're having a great time. I I think I'll just bypass this." He could have. I think one day, don't you know, I could have called 10,000 angels and he could have cleaned this place up. He willingly gave his life for us. And to me, that's huge. I don't I don't know how it strikes you, but but to me, this this this is I I have never thought of it in in in that way for for a long time. But but what I wanted to do is I I I was trying to think, well, what type of examples can I use in order to express the point that I'm trying to make? And the first one I I thought about David. And David's an interesting character. You guys have already studied him quite extensively. David was out there minding his own business, feeding his dad sheep. U God had told Samuel, he says, "Go down. You're going to anoint the next king of Israel." So Samuel obedient, he took the horn of oil. He went into David's father's house. And then he says, "Where put all your sons? Let them let me see them." So oh, here nice, strong, handsome young man. And he was he's going to anoint him. And God says, I rejected him. And he went through all of them until finally Samuel looked at David's dad and says, "Don't you have another one?" Oh, yeah. I forgot about him. Yeah. Yeah. He's someplace out in the field taking care of a bunch of sheep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He He's out there. We'll call him in. So So David walks in and all of a sudden God says, "He's the one." So here this old man, gray bearded, he takes his horn of oil and dumps it all over the top of David's head and says, "David, you are the next king of Israel." Oh, interesting. What was David's thing? Did he run to S and say, "Hey, I'm going to be the next king. I I need to be some I need some training. I need you to sit there and direct me how to do." No, he went back to the sheep. From that point on, we can follow in David's life, God prepared him to be what God had ordained him to be from the beginning of time. So he went there, all of a sudden Saul was having bad moods because of an evil spirit God had put on him. And so that why did they choose David? Because God ordained for David to go there and to play before him. And then that's when David became got to observe how the court of a king takes care of business so to speak. But then there was a battle with Goliath and the Philistines. And so all of a sudden David went back taking care of the sheep. His sons went out there to the battle and his father was concerned about how his sons were doing. And so he takes David, gives him some food and stuff and says, "Here, take them see how the see how your sons are doing. your brothers are doing. So, so David arrives about the same time that Goliath's making this huge boast. And David listens to this guy and says, "Aren't any of you guys going to fight this guy? We have a promise from God. We are God's children. We have a covenant but from God and he promised to be with us. He promised to help us overcome. He promised to defeat the enemy. He promised to take care of all of these things. So what are you afraid of this guy for? So David says, "I'll go fight him." But see, God had prepared David for the f battle with Goliath because a lion came in once and a lion comes in, I normally find the exit, you know. No, he fought the lion. He killed it. A bear came out, he killed the bear. And so when he stood before Goliath, he realized this guy, this guy's nothing. I've already done a lion. I've already done a bear. What's this uncircumcised Philistine? And it's interesting when when you look at David, Saul tried to put his his theological understanding on him and he just got rid of that really quick. He went down and chose five smooth stones, put it in the bag the shepherds have, and then he ran toward Goliath. He didn't just kind of tippy toe, you know. No, he ran toward and put a stone in the sling and got out of one and let it rip. God directed the stone. It slew Goliath. God had prepared David for that battle. He had faith in God because he had seen how God worked in his life in protecting the sheep and taking care of him. And and David had a relationship with God where he would sit and God would inspire him with songs. And so we have a lot of them written in in in the Psalms. David had a relationship with God. He knew God was not God was not a God of history. God was a God of reality to David. When he went out to battle, what did he do? He consulted God. Where should we go? How should we approach this? How should we do this? And God directed and he followed everything God said to achieve. But it came to but but when we begin to hear again when we begin to look at David when David was in the court of Saul Saul got jealous of David and so David had to run for his life and there was opportunities that David had periodically to have killed Saul. One time he was hid up in a cave and all of a sudden Saul went in there to to do his business so to speak and David and and and his men were in that cave and David could have very easily just gone ahead and smitten Saul. But he didn't do it and he some of his his men said, "Hey, let us go. You know, we'll strike him once. We don't have to strike him twice. I mean, he's sitting there as a sitting duck. We'll just take care of it." But but see, David had a David had an attitude. In 1st Samuel 26, we we read, "David said unto Abashai," "Destroy him not, for who can stretch forth his hand against the Lord's anointed and be guiltless?" David said, "Therefore, as the Lord liveth, the Lord shall smite him, or his day shall come to die, or he shall descend into battle and perish. The Lord forbid that I should stretch forth my hand against the Lord's anointed, but I pray thee, take another spear and and his bolster and and his water. David could have killed him. David could have He said, "I have the anointing oil on me. Saul had anointed me to be king. To be king is my position. To be king is my calling." He could have gotten rid of Saul, but he said, "No, I want God to bring it to pass. I want God to direct my life. I want God to make it so that when I ascend unto the throne, I want it to be in God's will and God's timing." And so, he waited until God brought that to pass. So, this was the attitude we find of David. Another story, another person came to mind was was Joseph. Now, Joseph's another interesting person. We find that that Joseph he was a spiritual man. He his dad loved him. He he loved him more than he loved his other sons. Which made jealousy which made all kinds of conflict within the family. And so all of a sudden, Joseph was given a dream. He said he said, "Hear you the dream which I have dreamed." This is in Genesis 37. For send him, hear me, I pray you the dream that I have dreamed. For behold, we were build binding sheavves in the field. And lo, my sheep rose, and also stood upright. And behold, your sheep stood round about and did obedience to my sheep. They bowed. And his brethren said to him, "Shall you thou indeed reign over us? Or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us?" And they hated him yet the more for his dreams. And he dreamed yet another dream and told his brethren. He said, "Behold, I have dreamed another dream and behold the sun and the moon and the 11 stars made obed obedience to me." And he told it to his father and to his brethren. And his father even rebuked him. Now God had given Joseph dreams. How were these dreams going to be fulfilled? His brothers hated him. His father rebuked him. How was David going to come to a place in his life where everybody was going to bow to him? Joseph had no idea what lay ahead of him. For in order for God to fulfill what the dreams God had given to him, um Joseph went out and and his brother his brothers took him, threw him in a pit. They were going to kill him, but one of his other brothers said, "No, let's let's not kill him. they' sold him into slavery instead. So he went into slavery and there he potterer uh bought him as a slave, gave him rulership over the house and he was obedient to that. He was obedient to obey his master and then then potterer's wife decided she wanted a relationship with Joseph and so that created issues and from and because she accused him falsely he was then thrown into prison. So he was sitting there in prison and for after a while all of a sudden there's two of of Pharaoh's servants came into the same prison and and and uh he was checking on the prisoners and he noticed these two servants. He says why are you two so sad today? Well, we've dreamed a dream and we don't know what they mean. So just well let me tell me them. Maybe maybe God will tell me the understanding. Give me the understanding. So one of them the butler he says yeah. He says you're going to go and after so many so many days I have to paraphrase I don't have it in front of me but he but he says in three days he says you're going to be restored back to your your position with Pharaoh. He said oh that sounds great. So the baker he gave his dream and and and so the interpretation of that was yeah in three days your head's going to be removed from the rest of your body. And so that wasn't as nice to hear as as the butler. But when but when they were restored back to their position or at least the butler was Joseph says remember me before Pharaoh. I've been I have not I've done nothing to warrant me being in this prison. Nothing. And so when when the butler was there and he was all excited and stuff and he forgot all about Joseph. But then uh a little while later, however long it was, all of a sudden Pharaoh had a dream and he I think there was two dreams. One of them I think it was corn. The other one I think was of cattle and there was seven of them good and and when those the seven years that followed were going to be extremely bad. And so when when when Pharaoh told the dreams to Joseph, Joseph interpreted them and says there's going to be seven years of plenty, seven years of great harvest, seven years, everybody's going to just just relish in in the volume of food which is available. But then there's going to come seven years of total famine. And so you you you know, it's wise for you to start taking during the good years, stock it up so there'll be what? There'll be food to carry you through the famine. And so Pharaoh took Joseph and elevated him to a position where he was next where he was the only one above Joseph happened to be Pharaoh. It was during this famine that that that um I I that the Abraham Abra Isaac I guess it was Abra Abraham. Anyway, I don't have it written out. Anyway, he sent his sons in there to go and and to and to uh go to Egypt, get some food. So, they went there and and as they as his brothers came in, Joseph knew who they were. They didn't know who he was because he had his head all shaved because that's he was that was his position. He was a priest there with within Pharaoh's h domain, if you will. And at that time, the dreams that Joseph had had, he remembered them. He had to go through hell to get to where God wanted him to fulfill the dreams that God had given to him. God has a purpose for all of our lives. He didn't save you just so you can go to a nice place of retirement called heaven. No, he has a purpose for your existence. He has a purpose for you being born. He has a purpose for you living the lives that you live. He has a purpose for the jobs that you hold. He has a purpose as he has guided and directed every single one of you to bring you to the place where you sit today. And if you can go back and you can look at your life, you can begin to understand, you can begin to see the hand of God as it has led you, as it has guided you, as it as it has taken care of you all during a time of your life. If you could look back and you can see God's hand in your life, it should give you courage to place your trust in him. So this is the concept of rest that I that I'm trying to to to to bring to the forefront of our minds because this is something that I I have had to learn in my life. I have, you know, I thought I was in control of my life and I found out as I look back at my life. No, I never was. But I can see how the hand of God I want, I wanted to join with I wanted to become a soil conservationist and I wanted to go out and live, you know, be outside. I wanted to, you know, do do that kind of stuff. Well, I ended up being drafted into the army and they taught me how to be a lab tech. I had never thought of ever becoming a lab tech, but that's what I ended up doing. But I can see how God with my occupation, he has led me and he has helped provide for my family all the way through our life. When we went to Israel, I became the head of head of the lab. I I hired the people. I designed the I I well I wrote out all the procedures for the test which we were going to do. I interacted with them. I encouraged them and we had a good lab. But then when it came time for us to come back to the states, well, I didn't have the degree necessary, but I so for the for the to work in a lab in the regular hospital. So, I ended up at at Tucson General. They there was an osteopathic hospital. That probably doesn't mean anything anymore, but they would take me at a lower uh level, so to speak. I was still a lab tech. I still performed all the stuff, but I had to go back to college and I had to get a degree in order to be able to have a bachelor's degree so I could I could retain my position. Okay. After I got the degree, I found out it doesn't mean anything anyway, but I had to go through it anyway. But we but here but I can see how God led I can see how by me by him leading me into that occupation, I was able to provide for my family whereas before I never would have been able to manage that. And and but but when it comes down to when when when we begin to look at our lives, when we be when we begin to understand h how God will take us and how God will mold us and make us, how how God has his hand upon each and every single one of us, but we don't know about tomorrow. You sang the song, our God reigns. He does, but if you don't believe it, it doesn't mean anything. You sing the song, I don't know about tomorrow. You know, and you talk about trusting in him. No, I don't know about tomorrow either, but all I know is God's the one who's already been there because time has no meaning to him. So, he's already been there. He knows all the struggles I'm going to face. So, if I trust him, he'll lead me through tomorrow and the tomorrows that come. Joseph didn't know what he had to go through for that dream to be fulfilled. We don't know what we have to go through. So that God can bring us into so that God can so dwell in us until he can bring his manifest. So he can so live in us until we become the living manifestation of God himself. You know the Bible makes an interesting statement says we are predestined to be conformed to the very image of Jesus Christ. I keep looking at myself and says good luck. You know there's still a lot of me around. But I also can look back in my life and I can begin to see that he has a process that I have been going through over the years where I have learned not to rely upon my own abilities because the more I find out I don't have any and I can turn my abilities or my I can turn my projects whatever it is over to him. And I find that if I leave if I let him guide and direct he does a better job than if I take over. And so I have learned in in in a lot of ways I've learned to just rest in him. I've learned to take I come up with a situation that I don't know what to do. I says, "Well, Lord, I'm at my wit's end. Lord, you take over from here because I can't do this." And then he does. I mean, you you look at Abraham. Abraham had said, "You're going to be a father of many nations." Um his wife was barren. It got to the place where he was. I think she was 90 or something like that. I'm here. Again, I don't have my notes, so you'd have to take it for a while. You know the meaning. Abraham in his life had reached to the point where Abraham could not perform what God had said you were going to have. It got to the place he said, he he says, you know, I am barren. You know, she's barren. We we aren't we have no ability to have any children at this age and all of the other things which go along with it. But he goes on, Romans 4:16, talking about Moses, there is a faith that that that it might be by grace to the end the promise might be sure to all the all of the seed, not to that only which is of the law, but to also that which is the faith of Abraham, who's the father of us all. As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him who be before him who believed, even God, who quickenth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were. So Abraham, who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, so shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, as as he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. It says, "He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able to perform." And and and and it's in this concept with Abraham. Abraham in Abraham, God had taken Abraham. He went into the promised land. He was in a part of a famine. He didn't like it. So, he journeyed on to Egypt. And God says, "No, this isn't what I promised you. I didn't promise you Egypt. I promised you Palestine." So God forced him back into Palestine. And then God put Abraham Abraham through lots of different trials and tribulations until Abraham came to the place in his life where he began to trust God for everything. He had to trust him for the rain to come. He had to trust him for the food that he ate. He had to trust him when he went out to save Lot, his his his his nephew. He had and he had to come to the place where where he had he came to the place where he so trusted God where it didn't matter what the problems were didn't matter the circumstances he said God had made a promise to me and God is obligated to that promise finally when the promised son was born we find that God told Abraham he says now take your son your only son and take him up to the mountain and give and and and sacrifice him as a sacrifice to me. All the promises to all of the promises to Abraham rested in Isaac. If Isaac did was not alive, all the promises to Abraham were gone. But Abraham took two of his servants and they went and they they into the place where God had showed him the mountain to go up to. And Abraham makes an interesting statement. I and my son were going to go up to the mountain. We're going to worship. I and my son were going to return. But he knew he was going to take his son. He was going to put him on a bl on a bunch of wood and he was going to light a fire under it. He was going to reduce him to ashes. I and my son were going to go to the mountain. We're going to worship God. I and my son, we're going to come back. How was God going to do this? that a Abraham did not worry about how God was going to do. All he knew was that God could and God would. And as as Abraham was ready to to kill Isaac, God says, "Stay your hand." He says, "I know now you trust me." But see, this is the this is the place we have to come in our relationship with God. We have to come in, in my opinion, we have to come to a position in God. We have to come to a rest in him where we sang the song, I don't know about tomorrow. I don't know what it's going to bring, but but I know who holds tomorrow and my God reigns. And we and if we can ever if we can ever cross the barrier where we look outside of ourselves and begin to trust in the God that has called us. When we begin to realize God the God that we serve, the God that has called us, he said he he he says our God can do anything that there there's no limitations to him. But we have to believe that. Um I mean my wife and I I mean we've we've gone through things in our lives. I I know there was one time we had gone back when we come back from India. I mean Shirley was she was just death warmed over almost. I mean I was in much better shape when I asked the other brothers. We were in Switzerland for their Easter meetings. I told her brother we got to pray for Shirley. I says she's really really bad sick. They looked at me and said you don't look too good yourself. I wasn't worried about me. me. I was worried about her. So I that's the first time I really ever went down before the service was and I poured out my heart to God like I have never done in my life. I cried out to God. I says you play you have to spare surely if you pull her card you might as well pull mine. And then God undertook and then she went she then and she got well. But I but it and there was another incident where and I might have been the same meeting or a different one. There was this lady which was there and she had had a problem and I don't know what the problem was. She'd gone up for prayer and everybody prayed for her. And then when the service was over, all of a sudden as we were exiting the the the auditorium, I exited one door which was I don't know 20 ft from where she exited. And all of a sudden this lady had a spell episode, what whatever it was. And all the brothers were around her praying for her and stuff. And I looked at her, I says, "What can I do for this sister? Can I pray for her? Yeah, that's what we're obligated to do. Can I give her faith? No, I cannot give her faith. Faith is something that comes from inside. Faith is something, Brother Bam says, you faith is something you possess. But it it and and and it's having this faith in God to be able to accept the promise of God regardless of the circumstances. And I looked at could I heal this lady? No, I couldn't do it. I realized I was helpless. The something inside of her had to respond and be able to grasp hold of the promise of God to her. And until she was willing to grab hold of that promise. Didn't matter who prayed. Didn't matter how much oil you poured over her. Didn't matter nothing. It had to come from inside her. And within all of us, I I find this as as we in different places I've ministered, I've come to the same conclusion. When you it's like, okay, brother Brandham, in one place, he he he sent out these prayer claws. It's interesting. He gets this letter back from this lady, an elderly lady. From what I gather, she got the prayer cloth. She says, "Fine, now I have the prayer cloth. Brother Brandon prayed over this. Satan, I'm healed. Now you have to leave." And then she got up and healing was instantaneous. She accepted it. There's something inside of her that responded to what brother what brother Brandham had sent to her. I'm not trying to elevate brother Brandon, but he's the closest thing to Jesus Christ that I've ever seen in my life. So you excuse me if I reference him, but I I've come to the realization everything the battles that I fight. There has to be something inside of me that'll grab hold of the promise of God to me. And when I grab hold of that and I begin to cry out unto God, I have to believe he will hear my prayers and he will answer that. And he has never failed. It isn't always instantaneous. That's fine. But I know once he has heard me, I rest. It's not up to me to bring it to pass. It's up to him to fulfill the promise. And if I take if if we if we pray, oh yeah, I believe God heals. Yeah, he does. But until you take that prayer and make it personal to you, it doesn't mean anything. But when you begin to say, God, you have in your word, those stripes laid on your back, you purchased my healing. &gt;&gt; It's a promise you have given to me. And now I am claiming that promise. And now God is obligated to you for to fulfill the promise that he had made. It was just a general thing. Yeah. Okay. But when you begin to take and make it personal, when when you begin to have an intimate personal relationship with God where God is not something of the past, but God is a reality in your life. I was raised in a Baptist church. Yeah. Sunday school, they taught me all the stories. It was great. The preacher was a good preacher. Nothing wrong with that. But God was history. God I you read about him in this book. Okay. He seemed like he's a real nice person. Yeah, he did a lot of wonderful though. God was in here. Yeah, he he did a lot of miracles. He did a lot of wonderful things. When I saw brother Bradom, God became a reality to me because God was no longer a god of history. He was alive. He does live. I've seen him manifested in not only his life but in the lives of others. And I' and as and as I' I've ministered to different places, I've seen where God by in his sovereignty, he honors my prayers at times, not all of the times, is praying for others. I I know there's been a few times and you know, church, they have yeah, we have a prayer request and so they read off a list of 20 30 people or whatever. And so I get up there, but I God cautioned me. He says, "If you accord pray according to my will, I hear you." But if you just pray, it's not that God won't hear, but if we know the will of God and we pray according to that will, God I know will intervene. And there's been a few times that that we've been praying for somebody and all of a sudden the anointing hits, right? Take the bull by the horn and casts out Satan. And from that point on, I looked for the manifestation. And another in a humorous kind of an example is um Shirley was uh coughing severely, keeping me awake. I mean, it's bedtime. We're supposed to go to bed, get some sleep. Okay. She was nice enough. She went in the front room and she'd gotten her lazy Susan and but she was still coughing and just keeping me awake. I got mad. Not at her. I got mad at Satan harassing her and I wasn't even nice. I got in there and I told Satan, "I am tired of you harassing my wife. Get out now." She quit coughing. She got some sleep. I got some sleep. But see, that's the power we possess. That is that is the authority that God has. When Jesus sent out his disciples, he gave them power over unclean spirits and all the other things that has never been rescended. That is still in effect today. But you have to believe. &gt;&gt; Everything with God is based on our ability to have faith in him. And if we have faith in him, we know he will do what he has promised to do. Brother, brother brother Mana makes is make he makes this statement says faith is unconscious. You got faith and you don't even know it. Jesus Christ, no matter if he was in a storm and a gales knocking the boat from one side to the other or he was standing in the face of a mess of demons, if he was hanging anywhere, never moved him. He walked right on just as calm and quiet as he could be. Why? He was simply unconscious of fear of anything around him. That's right. Whether it was going to happen or whether it wasn't going to happen. He knowed it was going to happen because God said so. He didn't say, "I wonder if I prayed through. I wonder if I fasted long enough. I wonder if I did this." He just walked right on unconscious. That's right. He believed what God had said was true. The words must be fulfilled and he knowed that his life was to fulfill them. That's right. We say, "Oh, yeah, that's Jesus Christ." Do you realize God has called you? Why did you accept Jesus Christ? Because you were a part of God from the beginning. I mean, there's lots of references I can give you that, but we we'll bypass that. But you are a part of God from the beginning. God went out looking for his children. You are his child. I am a child of God. I may not look like it. I may not even act like it, but still I am his child. My parents brought me into the world, I'm a Johnson. Good, bad, or indifferent, I am still a Johnson. There are times that I pestered my mother to the point of frustration and I got to stand up when I had dinner that night. My dad wore my backside out. Okay? But I was still his son. That never has changed. I am a son of God. Do I live perfect? No. Do I have faults? Yeah. Biggest fault I have generally speaking is when I get out of bed in the morning. That's when all the trouble starts. Okay. But still, I'm his child. That will never change. He knew what I was like when I was in the world. He knew the mistakes I've made as I've been a Christian. And he know the mistakes I'll make tomorrow. But he loves me. He proved his love to me at the cross. Anytime I need something from him, I always go back to Calvary. Calvary possesses everything I will ever want because that's where I met him and that's where I still meet him. I still meet him at the cross because there at the cross, God has made a statement. He says, "I am the very righteousness of God himself by being in Christ. He became sin for me who knew no sin that I might be made the righteousness of God in him. He became my sin sacrifice that I might become over a period of time but through training or whatever else that I might become the very righteousness of God in him. And there's a change that's been going on in my life over the years where I can see his righteousness every now and then actually beginning to be able to show to shine through. I'm in a process because he was the sacrifice. And so whatever I have need of, it's all at the cross. Everything is there. You guys have heard this before, but I'll reiterate it again. It's on Habacook. When I studied Habacook, that changed my whole concept of faith in God. Habacook was at a time when God had had told Habac, he showed him all the sins of the hypocrisy of the priests and people and God and Habacook got frustrated, righteous indignation, whatever you want to call it. And he says, "God, why don't you bring judgment?" I'll paraphrase if you don't, you know, I do it anyway. He God says, "You know, that's a good idea. I think I'll take you up on that one. I I think I'll send in the Chaldans." Oh, no. No. They're not nice people. They kill because they like to kill. They're going to come in here and they're going to make I mean the blood's going to flow through the streets. But then God came and but then in Habacook 2 and 4, God began to talk back to Habacook. And the Lord answered me and said, "Write the vision and make it plain upon tablets that he may run that readeth it. For the vision is yet for an appointed time. God has a time for everything. I personally believe we're at the end time. What end time means, I can't define that. When the rapture will take, I cannot give you a date. All I know is I honestly believe because of what brother God had spoken through the prophet, I believe we're at the door for all things to be fulfilled. When that doors will open, I don't know this. I mean, I can't give you dates and times. All I in myself I feel we're we're it's eminent. Okay. But God has an appointed time for every he had an appointed time for Joseph to become second in line to Pharaoh. He had a time for Moses to be the deliverer for the children of Israel. He had a time for David to become the king. And but they all had to go through a process to bring them to the place where it was in God's timing where God began to fulfill the promise he had given to them. Okay. So he said put in a vision but at the end he'll speak and not lie. He said the in verse four he said behold his soul is lifted up is not upright in him but the just shall live by his faith. And as I studied that out because this is where Paul says the just shall live by faith. This is where he refers back to. And in the one of the commentaries I says he he says he he whose soul is not right in him, he places himself in a fortress or a tower to set himself on high from where the enemy and does not return to God nor seek deliverance of him. But the righteous has no need to place himself on high in a fortress, for he shall live by his faith. So some people have are of the opinion, yeah, I can do this by myself. I don't need God's help. God says, "Fine, I'll take my hands off. I wish you luck." And that's where that's where the world's at today. And and I won't go into politics, but what is spelled out in in in in uh in vers God speaks to Habacook and makes him a promise. A man by his faith in God shall live. Without faith, Paul says it's says at the commandments of the Old Testament pictures of the great faith in Hebrews 11, it's impossible to please God. Faith is faith in the creature which does not yet see God as one and the same principle, a trustful relying belief in its creator. This was the characterist of Abraham their father unshaken unwavering belief in God who called him. I saw this in the life of the prophet. I see this in the lives of other men who have come to this place where they are at rest. Nothing moves them because they're no longer relying upon themselves. They're no longer trying to attain it by themselves. I don't struggle in my Christian walk. I don't struggle to try and become something. What I'm doing is I'm trying to die out to myself so that the God that is in me can live his life out through me. And this is the thing. This is what I have been been trying to concentrate on for the last few years because I c I know where I am in Christ. I know where the Bible says I should be. I have no way of getting from A to B. God is the only one that can bring me there. &gt;&gt; And I understand that. What will I have to go through? Will I have to go through like Joseph? Will I have to go through like David? Will I have to go through? I I don't know. I don't know tomorrow. But all I know is I have taken and taken my my utmost confidence in God that I have committed my life to you and I want you to lead and guide the rest of my life so that you will get me to where I know you're wanting me to be. when goes in Habacook when when Habacook finally came to the realization of what God was requiring of him and he accepted that and this is what I had done with God. I says you ask Habacook to have total confidence in you, total trust in you where you would give him he that Habacook would give you the total preeminence in his life regardless of what happened. And Habacook, it goes on in Habacook 3:16, "When I heard, my belly trembled, my lips quivered at the voice, rottness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself that I might rest in the day of trouble when he cometh up into the people. He will invade them with his troops." Then he goes on, he says, "Though the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall they be fruit in the vines. The labor of the olive shall fall and the field shall yield no meat. The flock shall be cut off from the fold and there shall be no herd in the stall. Though there be total devastation, though he possesses nothing, he said, "Yet I will rejoice in the Lord, I will joy in the God of my salvation." And when you read that last verse in the Hebrew in the King James, it kind of misses something, but he Habacook is saying, "I will rejoice with everything that's within me. I will dance. I will shout. I will scream. I I I will I will I will worship God with everything that is within me because because I've put my trust and my trust in him. And as I began to look at this and I began to realize the different things you know in my life and I'm not perfect, not by any stretch, but yet I began to think about that when I look at me, I find an imperfect individual. I find myself with faults, failures, shortcomings. I find myself that I I don't always live up to the standards I know that God has said. I don't I'm not talking about going out in sin, but I'm I I'm not living like I know that I should all of the time. But yet, I've come to a place in my life, Brother Brandham says, "It's better for you to believe what God says you are than what you think you are." And so I make the declaration, I'm righteous because he said I was. I'm holy because he said that I was. I've been redeemed back to being a son of God because he said that I was. I'm healed because he said that I was. I will be conformed to the image of his son. Why? Because he said that is my goal. That is the goal he has set before me in my life. I am to come into the very image and character of Jesus Christ. I cannot do that. It'll take me yielding to the God that is in me to be able to allow that God in me to express himself fully through me. Brother Branderman makes a statement or Jesus Christ makes a statement. Jesus Christ never healed anybody. You know that Jesus Christ never did any miracles. He says it's not me who does these. It's the father who dwells in me. Brother Brandham in his in his life he says you know I didn't perform miracles. I don't have dreams. I don't have visions. I don't have I am merely standing there when God does this. But he had learned the brother Bam says the gift I have is learning to get myself out of the way so that he can use me at brother in at brother Brandham another place he says there's three things God wanted to accomplish he says ones he wants total preeminence in a man he gained that in Jesus Christ he wants the same preeminence he had in Jesus Christ now in his bride that is where we have to come total preeminence means he has total absolute control he is the one leading he is the one guiding he is the one that'll will provide. He is the one who will protect. He will be he is the one who is who he is the one who will take us from where we are to where he says we are going to be. We cannot get there. It'll take him to get us there. But we have to rest in him. We have to come to the place where where where we are willing to to so yield ourselves to God until it's no longer I who live but it's Christ who lives in me. If the musicians would come, I want us to sing a song. It's called blessed assurance. To me, blessed assurance, a song is a declaration. You may not think so, uh, but as you listen to what I'm going to do. Yeah, it's a declaration because I am declaring something that I have a relationship with Jesus Christ. And it's that relationship with Jesus Christ that enables me to do the things we're doing. I ask God's permission to go back to India one more time. We will have been ministering in India for 20 years. To me, it's a milestone. To me, it's an anniversary. To me, it's something that I look at and says, "Wow, I want to see what he has allowed me to be a part of. It's not what I did. He allowed me to be a part of something greater than myself. And it's in that I and I asked his permission. Lord, just one more time. Just let me go back. So we could pull up the I don't remember all the words. Blessed. There we go. Blessed Jesus is mine. Oh, what a forasteast. our glory divine. I'm the heir of salvation. I'm the purchase of God. I've been born of his spirit and I'm washed in his blood. Stand with me. This is my story. Yes, this is my song. I'm praising my savior all day long because this is my story and this is my song. For I'm praising my savior [Music] all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. All visions of rapure now burst on my side. I see angels descending and they bring from above. echoes of mercy and whispers of love. So this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. For this is my story. [Music] This is my song for I'm praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect submission. I am at rest. I in my Savior am happy and blessed. I am watching and waiting. I am looking above for I'm filled with his goodness and I'm lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. For I'm praising my Savior all the day long. For this is my story. This is my song. I am praising my Savior [Music] all the day long. [Music] God bless you. [Music] yet not I but Christ in me. And I'm going to ask brother Josiah to do that. I think that will fit exactly what brother Bose is speaking. Yet not I but Christ in me. What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freedom, my steadfast love, my deep and boundless fear. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to his. Oh, how strange and divine I can sing. All is mine yet not I, but through Christ in me. The night is dark, but I am not forsaken. For by my side, the Savior, he will stay. I labor on in weakness and rejoicing, for in my need his power is displayed. To this I hold. My shepherd will defend me through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh the night has been one and I shall overcome yet not I. Christ in me. No fate I dread. No fate I dread. I know I am forgi. The future sure the price it has been paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon. And he was raised to overthrow the grave. Oh, to this I hold. My sin has been defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. All the chains are east. I can sing. I am free yet not I but through Christ in me. With every breath I long to follow Jesus. For he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Do you appreciate brother null? [Applause] I love it when a minister can come up here and tell stories throughout the Bible and then can encourage us to apply those stories to our own lives. My brother did that this evening. I really really appreciate what he said about Joseph, about David, about Habacook, and even even about himself. I really appreciate our brother just opening up and telling us some personal things too. Let's bow our heads. Our father, we thank you. Thank you for your goodness, Lord. We thank you for the your word, Lord, that all these things were written down so that not so much that we could, Lord, look back on them as history and and things that you did in the past and you did and they were great things, Lord, but but Lord, we we appreciate being able to apply them into our own lives and see as our brother said, the trials that Joseph went through, not knowing Lord, how these things would be fulfilled. And he went through a hard time, but then Father, you brought the dream to pass and they bowed down before him. Lord, we're grateful. We're grateful that you've given us this word of God. Thank you for Brother Null, Sister Shirley for bringing them to fellowship with us for this time. Now, Lord, I pray that you'd go with us the remainder of this week. Guide us, Lord. Protect us so we can come back, Lord, at the right time and worship you and Father, come together and congregate and with those that we love so much. We thank you for this opportunity in Jesus name. Amen. The Lord's willing, I'll give a report on Sunday morning about our trip. Very successful trip. I was very, very happy with how everything turned out. I'll give uh I'll give that report on Sunday morning and then if we have time then we'll continue on with the sermon on the mount. God bless you friends. May the Lord guide you and protect you, be with you and I hope to see you Sunday morning. God bless. You're dismissed. Amazing grace, how sweet that saved a wretch like me. [Music] I once was lost, but now [Music] I was my dad. I see it. [Music] The strength that taught my heart to him and grace my fears reveal. How precious that grace be I first believe. All through many dangerous songs and I have already come. His grace has brought me safe. Oh, and grace will lead me home. And we've been there 10,000. Christ shineing as the sun. gave no less days to sing God's praise than when we first began. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] God. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, it saved a rich like me. [Music] I once was lost, but now I'm [Music] was blind. But now [Music]
