################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - Special Sunday Morning Service  03 August 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-03
Title:    Special Sunday Morning Service | 03 August 2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   EL Tabernacle Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlRWY7l-RwE
========================================

Description:
Don`t forget to subscribe to the Storehouse for this and all other services.

https://storehouse.eltabernacle.co.za
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] God bless you. We greet you all in the beautiful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus King God. Wherever you are, could you give the Lord a hand in praise? Wherever you are, can you give Jesus King God a mighty shout, a mighty Shabbak? Can we just say thank you Jesus this morning for a wonderful service we had yesterday with our apostle. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's nobody, nobody, nobody like you, Jesus. You deserve the glory and the honor and the majesty and the power and the praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we come together this morning to praise him. A may say so [Music] may [Music] say so. It may [Music] say [Music] [Music] wonder [Music] if we might me tell me [Music] if we are somebody [Music] [Applause] [Music] in me [Music] ain't your the town. and said if we are if we are one more time off the [Music] me [Music] we are we are [Music] we are we [Music] Take me off the hang of the me. Take me off the town. If we said if we one more time that may [Music] Oh, [Music] somebody come and hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worthy is your name, Lord. Worthy is your name. You are high and lifted up. Oh, we just want to say thank you, Lord, for your mercy. Thank you for your grace, Lord. You are the sweetest rose of Sharon. Lord, you are the lily of the valley. Worthy is your name, oh God. Oh Jesus, worthy is your name. You deserve the praises this morning. You alone deserve the glory this morning. You alone deserve wherever we are, Lord, in our houses. We want to tell you, you are worthy this morning. Yes, Lord Jesus. You are worthy this morning, Lord. And we came to bless your name this morning. We came to join hands to bless your name this morning, Lord. We want to say, Lord Jesus, you are the righteous one. You're the faithful one. You're the merciful one, Lord. You're the kind gentleman, Jesus. And that's all we came to say, Lord. Oh, you are worthy. You are worthy. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Worthy. You deserve the praise. Oh, worthy, worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Sing is your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. You deserve you deserve praise. Worthy. Hallelujah. Worthy is your name. Worthy is worthy is your hallelujah. Oh, you deserve the praise. You deserve it this morning, Lord. We welcome you. every welcome to bring us to this morning. Oh Jesus, it's a privilege to have with us this morning our precious brother Cece. Worthy is your name. Worthy is worth your name. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a good thing to know that we have found the place and we have found the man. It's a good thing to know that we have the oil and the oil has come down on the ministry of El Tabernacle. I'd like to greet the saints of the living God. I trust you all well. As we are about to enter into our prayer session, can we just go into the word like to turn to Matthew chapter 21:3 and he said unto them, it is written, my house shall be called a house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves. The house of the Lord is called the house of prayer. And we have someone who has taught us how to pray. So without any further ado, we're going to thank him. We're going to worship him. We're going to praise him. We're going to thank him for the day that he has made. We're going to thank him for our families. We're going to thank him for our jobs or opportunities for making a living. We're going to thank him for this church. We're going to thank him for the leadership. We're going to thank him for the man that came around. Hallelujah. Amen. Heavenly Father, lovely one, Lord, my God and my King. Father, we approach your throne of grace and mercy. Oh father, in each and every household, my God, Lord, each and every household that knows this ministry has therefore applied the token and a death angel shall pass. Lord, we want to thank you for this day because we were we can wake up, oh Father, and we can glorify your name, oh Father, because the oil came down and it's been dripping since 1979. Oh Lord God, we thank you, oh Father, for the oil and the wine. We thank you, oh Father, for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We thank you, oh Lord God, for the man that came around. Father, we thank you, oh Lord, for this Sunday morning, oh Father, where we can honor you, oh Lord God. This Sunday morning, oh Lord, where we can praise you, oh Father, this Sunday morning, oh Lord God, where we have breath in our lives, oh Father, because you, oh Lord God, are the eternal one. You are the one who gives life, oh Father. We thank you, oh Lord God, for thou art the living bread. We thank you, oh Lord God, for thou art the living waters. And oh father, we cannot thirst anymore. And oh Lord God, we cannot be silent anymore. For this day, oh Lord God, you have blessed us. Oh father, you have blessed our families. Oh Lord God, you have blessed our families. Oh father, you are the hope of our families. Oh God, the hope of our children. Oh father, the hope of a husband, the hope of a wife, the hope of a grandfather, the hope of a grandmother, the hope of a brother, the hope of a sister. All the hope of glory is dwelling within our hearts. Oh father my God. Father it is good to know that even though oh Lord maybe our immediate family oh Lord is not serving God with us but we have a family oh Lord God in l tabernacle oh father. Oh Lord God born by the spirit oh father anointed to prosper and strong. Oh Lord I thank you for my brethren. Oh Lord God, I thank you oh father that you have given us oh Lord God a place where we can come and worship unto thee. Oh Lord God, for all the worship is due unto thee, oh Lord God, and no one else, oh father, and no one else, oh Lord. We thank you, oh father, for our families, oh Lord Jesus Christ, that has come along the way, oh Lord God, that has come along the way in helping us, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Lord God, those oh father find themselves born in this ministry oh father because oh Lord God their parents oh father have come forth long before oh Lord God and they set the path straight for their children oh father I pray oh Lord God that much blessing and honor unto them oh Lord God may it be upon them oh father for Lord God they have made a way for their children to be saved my father. Oh Lord, we thank you for the elderly. Oh Lord God, uh who have paved the way even for our parents, oh Lord God, in the days of their youth, oh father, for the Holy Ghost is for our children and our children's children. And as many as the Lord our God shall call. Lord, we thank you, oh Father, for the opportunity, oh Father, to have, oh Lord God, a life in Christ, oh Father, a opportunity, oh Lord God, to serve you with all of our substance, oh God, an opportunity, oh Father, oh Lord God, that you have given us, oh Lord, in the form of having a job, in the form of making a living, oh Father, and we find ourselves, oh Lord God, being able to pay our tithes and our offerings. We find ourselves, oh Lord God, uh being able, oh Lord God, to be your service to this ministry in every way, shape, and form. Oh Lord God, uh for Father, we want to serve you, oh Lord. Uh we want to be living sacrifices for you, oh Father. We want to work for you, oh Lord God. Uh we want to be partakers of the kingdom of heaven, oh Lord God. Uh and you have made it manifest, oh Lord God. Uh I pray, oh Lord God, uh that you continue to have your way, oh Lord. uh you continue to have your way with your people, oh Lord. Uh this is your ministry, oh Lord God. Uh this is the ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh and oh Lord God, it's shining. Uh it's shining, oh father. Brightest, oh father. The brightest of them, oh my God. Uh there is darkness all over the earth. Oh father. There is darkness in the churches. Oh Lord. Uh the white horse rider is galloping. Oh father. Oh Lord God, my God. But here, oh father, is the church. Here is the ministry where they hearkened unto the voice of the hour when it said, "Hurt not the oil and the wine." Uh father, we did not hurt the oil and the wine. Uh in fact, we are the church, oh Lord, uh that has taken the lamp with an extra vessel of oil. Oh God, uh we are the church that took the lamp with the extra vessel. Oh father, we are wise. Oh father, though, oh lord, the other churches, oh father, may see us as foolish people, oh God, uh oh lord, but though, oh father, I may be a fool in their eyes, uh I am wise in Christ, uh because I have found a placeh and I have found the man where the spirit of truth dwells. Uh what manner of man is this uh in whom the spirit of the Lord dwells? Lord my God, my God, you have made a way for my brother, you have made a way for my sister to come into the house of prayer, to come into the house of worship, to come into the house of praise. Oh father, we can't help but worship. Oh Lord, we can't help but praise you. Jehovah, we can't help but shout. Jehovah Rosco, we can't help it, oh God. Just as Moses couldn't help but name a certain place after you. Uh just as Jacob couldn't help but name a certain place after you. Uh just oh Lord like Abraham. Oh father couldn't help but say Jehovah Gyra. We say Jehovah Rosco because we have seen the man. We have handled him. Oh Lord. Oh God. We are wrestling with the angel. Oh father. My God. until the break of day. Uh keep me burning. Oh father give me oil in my lamp. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning till the break of day. That light oh father is the very life of God. And in order for that life, oh father, to shine in my lamp. I need oil, oh God. And I found a place, oh Lord, where the oil is dripping. And it's coming from the head downh. And it's coming from the head down. Oh Lord my God. Uh after this after the Holy Ghost is come we will receive power. And we have gotten power. Oh God power in prayer. Power in speech in power in living a holy life. My God. Uh where would we be uh without this ministry uh where would we be uh without the people oh God that you have set our way my father. Lord oh God in each and every household Lord we give you the Lord in each and every household we give you the yada Lord oh father my God we give you the oh father it's all about you it's all about you oh Lord it's all about you Jehovah it's all about you my god we thank you for the oil and the wine we thank you for the royal priesthood oh father you have sent my pray in the coast of Africa, in the areas, oh father, of the south, oh Lord, instead of the size of the north, oh God, we see, oh Lord God, there's earthquakes all over, oh father, there is natural disasters all over, oh God, the biggest earthquake, oh Lord, ever recorded in history taking place, oh God, uh, in a week, oh father, in just a couple of days ago. Oh Lord God. Uh oh father, my God, my God. Uh what can we say? Oh Lord. Uh for we have a man uh who gave us the six months for knowledge. Oh Lord. Uh we seen a man who said in 6 monthsh something is fixing to happen. My God. And oh Lord God we are past those months. Oh Lord we are past those months. Oh father. And as the days go by, oh Lord, oh father, we find ourselves walking in the king's highway. Uh we find ourselves walking in the light of God. Uh because we have a leadership, oh father, a leadership, oh Lord God, uh that holds us accountable, oh Lord, uh a leadership, oh Father, in whom, oh Lord, we have a shepherd and we know his voice, oh Lord, uh a stranger we shall not follow. Uh a stranger we shall not follow. Thank you for the leadership of Yahweh. Oh Lord God. Oh God, they are sheep. They are wolf in sheep's clothing. Oh father standing at the pulpit this morning. Oh God they are quoting your word. Oh God they are quoting the spoken word. Oh God they are saying this. Oh God they are saying that. But we can say, "Oh, father." We have a man and he's come around and he's called my name. Amen. We glory. Glorios unto the King of Kingsh. Glorios unto the Lord of Lords. For you have given us a leadership, oh Father, that has the oil dripping from the head down. My God. Oh father, flying with both wings, oh Lord. Uh it's not just the mechanics, oh God. Uh we are flying with the mechanics and the dynamics of this ministry, oh God. Uh we have the oil, oh father, we are not like Esau, oh God. But we are like Jacob, oh Father, because we have a man. We have a man that came around, oh father, that you have sent our way. That you have sent our way, my God. Oh my lovely one, all we can do is worship. All we can do is praise. Oh God, for you, oh Lord God, are the one, oh Lord, who's the way maker, oh father, you are the one, oh God, who's the miracle worker, you are the promiseke keeper, oh father, Lord, my God, my God, you are indeed the hope of glory, the mystery man of the Bible, made plain unto the bride. Oh Lord, my God, we thank you my king. We thank you my God. We thank you Jehovah. We honor your name. Oh Lord, we honor your name, my God. Oh, who is the hope of glory? Who is the king of kings? It is the Lord God Almighty. Uh the one who is strong and mighty in battle. Uh my lord, my God. Oh father, we thank you once more for this day. Lord, we can wake up and say we have the oil. We can, oh father, rejoice, oh God, for our cups are running over. We are drunk with the wine. This day, my God, this day, Jehovah, this day, my God. Lord I pray therefore for each and every brother and sister my God. Oh Lord God I pray for each and every family. Oh father let us oh God not get any comfortable not get too comfortable. Lord God but let us always find ourselves desperate. Oh father let us find ourselves on our knees. Oh father calling upon the name of Yahweh. Let us find ourselves, oh Lord God, drunk in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh father, when we come into this house of prayer, may we get as much oil, oh father, into our lamps, oh Lord, as much as we can, oh father, Lord, my God, my God, in our houses, oh God, may the desire, oh father, to watch the storehouse be there in and no desire, oh Lord God, oh father, to prioritize other things about you, my God. May we find ourselves hungering and thirsting for your word and being fed because the room is full of wheat and there is wine and oil all over. You have given us the opportunity oh Lord to top up on the oil to top up on the oil every month. My God may each and every family member from the head of the house of father to the children thereof. Oh God, may we, oh Lord, find ourselves sincere with thee. May we, oh Lord, find ourselves, oh God, at the altar, oh father, may we, oh God, find ourselves on a Wednesday, uh, oh, shouting and jumping and praising the Lord. May we find ourselves as close to God as much as we want to. Oh God, my God. Oh Lord, my God, there are the young ones, oh Lord, and there are those who are old, oh father, who do not have jobs, oh God, I pray, oh father, that you come their way, oh God, for the joy of the Lord is our strength, oh God. Oh God, how can I have joy? Even the joy of the Lord if I don't worship how can I have joy if I don't worship if I don't get under the Holy Ghost how can I be filled with oil how can I be filled with wine how can I go about being drunk in the spirit having joy and eternal emotion therefore my God may you bless the young ones and the old oh God who want to make a living. Oh Lord, may you bless their businesses, oh God. May you bless their jobs, oh Father. Are you bless them with a job, oh God, uh that they may be able, oh father, to be without an excuse, oh God, uh to come unto the house of the Lord, uh and to glorify your name, uh in all of their substance, uh in all of their virtue, uh with all of their heart, my God, uh I ask of thee, oh Father, because they are, oh Father, the pride of the Lord. They are oh father the sons and daughters of Jehovah. Oh bread of heaven. Oh bread of heaven. We have been feeding this ministry. Lord we are fen by the word but we are exercised by the spirit. Oh God because we are drunk. We can't just sit and be fen by the word but we are energized and we are stimulated by the spirit. Oh God, we can help but lift up our hands in our homes. We can help but shout unto the Lord. We can help but praise Yahweh Adonai. Yahu Adonai. Oh hope of glory. Oh prince of peace. Oh prince of the house of David. Oh king of kings. Oh Adai. Oh my God. My God. Uh let the worship come down. Let the worship come down. Uh may your people uh give you the honor and the glory. Oh Lord, my God. May we find ourselves sitting in heavenly places. My God. And may we find ourselves rejoicing and saying, "I have seen God face to face for the Lord. The Lord has opened the eyes of my heart. And now I see him. And now I see him. And now I see him. And now I see him. Oh my God. My God. Oh the one. My God. My Lord and my God. The Holy One of Israel. a worthy one who was worthy to break the seals and loose them and to make known oh father the seven seals to make known oh father the seven seal Matthew 25 the condition of the coming of the Lord is oil it's oil it's oil it's oil oh God therefore oh God I pray oh father for each and every brother and sister. Lord let us not be deceived. Oh God let us not oh father look for on any other leadership oh God but let us find ourselves where we are and let us bloom where we are planted my God. Father there is filth all over. There is darkness all over my God. But you have given us oh father the leadership oh lord where we oh father can oh lord cleanse our hearts and walk in the right path. The right path of god where we can find ourselves in the right hand of Jehovah. Thy right hand oh God is become glorious in power. Thy right hand oh God had dashed the enemy into pieces. is my God. Oh Lord, oh God, we are partakers of the land. We are not like them who wanted to, oh father, just dwell outside of the land because it's ideal for them and their livestock. We don't want to be like their fathers who give a bad report about the Holy Ghost. We don't want to be like them. Oh Lord, but we want to be like Joshua. We want to be like Caleb. Oh Lord God, we want the land. We want the land. And you have given us the land. Oh father that flows with milk and honey. My God that has the vineyards. Oh father where the wine, oh father is that has the mount of olives. Where the oil is. Oh God, my God, my God. Uh, oh father, my God. Where can we find a ministry like this? Uh, there is nowhere else. Oh father all the places oh God be it in the oh father the United States be it oh Lord God in Europe be it in any part of the north my god oh lord you won't find this placeh you won't find this people you won't find this leadership oh father you will only find it in our tabernacle may it be written in our hearts. And may we never forget it, my God, that we may always find ourselves here. That we may always come here, my God, Lord. My God, we need you more than we need the sunshine. Lord, we need you more than we need the rain. Lord, we need you more than we need the morning, my God. For Lord God, you are the everlasting father. Lord, people come and go, friends come and go, but you are the everlasting father. And oh Lord God, in John chapter 14, behold, you sent the comforter our way. Behold, you sent the spirit of truth our way. Behold, you sent, oh God, the five-fold minister to the five-fold ministry, and you have given him an added gift of wisdom. Oh father, that all things may be made plain unto El tabernacle. Oh Lord, we know about the keystone revelation. We know about evolution, my God. We know, oh Lord, about the oil and the wine. We know about the exposition of the seven church ages. Uh we know about the cloud, my God. We know about the cherubams, oh Lord, that Paul could not speak of particularly. Oh my God, my God. Uh we know, oh father, uh be cause, oh lord, uh you sent a man our way. Uh a man who knows more than we do. Uh a man, oh God, oh God, uh who can never be deceived. Uh oh man. Oh Lord God. Uh oh father who prays. Uh 2:00 a.m. in the morning for my soul. Uh for my soul for my mother's soul. For my brother's soul. Uh for my sister's soul. Oh God. Oh God. Uh the royal priesthood. Adonai. Adonai. You have sent oh father into the area of South Africa. My God. Behold how good it is. Oh Lord, for brothers to dwell together in unity, oh father, and we dwell together, oh God, because there's oil in the camp, my God, the shout of the king is in the camp, Jehovah, the shout of the king is in the camp, my God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, oh God. We thank you, oh God. We glorify your name. We glorify your name. We give you all, oh father, the honor and the glory, oh Lord. I pray that you preserve, oh Lord our God, the life, oh father of the leadership, oh Lord. Oh father, from the head, oh God, unto the lineage, oh father, unto the children's children, oh Lord. Father, we need the roster family. Oh Lord, I pray, oh God, that you preserve their life all the more for us. Oh God, oh Lord God, as you have given Israel, the Levites, surely you give El Tabernacle, the Rosco, my God, and we thank you, oh God, for the Rosco family, oh Lord. Father, they have given us, oh Father, the opportunity to share, oh Father, my God, the apostle with them, oh Lord. Oh God, had it been for them, oh Lord, they could have just lo for themselves. But oh Lord, they don't have an eel spirit. My God, they have a giving spirit. Oh father, and they have given unto me, oh Lord, they have given unto me, the man of the hour. For cometh the man, come at the hour. And in this hour, oh Lord, on a Saturday night, just like last night, oh father, if I was not here, had not a man come around, had not I heard a voice, I was probably going to be in the filth of the world. I was probably going to be in the red districts. Uh I was probably going to be uh in the drinking sessions. Uh I was probably going to be uh oh Lord, where the world music is, my God. But on a Saturday night, on a Saturday night, here comes a manu. A man, and he knows my name, and he knows my name. And he knows my name. And I will be caught up just like brother Brennham was caught up this word. I was caught up into El Tabernacle on a Saturday night. Uh and the blessings of the Lord uh came down not just the birthight but the blessings of the birthright uh because we wrestle with the angel. We wrestle with the angel. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God we wrestle with the angel. Uh and blessings are come upon us. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, we thank you for the man that has taught us how to pray. Oh Lord, oh God, this Bible could just been a story. This Bible could just been a story, my Lord. But now, oh father, the bride, she sees the love letter. She sees the love letter of the bridegroom. She sees the mysteries of God while the world does not see you. Lord, we see you face to face. While Moses could only see the back parts of your mind, the back parts of your body, my God, we see the bosom of God. For you said that you will be with us and in us forever, my God. Not just now but forever my father. So Lord God if they say that we are cults. If they say that we are brainwashed then we oh father are the members of the Lord Jesus Christ. Then we if we are brainwashed we are washed by the blood of the lamb. I'm better off being brainwashed by the blood of the lamb than being brainwashed by the filth of the world. Oh God. Oh God, what good it is? What good is it? Oh father, if I go to hell with a Bible, oh father, what good is it, oh God, if I go to hell still knowing all the commandments? What good is it, oh God, if I open my eyes in hell and all the days of my life? I was quoting brother Brennham. What good is it, oh God, if I don't have the oil? What good is it, oh father, if I don't have the oil? Oh God, my God, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning till the break of day. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh my God. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh Lord my God. You provide the fire. I'll provide the sacrifice. I will open s inside. My God. I will open up inside. You provide the spirit. Oh God. Thy word is a lamp to my feet. Oh Lord, I need oil. My God, I don't want to open my eyes in hell like the rich young ruler because Oh God, he kept all your commandments, my God. He kept your statutes, my God, you love him, oh God, but he didn't have blood. He didn't have the life in the blood. It didn't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh God. Oh God. My God. This hidden life in me that's stepping out. This perfect man in the image of the Lord God Almighty. This child of God that is within me is stepping out. And one of these days, one of these days, we will be sweeping the sky. But as long as I'm on the earth, my God, may I b myself. Oh God, worshiping you all the days of my life because it's the only thing I can do. Oh foolish virgins. Oh God, they seek to please you with their eyes and their lips, but they never rendered out their heart. My God. Oh God. Oh God, how fortunate is El Tabernacle? How fortunate am I to be a written apistl? Because I opened the eyes of my heart. I opened my heart unto you and the spirit of the Lord came in. I opened my heart unto you and the spirit of the Lord came in. Now when they ask oh God and they say which king is ruling your life I will say oh my god the hope of glory king Jesus God the god king himself the king of kingsuh he is the ruler of my life because I opened the eyes of my heart and I see him in the compartment of my heart there is oil there is oil in my handh There is oil in my lamb. There is oil in my lamb. Because oh God, thou tabernacle is wise. Thou tabernacle is wise. Oh God, my God, we didn't just take the lamp. We took the extra vessel. Lord, while the world Oh God, they rejected the extra vessel. Oh Lord, while they rejected the extra vessel, while they were satisfied with the light the lamb had, we weren't satisfied. The wise was not satisfied. We couldn't help but take the extra vessel. And the extra vessel, he stands every combined right behind us. And he gives out the oil. And he gives out the oil. Oh my Lord, my God, how can I say? Oh, how I can say like David said, oh thou, oh God, anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Oh goodness and mercy, goodness and mercy, goodness and mercy. They follow me all the days of my life because oh God we are not the ones who are sitting in the seat of the scope. Lord my God we are the ones uh oh God. Uh who excites you who entertains the angel. Oh God my God. They didn't want to entertain the angel. They rejected the colored porter because of the color of his skin. But the wise virgin, they took the extra vessel. Because the extra vessel is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they rejected that container even though they wanted the content there in. But you can't separate the gift from the man. You can't separate the gift from the man. And so we thank you for the man cuz we know, oh God, when the man comes around, something is left behind. Something is left behind. My Lord, eternal life is left behind. The Lord's release is left behind. Oh my God, the workings of the Holy Ghost is left behind because you sent an angel before us. You open the year of 2025 with sending the angel before us to keep us in the way. Because oh Lord, nothing happens unless the angel comes down. And oh God, it is recorded in your Bible. Oh Lord, that the angel of the Lord always comes down. That the angel of the Lord is always in pious skins when he comes down. Oh, how Gideon says he has seen the face of God. Oh my Lord, how Manoah and his wife say, "Oh, we have seen God face to face. You are the same angel that sits under an oak tree. You are the same angel that stood next to Brother Prenam, God, and heal the people. You are the same angel that we see, oh God, every month. Oh God, every month, oh God, how can we be silent? How can we be silent? How can we sit in the seat of the scornful when we are in the midst of angels? How can we sit in the presence where the oil is dropping down? Oh Lord, oh Lord, may more of the oil fall upon us till we are so slippery, oh Lord, uh that the devil's hands, oh God, they can't even get us, oh father, so slippery with oil, oh God, that he complains and says you lay a hedge around them, oh God. Oh God, keep us, oh God, in the righteous way. Keep us, oh God, in the way of holiness. How can we be holy without the Holy Ghost? My God. You only want to see you, my God. You only want to see you, my father. That's why we plunge beneath the blood, my God. That's why we cover ourselves with the blood, my God. Because red through red makes white, my God. And now, oh father, because the token is applied, the atken, the the atonement is made. The rain, oh God, the letter rain is fallen on us now. Oh God, we have fellowship. Lord, the blood of bulls and goats, they had their time, oh God, it was not enough, oh father, it would just temporarily cover it. Oh Lord, but the blood of the lamb washes me entirely. Behold the saints of God. Though their sins be scarlet, though their sins be crimson, Lord, you washed us whiter than snow. Because you have given us the Lord's release. You have given us, oh father, the workings of the Holy Ghost. Because what is the Holy Ghost given for? Oh Lord God, what is the Holy Ghost given for? That's why we thank you, oh Father. We thank you, oh Lord, for the adoption. Oh Father, we thank you, oh Lord, for the Holy Ghost, my God. We will say it over and we will say it over and we will say it over and over again, my God, because this does not cease. This cannot die. This cannot die. Father, we see how the other movements, oh Lord, uh, how they died off, my God, because the letter killth, my God, but oh father, oh Lord, my God, may those, oh father, who will look, may they behold just like a milliel, will be held and said, uh, if this is of a manuh, it will cease, but if this is of God, it shall not cease. And we have received of the Lord. Uh because we don't just have a man of God. We have a God man. Uh we have a man that is sent our way. We have oh God a mighty angel that's come down. We have oh father the workings of the Holy Ghost. Oh father where we have enough oil to live the life. We have enough oil to love my God. We have enough oil, oh father, to speak life and peace, oh Lord, my God, the blessings of the birthright uh is upon our tabernacle, my God, uh may you equip us well, oh father, with the understanding, oh father, of cherishing the Holy Ghost uh that we, oh Father, may not underestimate, oh Father, what we have, my God, uh there's nothing better in this world, uh than what we have, my God. There's nothing better in this world than the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Uh because when we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, uh Lord, anything we ask in your name, anything we ask in your name. And so, oh Lord, like the songwriters say we will speak Jesus. Uh oh God, because uh we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Uh we have the author of the Bible. Uh we have the oil himself. Uh we have the anointing. Uh we have the Christ. We have Jehovah Rosco. We have Jehovah Gyra. We have Jehovah Ni. We speak Jesus. We speak Jesus. Uh I speak Jesus for my family. I speak Jesus for my brothers. Uh I speak Jesus for my sisters. Uh I speak Jesus. Uh I speak Jesus. Uh I speak salvation. Uh I speak deliverance. Uh I speak healing. Uh I speak power. Power from on high. The power of God is in pure skins. The power of God is in pure skins. So much so when the praises go up, the glory comes down. We bend the heavens like a bow. We bend the heavens like a bow. And the years of Jehovah, they come down. The years of Jehovah, they come down. The angels of the Lord encamp round about the premises and camp around those that fear him. the angel of the Lord and the host thereof, all the multitudes and multitude they come down because you have given us uh the authority to speak Jesus. To speak Jesus I speak Jesus uh for the blind. I speak Jesus uh on the lame. I speak Jesus uh for the weary. I speak Jesus uh I speak Jesus uh I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus uh I speak Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord my God. We speak life into that which is dead. We speak life uh into that which is dead. We speak life uh to a sad marriage. Uh we speak life uh to a parent home. Uh we speak life uh to the left of the lame. We speak life uh to the eyes of the blind. Uh we speak life uh to the heart of the ignorant. We speak life. We speak life. We speak life. We speak life. We speak life. I speak healing. I speak healing. Oh Lord. The healing in the mind. My God. The healing in the flesh. My God. The one who needs healing. May they lift up their hands believing with all of their heart. Believe it with all of their heart. that. Oh my my They speak Jesus. They speak Jesus. They speak Jesus. May we speak Jesus in the trials of our lives. May we speak Jesus. Oh my God. Your name is healing. Your name is power. Oh God, you are holy. My lovely one. Oh lovely one. Lord, had it not been for your grace, I could not stand. The disciples asked, "Who then can be saved? Who then can be saved?" Oh God, because the rich young ruler, he valued all the other things instead of the sacrifice himself. But here comes a man saying, "You can have the whole lamp, but if you don't have oil, he will open your eyes in hell." Oh God, I'm thankful. I'm thankful Jehovah. I'm thankful Elohim. I'm thankful Adonai. I'm thankful Hashem because I am one of them who can say I am wise. I am wise because I have the oil. Oh God, my God, as we are about to close, oh father, this wonderful prayer service, oh Lord, I pray that your spirit continues to move even after this all over the face of South Africa. Wherever the streams are, may they speak Jesus. May they speak Jesus, may they not miss their blessing. Oh God, may they not miss their blessing. Oh father, may they catch it through the streams. May they catch it through the streams. Uh may it not be like that sister in brother Brennham's time where she missed the angel because she decided to not entertain the angel. But may we in entertaining the angel receive that which we need. We always need something from you. We always need something from you. Oh lovely one Lord. Oh precious savior, we glory in your name. We glory in who you are. We glory in the name Yahweh. We glory in the name Jehovah Rashco. We glory in who you are. We don't want to see ourselves anymore. Gone is seek. Gone is seek. Gone. Oh father is oh father this person who's of the world but born again is the son of god born again is the son of god anointed to prosper and strong born again is the daughter of god and you have given us power may we go out with power you have given us power the anointing is upon us oh father From the head down. From the head down. Lord my God, the foolish virgin does not know the cost of my alabaster box. My God, the foolish virgin does not know. But my brother and my sister, they know the cost. They know the cost. My God. Therefore, with all of our strength, with all of our heart, with all of our mind, with all of our substance, my God, may we serve you. May we be the living sacrifices. May we be, oh my, oh my, the Christ in the me many membered body. May we be the sons and daughters of God uh walking all over the face of the earth doing the exploits whatsoever we will oh Lord according to thy desire and according to thy will oh father you direct the path oh father for many a man a plans a man has in his heart but you my god you direct the path and you have directed the path of thy tabernacle you have directed the path of our hearts. You have directed it, oh father, into the king's highway. You have directed it, oh father, into the morning. My lord, we are walking in the light. Oh father, behold, we have our yer. Behold, we have the lord shining his face upon us. Lord, Lord, we are not foolish to be buying oil, oh God, at the time when we should be having it. Lord, we are not like the foolish virgin who's going about looking for a false anointing who is going about looking for the riches of the world, but we are like the wise for we find everything in the bridegroom. We seek the kingdom first and we know the rest shall follow. Lord my God, let the one oh father who feels defeated this morning, let the one who's going through the hardest of trials, let the one who has a problem that he's not talking about, let the one who's got an issue that he won't speak out, may those ones uh may they be the ones uh who speak power right now. Uh may they be the ones uh who call upon the name of Jehovah right now. May they be the ones uh to be wrestling with the angel right now. May they be the onesh who are going to get up the eighth time after falling seven times. May they be the sons and daughters who gets up the eighth time and say uh son and moon stand still until I win. May they speak like Stephan. May they have the power like Joshua when he had a victory over the kingdoms that were against the house of God that were against Isaiah. Oh my my. May my fellow brother this day arise the eighth time. May my fellow sisterh this time arise delivered. May my fellow brother need for the Holy Ghost be quenched once more. May the onesh wrestling with the angel receive a new name. May the ones wrestling with the angel receive a new name. Receive a new name. Receive a new name. Receive a new name. Receive a new nature. Receive a new name. Receive a new nature. Oh, to keep the Messiah straight. Hallelujah. Blessed Savior Jesus King God. I love you my God. I appreciate you father. You have given me. So Lord, you have given us power in speech. You have given us power in prayer. You have given us power in living our holy life. My God. Thank you. Thank you my God. I love you my lord. I appreciate you Jehovah. In closing, oh Lord, be with each and everybody. Oh father, may we have a blessed day. Oh God, in the name of Jehovah Rosco, in the name of the Lord my God, in the name of Adonai, in the name of Yashem, in the name of the King of Kings. Oh, in the name of Jesus Christ, my God. Thank you, oh Lord. Thank you. [Music] Jesus, we thank our precious brother Ce for the powerful prayer. May God bless you until we meet again. [Music] [Music]
