################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - Special Address By Apostle Edgar Hill Roscoe  Friday, 16 May 2025 - Edgar Hill Roscoe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-16
Title:    Special Address By Apostle Edgar Hill Roscoe | Friday, 16 May 2025
Speaker:  Edgar Hill Roscoe
Church:   EL Tabernacle Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7oHe7kyqUA
========================================

Description:
Special Address by Apostle Edgar Hill Roscoe
Friday, 16 May 2025 | 6:00 PM

Join us for a powerful and timely address as Apostle Edgar Hill Roscoe delivers insight into the significant events that have unfolded over the past 5–6 months. This special message will include a deep exposition of how these events align with biblical prophecy—fulfilling what the Apostle previously declared: "In The Next 6 Months, Something  Is going To Crack..."
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] But you can't lie to me with all those spoken words. You don't [Music] live. I'm not trying to follow you to the end of the world. I'm just trying to leave something behind in the footprints of Jesus in God. Words have come from men. No Bible. Oh, but I can't help thinking that I heard the wrong crowd. When the Holy Ghost is gone, my job will be true. And I'm trying to leave something behind in the foot of Jesus. All the money is free but the holy go and the s is all to me. Oh, the future ahead is broken in something behind the Jesus. This whole world is a war. We follow the world, but we don't know why. We're running the case, but we got something in the footprints of Jesus. I believe we are at the wrong time and I cannot I don't There is a peaceful escape in my bra. You can put me there when the machine is taking the soul away. for the ceiling for me. It's so hard to f Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh somewhere those who It's time to leave something behind in the footprints of Jesus. Hold on my knees more [Music] than you. When my soul stands at his face [Music] statue, you will know what I was trying to leave something behind. I was trying to leave something behind. I was trying to something [Music] [Music] behind. I am uh glad that I could uh speak to especially my church eel tabernacle which God called me to be overseer look after his flock and uh I want to say like Paul saying I didn't um shun to declare all the councils of God and not only declare it but also manifest it, bring it to pass by the help and the grace of Almighty God. I would like just to pray and I didn't think it's going to be so quick that I have to put the clips out again because I'm trying to get away from it. But u major events requires major ministries to actually make sense. Like brother Brennham says in birth pains men will come behind me and make sense. And I'm glad that I could say in this late hour that I'm one of that men that has made sense to Malachi 4's prophecies and word as he has prayed over me, laid hands on me. I said, "This boy will preach exactly what I preach, which I did." And he declares and put a stamp on Revelations 10:8. So, I just like to say a prayer. Father, we come to you in the name of Jesus Christ. We know all is just the grace of God. And all is inspired by an angel that we can do nothing unless it's given from above, Lord. And Lord, we so glad that we could only line up behind your prophet that you send in an hour and make sense to the word that he brought seeing that he didn't have all the time that we had. And Father, I pray that you'd again just make sense to what you showed me and this whole thing in your hand because I cannot handle it. You actually is the one that wrote it inspired through a prophet and you said men will come behind it and make sense to it. And you said Revelations 10:8 will prophesy again. And Lord, what we're going to say is already said, but because you said it needs to be said again, we fulfill the scriptures in Jesus' name. Amen. Um, I would like to just take a scripture reading. Revelation 17 verse 5. And upon her head, forehead, was a name written, mystery Babylon the great, the mother of harlots, an abomination of the earth. It's a mystery that we're going to speak upon this evening. And I would like to take verse seven. And the angel said unto me, wherefore did thou marvel, John? Why did you marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman and of the beast that carth her, which had the seven heads and 10 horns. It's a mystery. And John marveled. He wondered. He actually couldn't grasp it. when he looked at this woman and um we would like to speak on this because everybody is silent and I cannot be silent because I can't help for who I am. If there was a newspaper, I would call it the newspaper of the new Jerusalem. The headlines of this newspaper of the new Jerusalem will actually be focused on the very hour and the time we living now. The headlines will be what I am going to talk on now nothing else because God's word comes in its season and its time and now we have come into the time zone of these scriptures to be fulfilled and we do not want our church to miss it. They must catch on not modern events made clear by prophecy but prophecy now is been cleared by modern events. So we are going into some beautiful things, scary things, marveling things that is playing right in front of us now because it's in the newspaper of the New Jerusalem Post, which is the Bible, the book of Revelations that is playing out in front front of us. So the first thing I would like to do is to play the clip that I spoke on these things that's going to happen way back in December uh 2024 where I made a statement but I feel That's right. That in the next six months, something is going to happen. For the next 6 months, hold on. Something is going to crack, but we will be walking in the light. God bless you. Now there is a mouthwatering prophecy in December 5 months ago and I must be honest I was looking at Revelations 13 as such at that specific time where the spirit showed me revelation 13 and that's why I say something is going to break and little I know something more is going to break. Now if this thing has broken the way it did I conclude this thing positively I don't know what made me say so I don't know what came over me but that's how prophecy works you know brother Raymond Thompson and them will tell you how many times did I prophesy he was there when I prophesied of sister Ba um Daniel's brother Alfie's wife that nobody thought when I prophesied it it could ever happen what she did and the Holy Ghost told me the whole thing and uh when we got to our house luckily Alfie wasn't there me and Raymond was there and I told her what the Holy Ghost told me and she went in made tea and came back and she said I just told my sister do this afternoon that um she told her that listen I not going to believe this man anymore if he doesn't know what I'm doing. He said and yet tonight you and brother Raymond came and told me what I'm doing. Raymond can tell you the story. Then he was also there when I said on a Wednesday night, let's go to a certain flat. We'll catch one of the elders there with the woman. He was there with that prophecy as well. Then he was there when I said let's go down to Clay Thorp and uh brother Fortain being the trustee and a treasurer down there that uh he is busy taking uh the tithe money and he went with me down there and it was just like that he knows of all those prophecies. I don't speak about even you know Baron whoms I'm I'm I'm telling you something that you don't know and even Solenica knows some of this prophecies that came to pass and uh that's why it makes El tabernacle an outstanding church amidst all the churches in the message because a stamp is put on here not only with the Holy Ghost and not only by preaching Not only by a gift, but prophecy has been fulfilled many a times. And here goes the prophecy out again. How many people was wondering what's going to happen? How could this guy get up right in December and say, "Well, in the next six months, something is going to break." And without sherking, without quavering, without being scared, say it twice. Now, it has come to pass. We're going to go into it and uh if that has come to pass then what about the rest what I said then al tabernacle you'll know that you are walking in the light. So brethren I cannot help for the fruit that's on the tree. Yeah, I think everybody has now seen what I said my prophecy for the next 6 months and um there's people that's going around and say that I said in another 6 months Jesus is coming and especially brother Oils's family and I'm now sick and tired of brother uh Peter Majadi Buddhy um hitting us from behind all the time. I'm going to have a special meeting and I'm going to tell you what his name mean and I'm going to tell you who he is. I don't have time now to go into it but I want you El Tabernacle when you see him call him Maju. That's what you call him. And I'll tell you people that don't know what that mean. I'll tell you the meaning of it. Thank you. As they like to say, you can't change history. You know, this is history. You can't change it. It's been done and it's there. You either believe it or you don't believe it. So that's why I like to play the clip once again. But I feel that in the next six months something is going to happen [Music] for the next 6 months. Hold on. Something is going to crack, but we will be walking in the light. God bless you. And that I made out of the mouth of two witnesses. Let everything be established. That's why I said it twice. Now, Statue of a Perfect Man, page 6D. I would like to just read it for you. And I want to take it, Brother Brandham says, and study it and compare it and then act upon it. Don't just study it, compare it, but act upon it. When you do, take it sincerely to yourself. Don't say, "Well, I enjoyed listening at it. I did, too. But to listen at it and then receiving it is different. See, it's different. Now I want to say you compare this, you take it, you compare that, you act upon it. What I said within the next 6 months, see if this is the word of God. If it isn't, then you know it's false. It needs to be chucked in the dustman and it is from the devil himself. But if it is after you took it, study it, compare it, act upon it, after you done all that and you find out that it is the truth, then you obligated to it and compare it and take it and act upon it and study it. then you compel to actually take it or otherwise you find yourself sinning. Now that is why I would like to bring in this quote out of the oddball which is 1963 the year he he preached the seals and speak about the spirit of truth. So this is truth then that's why he put it in this message the spirit of truth and it may be my going home may be my time to die in other words it looks very much that way it looks as if I'm going cuz after two years here he died if it is there will raise somebody after me that will take the message on. He'll be an odd person, but he'll rise after this after what? after brother Brandham and take the message on and you listen to it as long as as it's scripture stay with it stay after you compare it page 60 stay with it now I can't help for this quote brother Brandham says it and I believe that that odd ball is Revelations 10:8. He will come after brother Brandham, prophesy again what brother Brandham already said. And there is nobody that came after brother Brham and prophesied again and it happened. So this gets fulfilled every time. Every time. I like to take an exposition of the seven church ages with that quote. It says this age started after the turn of the 20th century as it was to be the age in which a true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost. We know that these must of necessity be a return of dynamical power which is the Holy Ghost dynamics. The believers sensed this in their spirits and began crying to God for a new outpouring such as was in the first century. What seemed to be the answer came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. It was then believed that this was indeed the long awaited restoration. It was not. It wasn't. Why? For the letter rain can come only after the former rain. So the former rain has to come first. Now what's the former rain? Which is the spring or teaching rain? The teaching rain is a former rain. Then comes the letter rain. The letter rain then is the harvest rain. That's the last rain. How could this be the real thing when the teaching rain had not come? The teaching rain didn't come yet. Now watch what he says here. The prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach. Now who brought the teaching reign? The prophet who brought the word the teaching reign the prophet the prophet brought it and that's why I do not go in this time with brother Brandham says brother brenham says brother brenham says quote after quote trying to teach brother brenham already done it trying to prove the message it's already proven because the teaching reign has come already So we need something extra. That's why he says I don't care about the mechanics, the teaching reign, the push and play rain. That's past tense. That's gone. We're in another age. We're in another reign. Why? Because this is what he says. Why do we not have that? is because he says the prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach the people there's your teaching reign and turn the hearts. Then after teaching the word of God the former reign he turns around he says and turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers had heath not come. So the latter rain had not come. The teaching reign came because the prophet came. But the letter rain didn't come yet. So there must be somebody that come after the prophet that will bring the letter rain. And it's been proven since 1979 right around the world who brought the letter rain. And um thus what was uh uh thought to be the restoration and the final quickening until the rapture had not come. So this final climax, the quickening power is actually preparing the people for the rapture. So here you got two direct quotes. If this didn't happen and brother Brandham was a false prophet this is two quotes that's in prophecy you know somebody will come and after the teaching reign comes the baptism of the Holy Ghost the token. Oh, I thank God that the world knows, Pentecost knows, everybody knows that this quote was fulfilled in South Africa in El Tabernacle. Now, you can stumble as much as you want to stumble. You can't prove it any other way. You can't argue fruit. You can't go against history. You can't go against a ministry that has proven to be the dynamics and mechanics together. The former and the letter rain together. The dynamics and the mechanics, the oil and the wine. Amen. Together it is in El Tabernacle and still Yeah. So I needed to bring that in for you to see what brother Brandham says. So you work it out with brother Brandham. I don't even want to speak about what he says. In every generation, uh, God sends a messenger and he's only responsible for his generation. And here I am really nearly 80 years old. I'm nearly two generations old, but he says his generation. So we two generations away from what brother Brandham has has has lived in. So somebody had to come. I wonder, didn't you miss him? Did you miss him? I am sure you did. Now, let's get into the thing. So much happened already in this six months. We're going to take two of the main events that's been in the Jerusalem, the New Jerusalem Post, which is the book of Revelation. That is our newspaper for this day and this hour. I make it the newspaper the main thing for this hour and this time that we live in. It's on the front pages of the heavenly newspapers which is the book of Revelation. So the Bible which is the word of God in Revelations 13 comes into play uh into play with the USA Revelations 13. He showed you his power of the beast just like the Bible says the power of Revelations USA. What it's got? Let's read it. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as a mouth of a lion. And the dragon gave his power and his seed and great authority gave it over to who? To Rome. Revelation 17. There is your front page of the New Jerusalem post which is the book of Revelations 13 and 17. That's on the front pages now. That is where we are living in now. So look at the power he's got. Look at the authority he's got. Now please remember this. that the power revelation 13's got. Look what he does when he came in. It's so strange that he came in within the six months. He got ordained in February month. Trump sworn in as president 20th January 2025. That's within the 6 months. I said here he comes. Revelations 13. I call him Revelations 13. Here he comes in. Now remember I said don't miss it. Brother Brand speaks about a woman come out of some America being president or the Roman Catholic Church. And I said, "Could that be Trump from that time?" He says, "Or the Catholic Church." So here we see the sprinkling two women. A natural woman that will be voted in and a spiritual woman, which is the Roman Catholic Church, that's not voted in. She just comes in. But the natural woman that will be president, she gets voted in. So I never saw this just the other day and as I went through the quotes and all if you read really those quotes, you'll see he speaks every time of two women. That's why we have two candidates for the two women. One is Trump and the other one is Camila. One will be Cama that is voted in. So far we see how our votes went. The other one might be Trump that will let the Roman Catholic Church come in because of the pressure of the Roman Catholic Church. Because America owes her trillions of dollars. They can't even pay back the interest. So will she put the screws on Trump if he gets elected and he will give in then to her and afterwards speak as the dragon. He says or the Catholic Church to women. Then he concludes the quote by saying thus saith the Lord. So it must come to pass that was prophesied. Now let's see if it's Trump uh sworn in as president 20 January 2025 he was sworn in and the minute he came in look what he does. He goes straight to trade war. World economy is buckled. Money watch the UN this year can't move without him. If he boycott it and says I don't want to even mention Israel and all that I stand with Israel. The whole world is against Israel. He says that everybody buckles. What power is that? Is that what we read in Revelations 13:2? Is that Revelations 13? Come on, man. Amen. We are not asleep in El Tabernacle because God placed a gift here. The G20 that they had last year meeting could not come to a deal without her. They couldn't make any decisions. every time they come to something that says we'll have to wait until Trump take office and see what he's going to do. What power is that? Why must the whole world stand still because of Trump? Revelations 13. Is that the scripture that I read? Revelations 13:2. It sure is. He has the power. Then the climate change guys also had a meeting and they also couldn't go forward because they said we got to wait until we see what Trump says. Then everybody run to Revelations 13. Trump everybody. What power has this man got? Revelation 13. Now when I speak about Trump, please put Revelations 13 there. Okay, look at Macron of France running to him with the econ economic problems, the tariffs that's been put up. Um, look at Mark Kaney of Canada that ran to America to see him about the economy, money. Look at Star, the England prime minister ran to him. Look at Putin listening to him. Says, "I will listen to him." Look at him now. Few days ago stopped the war between India and Pakistan power. India ran to him. Syria ran to him. Iran ran to him. Now China yesterday had talks with him. You cannot deny such power and you cannot say that he Revelations 13 hasn't already shown his muscle. It's fulfilled. Revelations 13. Why? Because the Jerusalem, the New Jerusalem Post has said so and it's now on a f on a on a on a on a on a front pages to declare it. He buckled the economy around the world by what? Terrors 25% tariffs must go up already taken place. Gold soured to 30% more this year. I would like to bring in the prophecy of brother Brandham in statue of a perfect man page 56 57 and 58 what is it now if this nation goes busted Revelations 13 go busted the only thing it can do is go busted the only thing that it can do is go busted that's the only sensible thing to do change the currency but they won't do it under this present ministration the Roman Catholic Church owns the gold of the world and what they'll do is sell out then it says it's the gold standard they gone to the gold standard and the Catholic church the hierarchy owns the gold of the world someone says6 68 billion. 168 billion. There you are. Throw it right back in the gold standard. Now, this is way back in ' 62. Now, you're going to put it about 70* 70 with that price. Then you see how many trillions you got that she has. The gold has gone up. to exceptional heights. And that shows that the prophecy prophesied by Ed Gahil Rossko December was spot on because this year the gold price has gone wild. Now, every time you near a statue of a perfect man, money fails. When Joseph came, statue of a perfect man, the Bible says, "And money fails in the land." When Jesus came, money issues, the rich young ruler Judas, money was the issue. Econ economics, taxes was the problem. Here we are. Are we at the end where we have another stature of a perfect man chiseled out by the dynamics of God? The baptism in the Holy Spirit which makes a perfect man. He says, "And the spirit takes them up into faith, virtue, knowledge, template, a perfect man." Oh, what a revelation. My God, I feel like preaching, man. Hey, man. They speak about virtues. They don't even know what they're talking about. Amen. When that comes in, you'll have another Joseph, a perfect man. So again, something happened. The gold price went up. Something happened. There's another perfect man on the way. Something happened. Which man in the world in this message can sit in front of me and said it never happened? It already happened. saw something cracked. Now, Revelation 13, Trump's politics against the other power. He's flicking his muscle. Leaders run to Revelations 13. Sinski, Netanyaw, Israel, they all running towards him. Revelations 13. What a thing we have. And here we have a clip of Trump and Sinski right in Rome. Right in Rome. What more can be more important than Revelation 13 has his finger in everything. Yes. Revelation 13 sitting in Revelation 17 seat man that's why I'd rather walk alone which with which minister can I walk and talk you know I saw how many times I can't afterwards I couldn't even talk to him because he didn't know he's not a pastor so God can't talk to him God speaks to the pastors first now if the pastors can't even understand me. Where can ordinary members like uh Solarenica uh uh uh understand me? They can never understand me. So here you are on the front pages of the New Jerusalem Post, Revelation 13 and Revelation 17, sitting right there. So something has happened in the 6 months. It's happening within the 6 months. Revelation 13. Trump tried to stop the Ukrainian war, tried to stop Israel and Hamas, tried to stop the Houthies, which he got it right. He stopped that war with the Houthis. Then he stopped the war on India. Now, what power is that? My brethren, if you really are spiritual, you are going to run for your life. We're going to run for your life. Okay, let's go on. Now, the mark of the beast comes out of Revelations 13:8. And let us read it. that no man might buy or sell. There you are. What is Trump doing? You can't buy without me and you can't sell without me. Now they're running because it's a buying and selling. Has this thing, this scripture being fulfilled or is it fulfilled? Right up till now, China is actually running because they want to buy and sell. But who's got the authority, the power in buying or selling? He says 25%. Even if he drops it to 10%. They still going to have to pay. He's still going to everybody. So this scripture is fulfilled. You cannot buy or sell the mark of the beast. and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of unless you come through us the beast of Revelation 13 that's going to give the power over to the real beast you know unless you have his number you can't trade I Trump which is Revelation 13 is going enforce this and this is already enforced in front of us all. Everybody speaks about it but they forgot about the scripture. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beasts. For it is the number of a man and his number is 63 score and six 666. And you don't find it in Revelation 17 which is the beast of the bottomless but Rome. You find it in America. Revelation 13 under Trump. I'm telling you, when I saw these things, I was shaking. The Holy Ghost woke me up 4:00. I mean, uh, the 4th of May, and told me, "Go check these things out. Go back to the funeral and check the funeral out." And here we are. When I went through, I saw these things. I was shaking and still shaking. So, the mark of the beast right out of America. Well, now now we can understand it. You know, when I said it, nobody understood it, but now you can understand it. Why? It's because we're going to get to it, but I'm jumping the gun. The new pop pope comes out out of Revelation 13. There you are. There's the scripture. Where did brother Brandham get it? It's right in the Bible. The number of the beast of the antichrist of the pope is right in revelations 13. Where is this pope that we elected right now come from? Revelations 13. There's where brother William got it. And it's fulfilled. It's fulfilled. But somebody had to prophesy again. Who actually prophesied again? I'm the only one now that makes sense to this thing. You anti- messages um uh ministers, man, you know nothing about this. But El tabernacle, my prophecy December, we will walk in the light. God has to honor that. If he honored what I said, then he's got to honor this as well. So, we are in the light. So, El Dean, stay in the light. Don't let any other m Mickey Mouse minister try to wrap you up. This alone, just take this alone. You were sitting right in the church when I prophesied this. This alone should strengthen you so much that you close your ears to any other minister. Okay, let's go further. That number comes on Revelations 13. Who's handling the buying and the selling right now? A 2 year old can see this. A great thing has happened El tabernacle in your midst. Revelation 13 is on the march. Hardly six months. I told you there two women and I told you that Trump might represent the second woman and here we are. Okay. Revelation 13 lies the great earthquake. Everything Revelations 13 is a great earthquake. And the great earthquake contains can read the scripture when Jesus rose from the dead there was a earthquake and it was a resurrection. Now revelation 13 is holding the earthquake and Yellowstone's explosion and the a bomb from Russia. soul come into play right now. America, her doom is around the corner. I'm so glad I'm not an American. I come from God and I'm going back to God again. God hates her. She's going to pay for all the things she's done. Um, is is this the time and the season for Revelations 13? Yes, it happened before our eyes. Now, as if that's too much for our minds to absorb, this thing comes like a bullet through our spiritual brains. It hit me on Monday morning the 4th May as I said the Pope's death first of all just if the Pope had to die that alone is a major thing a major thing happened the Pope died without Trump now I'm on the second point of what cracked. That's why I said who can argue? Who can argue against fruit? Now this church, this ministry here in EL tabernacle is not an ordinary ministry. Like brother B says it's all together ministry. Brother Bram says, prophecy, dynamics, mechanics, former rain, letter rain, prophesying, all that is included. Raising the dead by the spirit, God's grace. Amen. The healing that went on, all these things, it's right in one ministry. You don't find this in any other ministry. So, what is this? Is that what God made brother Brandham come to South Africa and lay hands on the head? Whether you like it or not, it's proven. It's fulfilled. It's finished. So, Revelations 13 lies the great earthquake and everything that needs to happen. That's on the front pages now. The season is here. So, anytime anything can happen. Um but it boggles our imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imag imagination that here the pope dies just the dying of the pope it it it was so ironic I look at jet vans revelation 13 I look at that the day before the pope died vans went to team. Jack Vans, vice president of Revelation 13. Seeing Revelation 17, there's the two scriptures together. Still tell me that this is not the New Jerusalem's post front page. There's it. What does does this guy want there? Go see the Pope. And look how nice the pope look. Something cracked, my friends. Something happened. Happened already. Still going. It happened already. The two scriptures is running together. You never thought to bring the two scriptures together, but the Holy Ghost showed me is that two scripture, Revelation 13, Revelation 17, Trump and the Pope. There you have it. What more do you want, El Tabernacle? What more do you want? You're not going to get anything better than this. I am going to be 80 years old and a sherk no more. I say the thing because it's the truth. I can prove it black and white that this is something else. Psalm there you have this day the scriptures is fulfilled. Okay, with this we want to bring in another clip of Trump when they ask him what do you like to be the pope and just look at this. Oh my, it is mindboggling. As the Vatican prepares to host the conclave to elect a new pontiff, Donald Trump has posted an AI generated image of himself as the pope on his social media platform, which the White House then shared on its official exac account. Catholics around the world say it's deeply insulting and makes a mockery of their faith. in white paper robes seated in an ornate chair. Donald Trump posted this fake image AI generated. It was then shared on the official White House account. Earlier this week, the US president joked he'd like to be the next pope. I'd like to be Pope. That would be my number one choice. Now look at that, my friends. This looks like a joke. But yet many a true word was said in a joke. Here Revelation 13 is acting like Revelation 17. Come on. Come on. There you are. Come on. Two things I'm showing you here that already happen in front of our eyes and nobody's saying anything. Ministers, ministers, man, this makes you so jealous because you don't get anything that could prove to be near what we getting here in El Tabernacle. Whether you like it or not, I'm saying it because I'm in the the the springtime, not my springtime, the latter time of my years, and I have to say who I am. Paul says, "Man, I magnify my office." So I magnify my office by proving you things. Let us look at that Revelation 13. In Revelation 17 again just and and and this this happened really it happened after this. This is before choosing the pope. As the Vatican prepares to host the conclave to elect a new pontiff, Donald Trump has posted an AI generated image of himself as the pope on his social media platform, which the White House then shared on its official ex account. Catholics around the world say it's deeply insulting and makes a mockery of their faith. In white papal robe, seated in an ornate chair, Donald Trump posted this fake image AI generated. It was then shared on the official White House account. Earlier this week, the US president joked he'd like to be the next pope. I'd like to be pope. That would be my number one choice. That's his number one choice. Revelation 13 tell you his number one choice is Revelation 17. Now, you never heard the lingo like this. You never heard like this, brother. Sorry. They never heard this. You never heard it. Nobody ever heard it. This was a joke. And yet it came to pass before it happened. He already showed you that America is going to receive a pope. And it will be a Trump and a pope both out of America. Man, I tell you, I couldn't sleep when I saw it. I don't know what you guys are going to do. That's your business. But my business is the Holy Ghost shows me the things. I cannot shun to declare the councils of God. That joke came to pass as being the truth. Now this all happened in the six months. Revelation 17. Now, Revelation 17 has that Jubilee year. This year, in the six months, this pope opened the Jubilee doors. This is the Jubilee year. So, the past year or so, the city of Rome has been cleaning all its monuments, all its fountains, getting ready for the Jubilee year. This year, 2025 rather, the year that's coming is uh called a Jubilee year for the Catholic Church. every 25 years that happens. And so, of course, they're expecting a huge influx of people into Rome, uh, to specifically to go to St. Peter's and to walk through the Holy Door, which is open once every 25 years. So, everything is nice and and spam, but of course, there going to be a lot of crowds this year coming up. So, here we are, Pantheon. Nice to be back in Rome. The weather's not great, but uh, at least it's not raining. Now, behind me is the holy door of St. Peter's Basilica. It's quite exciting to be here because normally this is cemented shut, but it's been prepared for Pope Francis to open it to begin the Jubilee year. Now, this event only takes place every 25 years. The opening of the door symbolizes God's mercy. And pilgrims who walk through the door and carry out certain acts of spirituality and charity receive forgiveness for their sins known as an indulgence. There you are right in the jubilee. Here we have a new pope. Last year was God's jubilee year. This year is the devil's jub jubilee year. Last year you got voted in a new president in Revelation 13. This year you have the Jubilee year, Satan's Jubilee year, and you have a pope voted in. Come on, how could it be? Last year, you could go free if you wanted. This year, the Roman Catholic Church says, "Your sins are forgiven." Where are we standing? How are we ever going to escape if you didn't sit like brother Brandham says study and show this these things and you sit in a church where God left long ago. God left long ago but you still sit there. There's no signs. There's no wonders. There's no preaching. There's no Holy Ghost. There's no anointing. There is no signs. There's no wonders. There's no prophesying. Get to a church where brother Brham says thrive under the supernatural. Okay. Yeah. For now, the reason of the visit is not published. We don't know why Vans actually visited. Maybe somebody knows, but I don't know. But I just know that it's in the 6 months that I prophesied. Watchmen. Watchmen. Watchmen. What about the night? What about the night? Watchmen. Huh? What about the night? What do you mean the night? How many days did they wait for the election of the pope? How many days? Nine days. What happened with the ninth plague? Darkness. What happened with the pope going to Israel? Darkness. Total darkness. That's where your nine days come for. What is nine days? Nine days is to bring forth a woman bring forth after 9 days. So after nine days, what did they bring forth a prison a pope right out of America? Are we sleeping? One thing our tabernacle, we are walking in the light. El Tabernacle and wherever you are and you listen to me here right now, you ought to shout your house roofs off because you were in a meeting when this happened before it happened. Can a man do and say things that will happen and it happened every time. It happens every time. No, there has never been a thing like this in this message. Six months. Watchmen. Watchmen. What about the night? Now I want to go to the day after the visit of Vans. The pope died. Was it time to hand over to the new pope that's coming? Now don't miss this. You have Revelation 13 America and now you have a pope out of America. Both now comes out of America. Is William Brham a prophet? You're not going to tell me he isn't. My eyes is watching the word and I'm watching the New Jerusalem Post front page Revelations 13 and Revelation 17 is being fulfilled to the tea. So, Revelation 13 and Revelation 17 right now is getting ready to dance together because both comes out of America. They're going to dance together. That's why I read Revelation 13:3. All the world wonders after Revelation 17. Even Revelation 13 went to go wonder after Revelation 17. 200,000 people look how they wonder after the beast. There has never been a number like that. Now, how couldn't this behave? Look at that. Look at [Music] that. Look at that. [Music] [Music] And you [Music] are Even the Muslims was wondering after the [Music] pope. There's Revelation 13. Right. In Revelation 17, 130 states 130. Sinski. [Music] Whatever [Music] color William It's not. So in so came this day the scripture is fulfilled. So in out tabernacle. God loves you as a UN and everybody there everybody there. So it's so ironic 130 has a 13 in it. Can you imagine? And then there was 133 cardinals that voted him in. There's another 13 in it. Then his name, the new pope's name, Robert Prios. 13 letters in his name. Everything. 13 1313. Are you sleeping at Garasco? No, I'm wide awake. The next pope will come out of America and his numbers will be 13. Did brother Brennham says his surname is seven. So count the numbers in his name 13 found in Revelations 13. Now please if this is not God then tell me who is this? I don't say anything. I just get led by the spirit. And if you're spiritual, you'll know who I am. 13 13. The whole thing is just 13s. So I can't but help to see these things playing out in front of me. and he became Leo the 14th out of America under the Augustinian order. And you look at normally they have six ball bearers that carries a coffin. He had a 77 which is 14 which is right back to the Augustinian religion back to the original. And they said the minute he walks out there and you look at his regalia, his dress code, it'll tell you who he is. And when he walked out, he came with the ancient Roman regalia, showing you we're back there again to kill and to murder. The same regalia of ancient Rome. He wore the traditional red cape and trapped the traditional one that all the popes all those bad guys use. Trappings of the papacy suggesting a return to some degree of tradition after Franc's unorthodox pontific pontificate. So we back there with the old Roman Catholic order. Beyond that he has a possible first foreign trip at the end of May. Travel to Turkey to commemorate the 1,700th anniversary of the first council of Nia. Now that is what the pope before him wanted to do. That was his next trip to Nisha Rome. What do they want at N? What happened in Na Rome? Go and read what brother Bram says. What happened at Nia Rome? Everything is back there. All the bad things that happened there. a landmark event in Christian history and an important moment in Catholic Orthodox relations. So we are there again. So this guy we just have to wait for the right time when the devil stepped into him. Why? Because the Bible says, "And it became night, nine days, and the devil stepped into Judas's scariot." The devil need to step into him. He needs to get the baptism of the devil because the baptism of the Holy Ghost is cut off. Now you understand why it says there is no Holy Ghost like in El Tabernacle. Nowhere. We are right at the point where anything can happen can happen. So that is what is going on. Then I'd like to say um he's a first American pope. We know that. And um he has a degree in economics. Top brass economical guy economics buy and sell him and Donald Trump. Imagine imagine it. It's right there. The scripture first put it. Brother Brennan says it in stature of a perfect man. We read it to you. And here it is playing out people. The economics of the world says and they won't be able to buy or sell. Why? Because revelation 6 says a measure of wheat for a penny, two measures of barley for a penny, weighing up the food of the world. I don't even want to speak about taxes. I don't even want to speak about I don't even want to go in there. Tariffs is taxes and the minute there's taxes, it's the birth of Jesus Christ. So will the return of Jesus Christ also determine taxes. We have it already. Tariffs is taxes. They're taxing you. They say they're taxing the outside world, but that taxes falls on you. So both of them, the Pope and Donald Trump, Revelation 17 and Revelation 13 is to do with economics, money. Oh my, I wonder El Tabernacle that you're going to get to the place now. I hope that you won't wait for these doors to open because a man stepped forward and said something is going to crack. And it did crack, it's supposed to shake ourselves to bits. I would like to put that scripture down. Uh when a man prophesy and it comes to pass, be scared of him. be scared of him. Now, I prophesied. I don't say you must be scared like uh I'm going to kill you or something, but scared that God is with me and I believe this is God, not me. Amen. So then then then watch this thing. Then watch this thing. They gave it nine days and then they started. When did they start with the election of the pope? Wednesday. What was Wednesday? The 7th of May. What happened the 7th of May 1946? The angel of the Lord came to brother Brandham. We'll give two quotes. I don't have it here. I forgot it. But we'll put it in. The angel of the Lord came to brother Brandham the 7th of May. Now, how could they have the election of the Pope the 7th of May and say Israel will be a nation? And the 7th of May they had the first election. Was that that the Catholic Church? Their wound will be completely healed. Is it? It's up to you to make up your mind. But for me, a new thing happened after the 7th of May. And after the 7th of May, now a new thing happened. A pope came out of America. It cannot be so perfect. It cannot be Amen. So prophetic that everything is just lined up. The Jubilees, everything is just lining up. The name is lining up. Everything is lining. The economy is lining up. Trump is lining up. He played Revelation 17 and he's Revelation 13. So my brethren, something did crack. 200,000 people at the funeral. 133 cardinals chose him and 130 heads of state there. All the nations represented all religions represented all news platforms was buzzing on this event. Even the Muslim network Alazer couldn't keep quiet but had a special representative there in Rome because they all wondering after the beast. This makes it a major major major thing that happened. So as I closed down, something did crack and something did happen. And the Bible says they wonder after him, small and great, rich and poor, the Bible says free and bond, wonders after him. This happened before our eyes. All of them was there. Like the Bible says, the pope should only be the pastor of the Roman Catholic Church or a imam or a rabbi. That's all that he is. Why does all the heads of state go there? If this is a church with a local shepherd, a local imam, a local rabbi, that means this should be the antichrist. No two ways about it. So everything to do with the end time is embedded in here. Everything about the a bomb, everything is revelation 13, Revelation 17. Both of them gets the a bomb and both of them is in play now. It's in season now. So you look at that wound being completely healed. Not wounded. It was wounded with nicer Rome and paple Rome and we know that but now completely healed. Nobody feels that they done anything by killing 100 million Christians in uh that's in the catacombs and what have you. It's completely healed the image to the beast. Revelation 13. They will hand it over to the beast very soon. And then I would like to say is just look at how many ministers just fell TD Jake. Look what happened to him. It's also worldly thing that happened. Look at um um Marcus Lamb. It's also a worldly thing. TD Joshua, look at him. What happened to him? Spiritual side. Everything cracked up. Look at what happened in Dio Gloria. And I said there that Raymond Thompson said that he gave out and bought the tapes and play bought the realtore tapes and bought the tapes and I said Raymond just tell me where you bought it from. I start the tape service bruti. I hired the hall. I paid signed the lease. I bought a real and I picked up the people and started tape services. Now I don't want to argue about who bought the reels. Raymond, all that I ask, tell me from who did you buy the reels. Please don't make a mistake here. From who did you buy the reals? Like you say, I would like to know. Now remember Raymond I know the history of aative so don't make a mistake here from who did you buy the reals that's all that I want to know and now it's after 5 months one of the days in the 6 months he still didn't answer so was that a lie brother so Renica was that a lie it sure was it sure was and I just wanted to know since when did he have a whole set of brother Brandham's cassette tapes? Not the real to real. The real to real. He's completely out. You don't even know where the real to reals was made. It was before his day. And I I I'm waiting for him to answer me. Then I'll I'll prove it to you where the real tapes come from. So uh but it's not answered which is a lie. Now, can a man come and stand in front of the whole world and make a statement that I bought the real truth. I this and I that and it was not him. He was lying and he bought the tapes. Now I can say he was lying and you guys are following him. I wonder if I had to do just one of the little things that he done, I would have been buried. All you ministers would have buried me. But these guys can sleep with women. They can lie. They can do whatever they want to and they still accept it. And here I am. You can't accept me. Why? Because we're playing in Revelations 13 and Revelation 17. He that's filthy, let him be filthy still. So church, may God bless you. El tabernacle, I wouldn't want to come here. It's just that now everybody was waiting for me in my church to say something about the pope and now I told you where it started from Revelation 13 because he wanted to tell me about Revelation 17 later on but I had Revelation 13 worked out and watched him and I just want to put Revelation 13 in Revelation 17 again. Can we have that clip as I close? There you are. Imagine this was supposed to be a joke and yet it came to pass. And Revelations 13 was portraying Revelation 17. And it came to pass. God bless you, Al Tabernacle. And I want to say it. Don't move from El Tabernacle. You're in the right place. Shalom.
