################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 52525 • Sun. • My God Shall Supply All Your Needs Pt. 2 - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/25/25 • Sun. • My God Shall Supply All Your Needs Pt. 2
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqyL-1ItydM
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Morning, brothers and sisters. It is sure is good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. If we'll just all stand this morning. How many has the Lord been good to this week? He's been good to all of us. Uh if we'll just bow our heads, maybe Brother Joe will open us in prayer this morning. [Music] realiz years ago. never seen her before. She got real. The Lord provide me We all know the stores have mercy. Jesus, we service Jesus Lord that you give us this area. I thank you Lord Jesus that you chose me the found. Amen. The children can be dismissed for Sunday school. If we'll go in the Psalms, we're going to go to Psalms 37. We had read the first part of that Psalms, but we didn't read the very end of it here. So, we're going to start in verse 23 today. Psalms 37, starting in verse 23, and we're going to read the rest of it. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and he delightth in his way. I have been young, now I'm old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, nor a seed begging bread. Depart from evil and do good and dwelleth forever more. The righteous shall inherit the land and dwell therein forever. The law of his God is in his heart. None of the his steps shall slide. The Lord will not leave him in his hand, nor condemn him when he is judged. I have seen the wicked in great power and spreading himself like a green bay tree. Mark the perfect man and behold the upright for the end of that man is peace. The salvation of the righteous is of the Lord. He is their strength in a time of trouble. And the Lord shall help them and deliver them. and he shall deliver them from the wicked and save them because they trust in him. God bless you. May be seated, brother Ryan. So good. He is their strength in a time of trouble. That's exactly right. Morning, brothers and sisters. So, after the last couple of weeks, I sure hope no one's living below their privileges this morning. Uh if you would turn with me, um I'm trying to decide where to go this morning. Uh you know those things that were up on the wall up there uh that you know that before church began. If you turn with me to Galatians the 5th chapter, you know, I was thinking about the potter and the clay this morning as I was reading those things that were up there. If I find my place here, you know, it's really true. When when the potter is beating the clay, do you ever hear the clay scream out, why are you doing that? I think that that should be better. You know, a board, if you cut a board, do you ever hear it scream, "Why'd you cut me that way?" Okay. A fabricator when you cut steel rolled or straight or square, do you ever hear it scream back to you, why did you cut me that way? No, it doesn't. It just accepts what the master is doing to it to make it in that image that the master has for it at the end. And that's the way Christ is with us this morning. He's working in our hearts, working in our lives, trying to fabricate us, bring us into an image that he has for each one of us this morning. And that image, the image that he has for me, Brian Baldwin, might not be the image that he has for you, but the one thing that's consistent in all those things that God is making that Christ is the center of it all. And and I was also thinking, you know, the word of God is that filter for the hour we need this morning. Because if you take yourself and you let yourself be filtered through the word of God, what comes out on the other end will be 100% pure. You know, in the natural sense, there's no filter that will give you 100%. But I can guarantee you in God's word, if you'll allow yourself, your life, everything about you to fall through the word of God, when you come out on the other side, you'll be perfect the way that God expects you to be perfect. not of your own self but of what the word of God has done for you in the in the life that we live. And I was um let me hope I don't get ahead of myself. I was listening to a few messages yesterday and this morning I was listening to that message doors indoors in u 1965. I think it's February 9th or 3rd. I I don't have the date. And uh brother Brown was talking about numerous things, but uh the one thing that he was talking about that really struck my heart, I made some notes. I don't even know if I'll read a scripture this morning, but I was thinking of what's been said the last couple of weeks that um and I've got the wrong one here. These are not the notes I had this morning. You know, you have to learn to relax, not to get in a hurry and let God have his way this morning. I'll find it. And if I don't find it, I have enough memory that I can go with what I have in my memory. And I don't have it this morning. It's probably here, but I don't remember what I did with it. But I was just thinking this morning that I'll just let me go to this chapter here. If I don't, I'll lose my train of thought. I'll find it here. No, I won't find it. Okay. See, even after 65 years, even I can make mistakes. But I was reading that script, that's the scripture for the devotional this morning. I'll just read that scripture and I'll get my I'll get back on track here this morning. You know, everything has a purpose. Um, this is the wrong one, but he was he was talking in the scriptures about boy, I'm getting all choked up here. I was just I'll just read what I was coming to my mind. Like I was saying earlier that if you let the word of God take its effect in your life, it'll bring about a change that'll make you in the image of Jesus Christ this morning. But it'll let you see your that's the most important thing to have the right foundation where you receive salvation through the grace of Jesus Christ and you get sanctified and then you get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And it's through that humility that comes from that experience that God can show you in the life the things that he's removing from you, the things that you don't need to be holding on anymore in your life. And uh I I you probably know I've been doing this for I think almost 30 years now. And I always wind up going to the Galatians the 5th chapter because that's what God's trying to make this morning. He's trying to make you like you go back to second Peter the first and second chapter. He's trying to make an image out of you this morning where where you have no imperfections left in you and the only thing that's in you is what God's going to redeem on that day. And these are the things that he wants in us. And they're they're the fruit of the spirit. But only by having the correct relationship with Jesus Christ can you see the things that God wants to remove from you. And uh let me I don't want to read the bad things, but let's start at about the 22nd verse of the fifth chapter. But of the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, and longsuffering. And I was, you know, just I was thinking this morning that if you allow the word of God to have its effect, that's the only thing that I want in my life. longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperaments, against there's no law. And they that are of Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Let us not be desirous of vain glory provoking one another. And I was um those thoughts are coming back to me now. And I was listening to that message and it's really important. You have the only way you can manufacture these things. It's got to be your nature this morning. You have to have a Christian nature in you this morning. And you'll manufacture these attributes that you need to have. And Brother Brandham was talking about how sheep are sheep. They bear wool, you know, and they can't help it. That's exactly what they're going to bear. They're going to bear wool. That's who they are. And that's the same thing about Christians. If if you're a real Christian, you'll be bear the attributes of Jesus Christ this morning. It won't be manufactured. It won't be this. It won't be that. It'll be the true representation of Jesus Christ. And um uh you have to forgive me. I lost some of those notes. They're in this Bible, but I'll I'll make a mess this morning. But I was thinking from the meetings last week. I don't have a lot to say this morning. I know I say that a lot, but sometimes we put God so far out there, but really God is right here. The distance between you and Jesus Christ this morning is right here in your heart this morning. That's the door. That's the That's the distance. It's not up there. It's not out there in the atmosphere somewhere, but it's right here in your heart this morning. And that's where Christ needs to be. Sometimes we're expecting God to do these great things and really he's just right in here trying to change your heart and life to make you in his image this morning. You know uh you know uh you know I I know in my own life if someone asked me to do a great thing that's what I would want to do. I think that's what God would want me to do because that's that's something that can be measured. I can see what God wants me to do. But a lot of times it isn't that way with God. God wants a simple thing done. He wants you to just to be simple Christians this morning. Well, you're simply living lives in Jesus Christ this morning. I had a lot to say this morning and all of a sudden I'm going blank here. And one thing I've learned in life is you can only go as far as God is leading you. You can't for force God to do something in your life that he's not walking with you to do. And a lot of times we like running ahead of God, getting ahead of him. And then we wind up when we get ahead of him, we're not where we're supposed to be this morning. But we want to walk in in we want to walk in step with what his will for us is this morning. And there was one thing I was thinking, I know it'll come. God will speak to me this morning. The most important thing I can think of is when God changes your heart and life, I I know how to make it so simple. You know, after 65 years, there can be no when God makes a change in your life, makes a change in you. When you walk in faith in Jesus Christ, everything that you did in the past, you everyone knows you put it in that lake of God's forgetfulness, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. When you put it there, there's no fishing. And I I can tell you this morning, whether you're a young Christian, an old Christian, wherever you're walk, a medium Christian in the walk, your enemy is going to want to make you go back fishing in your whatever you did in your past this morning. And you got to put up that sign. That sign is for you, too. It's not just for your neighbor. It's not for your brother and sister also, but it's for you. No fishing. You don't go back in the the past things of your life that you've gotten over. You leave that alone and you keep walking further. And I it took me a long I know I can only speak for myself. It took me a long time to realize when you make mistakes or I've made mistakes. Once I know that God has forgiven me for them, I have to put up that sign. I have to put it in that box and give God the key and leave it there. And a lot of times if you find those old thoughts coming back, you just got to say, "Devil, it's I'm going to leave it in the box. I'm not going to think about it anymore. Not going to dwell on it anymore. I've left it. It's going to stay there." But you'll find out when your enemy, if you're not careful, he'll start bringing up them bad thoughts in your life. The things you might have done in the past, things you should have done and you didn't do, all the things that can confuse your mind. And you got to say to yourself, "No, I'm not going to go back there anymore. I'm going to take a step forward in Jesus Christ and I'm gonna leave that behind." I know I was thinking of also I'll finish with this one thought when brother David comes out. Just like I was thinking from the meetings, you know, all the brothers that were preaching, you know, you could break it down to something simple. Brother Brandham said, you you know, you get when you're at the train station, you all know where I'm going. When you're waiting for the train or you're waiting for the airplane or whatever it is you're waiting for. When it's time to go, it's time to go. Whatever you're doing, you just got to let your peanuts fall. Whatever it is, you just leave it there and you get on the train or get on the plane. You don't want to be playing with the little things that miss the train or miss the plane. You want to be there on that day. Brother David, how many is glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. I I just looking for a great anticipation of what the Lord has for us this morning. And Amen. And I was thinking of that Psalms that Brother Troy read and said, "I have been young and now I'm old. Yet I have not seen their righteousness forsaken, nor seed begging bread. He is ever merciful and lenth and his seed is blessed. That's us this morning. Amen. Let's stand this morning if we could and sing that song, the goodness of God this morning. And Amen. You love him with all your heart this morning. Amen. And I'm thankful for the goodness of God in my heart and life. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. The moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire, through the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. And I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you've been faithful. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Don't you love him this morning? Amen. You may be seated this morning. God bless you. It's good to have each and everyone here this morning. And amen. Just looking forward to what the Lord has for us this morning. And I I love that song. And I guess Sister Emma was one of the first people I ever heard sing it other than the people I heard us sing on radio. And it just speaks volumes to my heart of how good he's been to me. Amen. And you know, we wouldn't be anywhere if it wasn't for the blood of Jesus Christ this morning. There is power, wonder working power in the blood. Amen. Aren't you thankful for that power? Well, would you be free from your burden of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. And would you or a victory win? Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your passion and pride? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Come for [Music] accla power power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be wider, much wider than snow? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. and sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Yes. Power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you do sir thus L for Jesus your keep? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood and wood. You live daily. his praises to sing. Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power. Yes, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Yes, power. Wonder working power in the blood. Oh yes, of the lamb. Well, there is power, wonderworking power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Are you thankful for that power this morning? Amen. Amen. I'm going through this morning. I pray that's your determination this morning. Amen. It says, "Many have started to walk in the light and they've bade the world and I've ba the world in it follows a due and I've started in Jesus and I'm going through this morning." Is that your desire this morning? Amen. Well, I have started to walk in the light and shine upon me from heaven so bright. I made the world and its follyies a do. Well, I started with Jesus and I'm going through. Well, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I price whatever others do and I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. Well, I started with Jesus and I'm going through and oh there are many who start in the race but with the light refuse to keep pace and others accept it because it is new. But not very many expect to go through. Well, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through and I'll pay the price. Whatever others do and I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. Well, I've started with Jesus and I'm going through and I' rather walk with Jesus alone and have for a pillow like Jacob a stone and living each moment with his face in view. and shrink from my pathway and fail to go through. Well, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through and I'll pay the price. Whatever others do and I'll take the way that the Lord's despised you. Will I start dead with Jesus? And I'm going through and oh brother, now will you take up the cross? Give up the world and count it as straws. Sell all thou has and give to the poor. then go through with Jesus and those who endure. Well, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do and I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. till I started. And I'm going through. Oh, and I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. And I'll pay the price. Whatever others do, and I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. Well, I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Like I said, it's good to have each and everyone here. And man, we've got some I won't call all of them visitors cuz I don't consider John Michael a visitor and Sister Hope a visitor. It's good to have him back home. And today's a national holiday. How many knew that? Today's John Michael's birthday. And how old are you, John Michael? 23. Man, you're just a kid still. I'm 40 years older than you. Wow. Happy birthday, brother John Michael. And and we got an old-timer up here on the base. Today's his birthday. Let's give them both a hand this morning. Amen. Amen. I remember being 23 a long time ago, but Amen. God bless you. And I remember we moved here. He was just a little bitty squirt. My how times have gone. And then Sister Hope got out this morning with the little man. Wow. What a sharpl looking guy. God bless you, brother Bo. It's good to have you here with us this morning. And and I looked at him and I asked her, I said, "Is he going to sing this morning?" He had a little tie on. He's a sharp little guy. And we don't you just appreciate the Lord giving us such wonderful gifts? And and I look at brother John and his head's about 4 foot wide and he's smiling from ear to ear because his grandbabies are here. And that's awesome. Let me tell you, if you're not a grandparent, you'll you'll be one someday and you'll see how awesome it is. God bless you, Brother Andrew. It's good to have y'all here this morning. Amen. Brother Caleb and brother Joe and brother John, would you come take up the offering this morning? And we've got several out. And uh Brother Daniel Wade's not feeling well this morning. and come ahead, brother John. And uh they they're not here. And then the brother John weighed them. They had some car problems this morning and they had to turn around and go home. So we want to remember them in prayer this morning. They're always very diligent in being here and have a heart's desire to be here. Also, Sister Parish desires our prayer and she said her feet and her legs uh are so tight from fluid buildup. Also, her stomach has fluid on it. She goes for a regular checkup to the doctor Tuesday to check out and see what's going on in her blood work. Continue to remember Sister Parish and pray that the Lord will just move in a a special way for her. And want to continue to remember Sister Donna and Sister Janette and those that are are overcoming the sickness that the enemy's tried to place upon them. And brother Glenn text me this morning said he's not feeling well this morning. So, we want to remember brother Glenn and Sister Sherry there at home uh streaming this morning and brother Brad and and Sister Joyce and them and and brother Weston there in Louisiana this weekend. So, then we've got some others that are gone. But if you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by uplifted hand this morning. Amen. Brother Troy, would you stand and pray over these needs and and the offering, please? Amen. As brother Andrew comes, let's sing that little course. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning this morning. Well, give me all in my lamb. Keep me free. Well, give me all in my lamb, I pray. Well, give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Amen. Let's sing it. Oh, sing hosanana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of king. Oh, why don't you sing hosanana sing hosanana. Sing hosana to the [Music] king. God bless you this morning. It's good to be back again this weekend. I bring greetings from brother brother Brad and uh brother Daniel Andes and the brothers back home. And amen. this song here. You can feel free to sing it with me. I was I had a feeling I'd be called up by Brother David. I didn't put anything in to sing, but so I had a feeling and I went through the song book and I I looked at a couple songs here. So maybe we'll sing one or two. We'll start with the chorus. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Well, Satan's like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may [Music] devour. Well, many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. But God has promised us today his overcoming power. Sing it with me. Well, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. On the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind blew into the upper room and baptized all of them with a power greater than any [Music] foe. And I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'll let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? It's good to confess it sometimes. Like the brother was saying, Satan, he comes and he beats you up, but it's good to confess, greater is he that is in me. Amen. Let's sing this song here. Number 155, key of C. Well, I'm tired and so weary, but I must go along until the Lord comes and calls calls me away. The morning is bright and the lamb is the light and the night is as fair as the day. Oh, there will be peace in the valley for me someday. There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord, I pray. And there'll be no sadness, no sorrows, no trouble. I see. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh, and the baby gentle and the wolf it will be tame. And the lion shall lay down down by the lamb. Oh yes. And the beast of the wild, it will be led by a child. And I'll be changed from this creature that I am. Oh, there will be peace in the valley for me someday. And there will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray there'll be no more sadness, no sorrows, no trouble. I see there will be peace in the valley for me. Oh, and there will be peace in the valley for me someday. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray there'll be no more sadness, no sorrows, no trouble, I see. And there will be peace in the valley for me. [Music] [Applause] Thank you, brother Andrew, for reminding me. I forgot to greet the people. the Johnny Hkins that's came and preached for us a time or two and I talked to him this week some and and he said to tell people God bless you and they're going to try to get up here in a couple of weeks. So anyways, he told me to just make sure I can greet you and greet you also, brother Thomas. God bless you. That's it. [Music] Okay. [Music] How many times must I prove how much I love you? How many ways must my love for you I show? How many times must I resue you from trouble for you to know just how much I love you. [Music] Did I wake you up this morning? Were you clothed in your right mind? When you walked into a problem, then I stepped right in our time. When you got weak along life's journey, my angel carried you so you would know just how much I love you. [Music] How many days must I be a fence all around you? How many nights must I wipe your tears away? How many storms must I bring you safely through? You do know just how much I love you. I wake you up this morning. Were you clothed in your right mind when you walked into a problem? Then my snail cried in our time. When you got weak along life's journey, my angel carried you so you would know just how much I love you. Did I put food on your table? Show up when the bills were due. When the pain was like in your body and I sent healing down to you. When you were lost in sin and sorrow, I died to set you free. So you would know just how much I love you. Did I put food on your table? Show up when the bills were due. When the pain was wrecking your body, then I sent healing bound to you. When you were lost in sin and sorrow, I died to set you free. So you would know just how much I [Music] So you would know. So you would know how much. So you would know. So you would know how much. So you would know just how much I love you. Amen. Appreciate that song. Let's stand this morning and Amen. Ask Brother Thomas to come and sing that little chorus. Yes, Jesus loves me. As brother Thomas comes, oh yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. God bless you, buddy. Bless you. [Music] Amen. Brother Bo or Brother John Michael, you all want to greet the people? We'll give you the mic or something. No. All right. I guess John Michael's expecting uh maybe to make it home tonight or maybe tomorrow. Tuesday. Tuesday. All right. Well, you got him for a couple days. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is good. Ain't he? Amen. Good to see y'all. Hope it's so good to see you. Praise the Lord. Amen. And so, it's just quite a few out this morning. Amen. So, thank you, musicians. Sorry for keeping you all up here. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's enjoying the winter weather all the way up into June? Amen. Certainly is nice and cool. We certainly do appreciate the nice cool weather. We know that that hot stuff's coming right around the corner. So, and also um we want to plan on the 14th having to uh get together at the farm, but you know, we're going to have to kind of play it by ear because if it does rain a couple days before or whatever real bad and it just gets a soggy mess, we'll keep postponing until the weather's good enough and the dry ground is dry enough to have it. Amen. But we'll shoot for the 14th of June. Amen. So, Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, Amen. He's good, isn't he? We want to just try to continue on our thought. Amen. With the help of the Lord. Amen. On God shall supply all of your needs. How many believe that? Amen. God does that. And so, we just begin to think about that. uh begin to meditate on that and and of course it took us uh into a lot of different areas that I plan on uh speaking on this morning. Amen. I think they had on our group text this morning. Something that I thought I might reach because as I begin to think about that simple scripture of my God shall supply all of your needs and the direction that he's already taken me and you know how it all ties together. But Abraham says, "Yes, I could take this one text," he said, "and with the Holy Spirit, preach on it a hundred years and never get what's in it out." Amen. Because in this one text, like all other texts of the Bible, is all tied together. Amen. And so this certainly is. Amen. Certainly is tied together. Amen. Of course, uh we already went and spoke a little bit on my talking about just that word need. Ain't that right? My God shall supply all your needs. How many knows we're have very needy people? We have a lot of needs. And as long as you're in this body, as long as you're here in the earth, you're going to have needs. Amen. But we have a God that supplies our needs. You know, I was sitting back there and I thought, you know, a good question to ask. Can you imagine if I told you what if I give you something? What if I give you uh I don't know, you know, this bottle here and anything that you ever wish for, anything that you'll ever really need, it'll give it to you. Now, it comes to who wants it? That's right. We'd have a lot of people rushing up here, right? There's only one and you'd be rushing up here to get it. Well, who wouldn't want that? How many knows? Well, that's Christ. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. That's Christ. He is all that you have ever need of. Anything that you'll ever need, he's it. Amen. And we're blessed people. Amen. Amen. And that's why we ought to be the happiest people on the face of the earth because we've got a promise that if we we're in Christ, Amen. when you have the Holy Ghost, Brother Bam says, everything that you have need of in this life's journey or in the world to come is in you, then you've got it. You've got what you need. Amen. Amen. The fulfiller of all of your needs. So, we want to go there with the help of the Lord. And also, Amen. I I I tied it in with the the question, you know, that our brothers made and brother Brandham makes a statement and I want to read it here um uh in a minute. Amen. About the devil's question. We have the answer to the devil's question. Amen. And so if there's a question, then there's a need for what? For an answer. Let me know. So if there's a question, there's a need for an answer. And we want to dwell on that a little bit this morning with the help of the Lord. We're going to go into the Leodysia age. Amen. And so forth. But anyway, let's just bow our heads and talk to the author before we amen start. Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning once again, Lord. We thank thankful to be assembled, Lord, together. And Lord, you knew exactly which one and how many and who would sit where this morning, Lord, we believe with all of our heart that you ordained this service before the foundation of the world. You knew exactly the text that I would take, exactly what you lay on my heart to speak, Father. And we just ask God that we'd be in your center of your will on everything that we would do and all that we would say. Father, bless those that couldn't be here, those that are not feeling well. We ask for healing, for a healing touch for them. Raise them right back up again, Lord Jesus, and come and bring them back into the place where they should be, Lord. And we ask, God, that you'll just take your word now. Anoint us to speak it and help us, Lord, to lay aside ourselves completely, Lord, so that you just use us to speak in Jesus name. We ask it. Everybody said, "Amen." Turn your Bibles if you will. We'll go to the first scripture that we started with. Amen. This will be my God shall supply all of your needs part two. Amen. Praise the Lord. I also title it the answer to Leosa. The answer to the leady God's question to the condition of the leis. Amen. Amen. Philippians 4 and verse 19. But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Now, Revelations 4, we'll just pick this up. Revelations 3. I'm not not four. Revelations 3. A very familiar scripture. Amen. But once again, I find myself pulling some more out of it. Amen. So, this is one of those cases where you've read it and read it and preached on it and preached on it, but there's still more in there. Amen. There's still more in there. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Three and verse 14. And unto the angel of the church of the leadyans, write the thing, sayeth the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot, I would thou cold nor or hot. So that because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth, because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing. Notice that word need. Amen. This is where I I felt led of the spirit to go because these people here had need. They thought they had need of nothing. Is that right? They didn't think they needed something. Amen. And so I made a comment on something on that that I want to try to just I I seen where brother Brandon makes this statement also and read it and I didn't know he made it. But when I made that statement, you know, I don't know, you might have thought it was a little different, a little weird, whatever. But whenever the prophet comes back and says kind of the same things, it's always uh good to know that you're on the right wavelength. Amen. that your mind is thinking the right thoughts. Amen. All right. So then, because thou art lukewarm and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth, because I sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable, poor, blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and wine raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thine eyes with thyself, that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chase and be zealous therefore and repent. Amen. I stand at door the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. Amen. Is that too much rebound? Does that sound good? All right. Right there. That's why I like to keep it because I'll tell you what, I can hear. Amen. It sounds like it's all even to me. It's just just like that's that's good. So, praise the Lord. We can adjust those a little bit. And I've turned it over this way a little bit. M. So if I need to change it, I will. But I want to come and me as much as possible. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. I missed something, didn't I? May God add his blessings to the reading of word. You can be seated. Amen. But Amen. We just have you seated this morning. Praise be to God. God is good. Amen. All right. Praise be to God. God is good, isn't he? Well, I don't think that we're definitely going to get through here, but we're just going to take our time. Amen. Try to go slow and take our time. Amen. Amen. With the help of the Lord. Amen. The answer to Leadsia. Now, we're living in an age. How many knows we're living in an age um in one sense we're living in the Leodysia church age in another in another sense we're far past it the world itself is in that leodysa church age is that right and now we want to look at the conditions first let's look at the conditions amen because what we want to do is overcome the conditions of leadya because how many know that's where you and I were before we come into the message before We had a call to come out. Amen. And so this is the most pathetic age of all ages because we know that Christ was outside of the church knocking trying to get back in. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I want to start with Well, let me me let me back up a little bit. Amen. Um, we know that for everything that the devil does, ain't that right? For everything that the devil does, God counters it. Amen. Scripture says in Isaiah, not Isaiah 59 and 9, it says um or 19 says, "So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the east and from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall raise up a standard against it. Amen. Praise the Lord. But Abraham says, "It was written one time that when you when you brought Israel out of the land of Egypt," he says they come right up against this mountain, the Red Sea had them bound. They could not go over. It's said by one of the writers that God looked down through the pillar of fire, looked at the Red Sea. Amen. And had his that had his people pinned off from the promised land. And he looked down with anger. And the Red Sea got scared. Amen. The Red Sea got scared and moved back and let Israel across over into the into the land. Amen. Amen. I had to think, you know, look at that here. The devil, Amen, had him pinned and listen. Then he goes on with the prayer. He says, "And father, Satan, like the Red Sea, has cornered off many of your people. They're laying bound. They're afflicted. They're sick." Amen. And when those handkerchiefs reach them, Amen. this token of God's grace. May the same God look through that same pillar of fire and may that sickness become scared. How many believe I was thinking you know uh you know we're always people are always you know the devil tries to scare the liver out of you whether it's by sickness or high blood pressure or whether it's diabetes or cancmen that you don't know how to get by. Amen. Now, how many knows that God actually uses the devil as a tool to bring us to where we're supposed to be? Sure he does. He uses the devil's nothing but a tool in the hands of of God. Just like the Red Sea, he used that as a tool. But he looked and made that sea parted. Now, we know that the Red Sea, that water ain't got no mind. But figuratively speaking, man, it just moved away and it dried up the ground and and let them through. What about the fire? Amen. That some three Hebrew children. No doubt. But that fire got scared when God got the looking down. No doubt. But that the lions got scared when they got the pillar of fire come down. Amen. And the king of the jungle all of a sudden got scared. Them lions are shaking. Amen. I like that. Don't you? When your enemy is scared, praise the Lord. Can I just say what comes to mind? I was thinking back there, you know, the devil comes and tries to scare you. Amen. You boo back. I said, "No, you're not the boogeyman. I'm your boogeyman. I'm the boogeyman here. You better get scared of me. I ain't scared of you. You better get scared. And you better run and you better hide." Ain't that right? Praise the Lord. better be scared of God because we have got Christ on our side. Light scatters the darkness. When you turn the switch on them roaches and them creatures of the darkness, they leave. How many knows when the when the Holy Spirit comes into your heart, those creatures of darkness of cancer and anxiety and everything else, it's got to go. Amen. Light drives it away. We scare him off. That's how it's supposed to be. That's God's answer to devil's question. God's always had the answer to the devil's question. Listen, and you know, brother Madden make that statement some statement so many times, you know, I haven't really understood it as much as I have in this last week as I begin to ponder on it because brother Bham, he picked that inspiration up. Amen. And I fig he didn't say the title of the message here, but it was in ' 63. I know. Trying to remember what it was back there, but Amen. It didn't print it out. But he says, "Do you listen?" And he says, "Notice." He says, "Uh, now notice Christ is the mystery of Christ. Christ is the mystery of God revealed." That's where it was being personally identified by the original headship. He says, "We have the answer to the devil's question." Amen. Glory. We have the answer to the devil's question. He says it again. He says he Christ is risen and has paid the price raising up the and he's raising up the head the body and the devil can't stand it. That's the reason the ecumenical councils and so forth are setting up. That's the reason they're all coming together into what they're doing. The devil, that's the reason he's howling the way he is. Amen. Listen, his scheme has been uncovered by the risen resurrected Christ in the headship over his body. You think I'm beside myself? I'm not. We've got the devil's answer. How many believe that? We've got the answer. He is the answer. Christ is the always has been the answer. Amen. It's his power. And listen to what he says. We got the devil's answer. It's not me that liveth. It's Christ the word living in me. It's not my idea. It's his power. not my idea. It's his word. He said it would be here and here it is. We've got his answer. And he goes on, it keeps on saying it different times. Next scripture down here, he says, "Now are we the sons of God? Not we will be. We are. We are re now we're redeemed and we have Satan's answer. God's vindicating himself. God's proved himself to be done to promise in this hour. Hallelujah. The headship is here. Christ, the risen Lord. He's here in the same power of his resurrection that he ever was manifesting himself. There's the devil's answer. Amen. Praise the Lord. What is it? Not them people. The headship and the body has become one unit. It's God manifested in his people. How many knows that he was so so the body and the head they had come together. I like what he says it here. He said, "Not will the headship and the body has become one unit." And I don't believe it was ever displayed any better than through the prophet of God when God would come down and he would use brother Benam's body, the head would use the body to speak and do the very same things he did when he walked the shores of Galilee. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hopefully, I'll be able to express how much that really means and what all that means because the prophet of God said even that that should give that's what gives the bride rapturing faith. Rapturing faith. Amen. All right. Okay. So we want to start with basically the first thing first of all let's talk about the condition of the leadya number one was that they were lukewarm lukewarm and I wrote down here they're not hot and they're not cold they're in between that right not hot or cold they don't have a Yes or a no. It's just a maybe. Amen. It's a maybe person. It's a fence rider. It's something in between. Ain't that right? Look. Amen. Fence rider. Not on either side. In between. I wrote down here. It's in between. Not on either side. Uncommitted. unsure living in a world of perhaps they're not in and they're not out. I wanted to read that plaque that we have somewhere around here where it is preachers in Africa said, "Man, I'm committed. I've sold all. I'm all in. You know, there's no turning back. I'm 100%." How many? That's where we need to be. So these people that were lukewarm somewhere in between and God says, "I don't want you that way." He don't want halfway. Amen. Because that's what the churches are. Well, this don't really matter. Well, that don't really matter. God don't care about this. God. Yes, he does. Not somewhere in between. No, it's hot. It's all for God. It's all in. Jesus wants you all in. He wants you to not guess. Amen. But he wants you all in. They were lukewarm. had need of nothing. Amen. The next one was because they say that they are rich and increased have need of nothing. Amen. What a condition to be in. Remember Wednesday I said, you know, I'm working. I'm wanting to get to the place to where I don't need anything. How many like to get the hey I don't have one need. Amen. Amen. And what is that? That is the other side. But Abraham says that perfection that you thirst for is not for that you don't that's not in this side. Now that don't mean that you can't be perfect in your spirit. Jesus said be you perfect. You understand? But as long as you're in this body in this flesh, you are going to make mistakes. You are going to not think the way you should or you're going to say something that you shouldn't say at the wrong time. Ain't that right? You're going to mess up. Why? Because that's what this is. Amen. And and I said over there and then listen to what he says. You know, he says, "Thou sayest, I am in increased with goods." This literally means they think they're spiritually rich. This sounds like the millennium streets of gold in the presence of God. rich and increased in goods have need of nothing. Huh? So yeah, when we get over there, we're not going to be needy anymore. We're not going to have a need when you get over there. Praise the Lord. But Abraham says it's just How do you explain it? He said, "You had just arrived. We have arrived. We're there." Amen. We've been wanting to be here, wanting to be here, but now here we are. Amen. Perfection, satisfaction, completeness. There's no word for it. No word to describe how perfect it is over there. Amen. And that's what we're striving for. Amen. Now, the reason I want to look at the condition of the church because you know you and I were at that in this in this in this condition. Is that right? How many believe we were in that condition? Especially if you were in a denomination, you were in that condition. They're just lukewarm. Amen. They're miserable, wretched, poor, blind, and naked. Maybe some of I don't some of us perhaps didn't even think we had need of anything. But then God come along. Praise the Lord. My no and then he says, "Have nothing." Now when people anybody says that I have need of nothing, he says you could very well be saying I have everything. Or he could be saying, "I don't want anymore as I am full." Ain't that exactly right? Well, this is what we believe. It doesn't matter what you got to say. No more truth. We put a period behind what we believe. We are what we are. They're satisfied being where they are. They don't think they need anything anymore. I don't want anymore as I am now full. Amen. And you can express it this any way that you want to. And it all ends up to the fact that the church is complacent. She is satisfied with what she has. Amen. She either figures she has it all or has enough. And that is what we find today. Amen. That's how people end up talking about how that the Pentecostals represented that Leodysia church. Amen. Praise the Lord. So what we want to look at with the help of the Lord once we get through looking at the symptoms and and the condition of the leotans, they thought they were rich. But how many know that's not true riches? What is true riches? What is the gold? Is that right? What was God asking in verse 18? I counsel thee to bow me gold tried in the fire. Notice I am rich and increased with goods. Have need of nothing and knowest not. Amen. Brother Brandham, I was listening to brother Brandham before going to bed the other day and I just picked up a picked one out of 1965 and it was called and knoweth it not. And brother Bam says now I don't know where I'm going to go when he come up here, brother Brian. He was in one of your situations now. I don't know what I'm going to say. So we'll just go from here. and he preached on and knoweth it not. Somehow he got on that, looked at his few scriptures and so forth and and and and just preached a good message. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Praise the Lord. I was back there listening to Brother Brian and you know, I like what he said. He said, "Now I'm gonna go slow. I'm going to take my time." I said, "Well, that's good. That's a good move. And in between in between the times he wasn't sure what he was going to say, he said some good stuff. Amen. I got He says God, you know, he said, I don't know why I'm going on this, just to give him a little flower, I guess, but do little things. How many knows God doesn't sometimes want you to do big things that everybody in the message, hey, everybody, oh, it's all about maybe it's maybe it's a little selfishness in you wanting recognition. Hello. But God wants those little things. Amen. Amen. Re recognize God doing and working in you in the little things. Amen. And God is never far away. He's right here. Amen. That's another good point he made. Amen. Praise the Lord. He did say manufacture instead of manifest. Now, we're going to manifest these here, but that's all right. I do that all the time. I wish somebody tell me. Well, some people do that. Brother B. How you you know cuz even brother Bram said 7 thou 700 and 7,000 or 7,000 whichever way it was. Y'all know what I'm talking about. He said it backwards. But anyway, praise the Lord. Amen. Put the in other words he's not something else he said was put amen your sins in the sea of his forgetfulness. Amen. Never to be remembered no more. And I liked it because we've been fishing the last couple days and and don't go fishing for it. Amen. Because I'll tell you what, how many knows the devil will sure give you a fishing pole. He will hand you a fishing pole. Say, "Hey, don't you remember what you did over there and don't you know this side of the bank? Go fish out of there a little bit. You remember just just get out of here. Take your fishing pole and get lost." Praise be to God. So let's look at this. So he says, "Now the next thing he says, you have say that you have and knowest not and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked." Hallelujah. What a condition. Amen. Now, how many know this is the condition that the devil got the church into? He got her into this condition. They were wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked and didn't know it. You know what else they didn't know? I I you know, I highly doubt it. Anyway, I'll put it this way. I had Pentecostals even recognized or believe that they had actually put him outside of the church. How many know that Pentecostal organization in ' 63 said, "Don't you go to any brother Benham's meetings. Anybody that does will be excommunicated. Your name will be taken off." Even brother Bam had to deal with him. A preacher called him up. He says, "Now, he participated in your meeting. We're going to have to take his book off. Name off the book." Isn't that right? And Brother Bam says, "Well, that does that mean he's lost?" Yeah, it means he's lost. He says, "Get off the phone, mister. You blind Pharisee." Almost. Huh? Aggravated. Do you mean to tell me just because you think that you take somebody off of your book, they're not going to make it? Hello. What a place. Christ was outside of the church. He wasn't in it anymore. Now, let me ask you, if Christ was outside, where are you going to have to go to see him? Where are you going to have to go to meet him? You're going to have to go outside. You're going to have to go out. But we'll get into that in a minute. Praise the Lord. Oh my. So, look at that. Now, now God says, I counsel thee if you want to be rich. If you want to be rich, I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich. Amen. Peter says, "The trial of your faith being much more precious than that of gold that perishes." Ain't that right? So the gold that God is looking for. Amen. Not only the gold, but also the clothes, the clothes that we wear. because he says and that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint that eyes with eyes that thou mayest see. So he God wants us you wants you to be rich. We need to be rich in God. Ain't that right? Rich in God. We need to have reignment because we know the clothes that we wear. Amen. over in Revelations 19, she was given white raignment, the white garments where the righteousness of the saints. So it's important that you have clothed that the shame of your nakedness do not appear. Amen. And the other one was that eyes with Isa that you can see. Amen. That thou mayest be able to see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chase. Be zealous therefore and repent. Amen. So let me ask you this because this morning I want to go for a little while with the help of the Lord and that is to show us really cause us to appreciate what God has done and what this message means to us. What the message really means. Amen. Amen. Now, listen. The Leodysia age, Brother Brand is saying the Leosia church is saying, "I'm in reach, rich, and increase with good and have need of nothing." Wait a minute. This is not the one I'm looking for. All right. Now, listen. He says, "The word has been put aside." So God says, "I am going against you all. I will spew thee out of my mouth." How many know? Because they were lukewarm. God was going to spew them out of his mouth. He said, "This is the end. Seven ages. I've seen nothing but men deceiving their own word above mine. So at the end of this age, I am spewing you out of my mouth. It's all over. I'm going to speak." All right. Yes. I am here in the midst of the church. Amen. The amen of God, the faithful and true, Amen. will reveal himself and it will be by my prophet. Amen. Oh yes. This is Revelations 10:7. In the days of the voice of the seventh and messenger, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. There it is. He is sending a vindicated prophet. He is sending a prophet after almost 2,000 years. He is sending someone who is so far from organization and education than the world of religion as John the Baptist was and Elijah of old. He will hear only from God and he will have thus sayeth the Lord and speak for God. He will be God's mouthpiece as it is declared in Malachi 4. Amen. And he will bring back the elect to the of the last day. All right, I'm going to stop right there. and go to Malachi real quick. Malachi 4 says in verse 5, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." "And he shall turn the hearts of the children uh fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers, least I come and smite the earth with a curse." I asked my wife, we was riding down the road and I says, "I wonder what that curse what he was talking about. What curse was God going to strike the earth with?" I challenge anybody, minister, anybody that knows uh whether brother Brandham actually explained what that curse is, I don't know. Amen. So, if anybody knows, let me know. All I know is this. We're already living in the curse. I mean, know God cursed the earth. He cursed the ground that he was on and it brought spindles and it brought in Murphy's law. Everything that can go wrong will go wrong. The curse is death itself. Having to get old and gray hair is a curse. Ain't that right? Feebleness is a curse. All of that is a curse. And so, if God was going to curse it double, it was going to be a double curse twice. We're ready. And then he going to do it again. It would be pretty bad, wouldn't it? And let me ask you something. Look out there. Tell me it ain't real bad. It is double bad out there. That's right. Why? Because they haven't come to Malachi 4. How many believe that the answer to Leadsia was re Malachi 4? Revelations 10:7. That was God's answer. That was God supplying our need. Amen. Why? We had need of what? We had need of restoration. We were in bad shape. We were miserable, wretched, poor, blind, and naked. Caleb, young man, where do you think we would be? Where would I be? Where would you be if it wouldn't have been for God sending Malachi? Where would you be if it wasn't for God sending a I'll tell you where it'd be. you'd be in that leadya condition. Ain't no telling what condition. It'd be a terrible condition to be in. But how many know God has called us out of that Leodysia age? He's called us out of Leodysia. Amen. We're thankful for that. God answers it. Brother Bandam 63 in the third exodus preaches about three Exodus. We are in an Exodus and in leaving and turning the pages off in a moment, they're turning tapes off in a moment. Amen. He says, 'Oh my friends, my brothers, both present here and in those that'll hear the tapes, let me ask your brother and your citizens of the kingdom of God, he says, come out in this Exodus. How many know there was a cry that went out, amen, the only way that you can Amen. get out of this condition is to come out of her. There was a time when God was in all of those denominations. Hello. There was a time when brother Bam said, "Find you a church. Find you a church. Find you a church." all those converts. He filled churches up, people. But look at it later in his ministry, you'll find out. He says, you know, you can't belong to a man-made system and be the bride of Come out of her. It's time to get out of there. [Applause] That's right. And so God was calling out cuz I'm going to do something for you. I'm going to do something that you ain't can't even imagine what God has done. Hallelujah. He's going to bring us out. You got to get out of that thing cuz God ain't in it anymore. We don't draw inspiration. We go do have nothing to do with that system. But the Bible says if you Oh, he'll just say it. He'll say to be in it is in the mark of the beast. Listen to this. Oh, let me say as your brothers and sisters came, come out in this Exodus, for all that's left behind will bear the mark of the beast. Come out of Babylon. Come out of this confusion. Amen. Hallelujah. How many know it's no wonder they were lukewarm? No wonder they were in between. Which organization's right? Which denomination's right? Which church is right? Why are we preachers? Amen. Always talking about these denominations and these churches and condemning them and so forth. Because God condemned them. Cuz they threw him out. They put him out. Now he's putting them out. And he's getting his people out of there. Cuz you can't get blessed there. You can't get rich there. You can't have the clothes that you need in a denomination. And that clothing is that character. Amen. All right. Come out of Babylon, this confusion, out of these systems, and serve the living God. And let this great angel of the covenant, Jesus, in the form of God, thought it thought it not robberly become equal. He's the pillar of fire, the same form he was back there bringing that first exodus, bringing that sex second exodus. And here he is bringing the third exodus. He says the first exodus, what did he do? He brought him out of a natural land. Ain't that right? The second exit, he brought him out of a spiritual condition and a spiritual baptism of the Holy Ghost. In other words, when Christ came, Amen, he turned the hearts of the fathers. He was trying to get him out. He had to get him out of there. scribes and Pharisees crucified him. So guess what? That was over with. Trying to get him out of it was Exodus time. That was the second thing. Now he's bringing a spirit, bringing them from his spiritual to the Holy Ghost, right back into the eternal land of the millennium and into the great hereafter, the same pillar of fire by the same anointed. Amen. system, the same God doing the same things, the same word declaring the as he did the first one, declared the second one. And the same word is declaring the second one is now declaring the third one. And here we see it among us. Come out. Oh, come out of this chaos. Come to the living God. Come to the word. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Oh my. He is in our flesh dwelling among us. Come out and serve the living God. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandon then bows his heads. Praise the Lord. Oh my. He says, "From the depths of your soul." Paul, as we bow our heads, he says, "From the depths, that's all that's in you." If you are willing, remember if you're ready to stop all of the things of the world and live for God. Amen. You didn't mean this. You don't you don't do it. But if you listen, don't do it if you don't mean it. You got to really mean it. Amen. If you're really convinced, and Jesus said in the end of his ministry, "Do you now believe? Are you convinced that these things are right, vindicated by God, that we're at the end time, and you truly want to come to Christ now? come into his exodus of calling out of indifference and denominations and ideas and things of the world. If you want to surrender wholeheartedly to him in and come out in his exodus for the blessed promised land. Amen. He says, "Will you raise your hand?" Amen. To him. How many believes that? Amen. So, we find that the answer to Leosa was Malachi 4. It was the seventh angel. Amen. calling people out. So that you aren't part of that same curse. Amen. That people live under. Amen. And let me just say this. Revel Malachi 4. Amen. Also takes us to Revelations 18 and1. Revelations 18, not one, but um let me see here. If you want to turn to it, you can. Now I want to read this because I always like to make p full proof whenever you are uh preaching and and teaching like what we are this morning. You like to make sure that it lines up with the word. Ain't that right? Now notice here in Revelations 18. So Malachi 4 also produced Revelations 18. And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power and the earth was lightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with his strong voice, saying, "Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, has become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Amen. For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornications with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through her delic the abundance of her delicacies. Amen. All about the mighty dollar. Listen. How many knows that that woman is a rich? That harlot is a rich. She's rich and creeped with goods. But listen to this. And I heard a voice, another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not her plagues." How many know she's got plagues coming for sins have reached? Brother Bam uh speaking this. He says after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power. Now here comes another messenger coming down. He says her mystery has been discovered. Now is now this is now the discovery of her mystery and her children's mysteries. See we understand now exactly what made her a harlot because she committed adultery against God's word. She takes man's word over God's word. How many know you and I we are we don't have a brother Brandon B. We don't have a man birth. We have a word birth. Brother Brandham, God used brother Brandham to bring us to a word birth. Amen. You don't listen to the pastor. Even if it isn't subject to the word, if it's not according to the word, we don't hear it cuz we're a word bride. We are part of him. Hallelujah. Glory. Now remember, remember this. Now remember this. Brother Bam says the lid has come off of hell and streams and streams of demon powers are coming out upon the earth. How many knows they're in politics? They've taken over politics. He says they've taken over this that and the other. You can see it in the people and they've absolutely taken over the churches. Whenever those preachers would say, "Look now our church don't believe that." Even though there Jesus Christ would come and vindicate it and it be according to the word, they would take their own ideas above God's word. They exalted the devil to where he wanted to be. Why was that? That was devil power. Those were spiritual religious demon powers. Amen. Demons and streams of them. Amen. And if there are streams of demons coming out of the hell, the lid of hell, then how many know there's got to be an answer. There has got to be something that God doesn't respond. And I want you to know that God did. He said before the oh before the foundation of the new world. Amen. Even way back in the Old Testament, he wrote that in Malachi 4, I'm going to have to send Malachi 4. Amen. If these people are ever going to be victorious, if they're ever ever going to have joy unspeakable, if they're ever going to come out of their wretched and miserable, amen, in their lukewarm condition. I'm going to have to breathe. I'm going to have to show signs and wonders. I'm going to show myself alive like never before. infallible proofs. Amen. It's going to bring them to a rapturing faith. It's going to bring them to a rapture. Amen. A perfect faith. It's going to give them perfect love. It's going to give them victory. [Applause] How many glad for it? We're not sitting around, well, we're in church again. Come on, people. This is not just about having a service on Sunday morning. This is about coming together and hearing the word of God and worshiping him. Oh, praise be to God. All right. Come out of her. How many believes that's the call? We've heard it. You can hear it on tape. Come out. Get out of there. Amen. Partakers of it. Amen. Hallelujah. So now look produces revelations there and I I didn't read all of that. I just want to read a little more if I could. Amen. Listen. So he says, "Brother Brand reads that scripture the 18th chapter. A mighty angel after the mystery was made known. A messenger." He says, "Look, immediately her mystery was made known. Who she was, what she was, who her daughters were. The mystery has been made known. Then God sent another angel, a messenger. What? To call out. Come on. the message of the hour. How many believes we've heard the message of the hour? Come out of here, my people. Hallelujah. A mighty angel. But Abraham says, you know, it wasn't done in a mystery. It wasn't done in a He says, listen to what he says. And his light wasn't in a corner. It was scattered over the earth. How many know he went around the world seven times to Hindu, to Buddhas, all of them. He the whole earth was lightened with his glory. The whole people of the earth should have accepted it and received it. Amen. Why are we so hard on churches? Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Amish, Menite, all of them. I'm here to tell you, they have rejected Jesus Christ. Amen. They have turned him down. And that's putting it mildly. Let me put it the way that brother Bannon put it. He says, "I indict this clergy, this bunch of preachers, these bunch of churches, I indict them for the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ, they have crucified the effects of the word by taking their man-made creeds and their dogmas." Why do you think when God used brother B, he thought that everybody should believe it, everybody should come to it and he rejected and rejected and didn't want it anymore until he just wanted to go up in the mountains and come out whenever God has something for him to say. He got discouraged with people because they rejected Christ. And with that rejection comes a penalty. Ain't that right? You're cursed with what? Death. Amen. Not even know it. You can't tell them. They won't hear it. They don't have ears to hear it. How many's glad that God has brought us some eyes? He's brought us the baptism of the Holy Ghost so that you could see your condition this morning. You can see whether you're lukewarm or not. Amen. You could see whether you needed some clothes on or not. Amen. You don't have to walk around naked. Amen. You can walk around with the character of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Amen. Not only that, but Revelations 18 takes us to Revelations 4:1. And that is the beginning of the coming out. This is where it starts. Amen. I love Revelations. Remember, here we are in the bride. Now, Revelations 4:1 says, "After this, I looked and behold opened in heaven, and the first voice which I heard was as it were a trumpet saying unto me." Which said, remember John being a type of the believer said, "Come up higher. Come up here. Come up higher." How many believe we got to live higher than Leodysia? Higher than lukewarmness, higher than miserableness, nakedness, not knowing it. No. Come on up here. I want to show you some things. How many know that God by by fornowledge had Malachi 4, the Sabbath angel's message? Amen. The mystery of God should be finished to his servants. Amen. In our case, it's not I will show you things to come, but in our case, it's come up higher and I will show you things that has been. Didn't Butterb say that God has shown us the back part of his mind. God opened by revelations what he did back there. He kept it hid amen until the last hour. Then he shows what he did. We didn't have no idea what these symbols were. We know what all these symbols and these different things were until the prophet of God come along. Hallelujah. I will show you these things which must be hereafter. And immediately I was in the spirit. Didn't brother B preach that when he preached the church ages. He says what did he say going to do? If you want more revelation, if you want more of God, you want more victory. Amen. It's time that you don't go just through the motions. Amen. But get in the spirit. getting in the spirit. How many knows that's what Malachi did? That's how he was going to counteract. Amen. A lukewarm dead church. Amen. He's going to get a people that's got the Holy Ghost. Amen. Got the spirit on them. Amen. Y'all quiet this morning. Amen. That's the truth. Church ages begins to reveal the church ages right there. begin to show how that the devil would come in and show all of his tactics. Brother Bam says me know he used to spar and his and his and and his instructor. Amen. You would look at the enemy and how how he does and how which punch he throws. Amen. You would practice that so that you could counter that and then learn to Amen. As a Christian, we have to have both defense and offense. Amen. When God the devil punches at something, you block it with prayer. Ain't that right? And then give him a right hand. Say, "Get on out of here, devil." We learned his tactics and God and by his help. Amen. Said in the day that the son of man or the son of predition is revealed. I mean believe we living in the hour when that the son of the devil son of predition's been revealed. He was the son of predition. He was the devil's son. Showed us the truth of it all. Amen. Hallelujah. My my how many believe we have need of having our hearts restored back to the faith of the fathers. We had need of restoration. In other words, all of these things that got all scrubbled up, all messed up through the church ages. Amen. So messed up. The Baptist, they had so eternal security. I'm saved. Give me another Budweiser. Might as well have been her. Let me have another smoke. I'm saved. Huh? That's right. Hello. Women up here. Pentecostal women up here in pants and dancing around makeup, cut hair. Hallelujah. That's right. Messed up. Don't have it right. We had a lot of loose ends that God came down and he be to tie them up. In other words, we had a lot of cankerworm and caterpillar and all of these. Amen. They eaten it all the way until it was a layout of sea condition. It was wretched, miserable, fruitless, loveless, cold church. Amen. Me and my wife went to yesterday. My wife got a little happy. You know, my wife gets a little happy sometimes. She's glad for the god thing that God had done. Got the screaming a little. Some message believer turning their head. Who's screaming back there? And I'm like, I had to think about what brother Van says. People think and wondering what's going on here. Well, you don't know what I know what God's done for me. Amen. If you know what God done for me for you, you'd scream a little, too. You'd have a good time. Woo. Now, I think about what God has done in this hour and through the message of the hour. What he's done. Buds, I'm here to tell you that all of hell has let loose. All of hell has come after us. But all of heaven has let loose too. All the angels, there's angels around us looking at the unseen. We know that there's angels around here. They're influencing you. They're trying to anoint you. Amen. To believe God's word that all things are possible. To him that believes, that's what they're doing. Hallelujah. How many believe we've got power? The power of God has been unleashed. Amen. It has been loosed. We're tapping into those untapped resources. Ain't that right? What are those resources? God's word is his resources. I like it. I could preach a message for a long time on chapter 4 verse one. The first four words after this. After this I looked. Afterwards, I looked. Apparently, John didn't have a need, right? He was in the spirit and he looked. That's what we do after this church age. We look. Yes. What do we do? We look up and we hear. He that heareth my voice. Isn't that what that what Leodysia daddy said? If any man hear my voice and open the door, how many believes that it took a looking up that's quite quite something how brother Bam takes in the church age book here and he and he begins to bring in Malachi 4. Another place he was talking about the same subject and begin to how my little eagle story. How many knows that we're in a eagle age? We have caught gotten caught up into an eagle age. That's right. Come on up higher. Hear that voice of God calling. We heard that we were not a chicken anymore. Amen. Come on up. Come up higher. I want to show you something. I'm going to let you tap into some untapped resources that's going to give you power. That's going to give you victory over the devil. over the enemy. Not just victory, not just have to fight for it, but victory that has already been given to us. Free victory. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God is good, isn't he? Amen. We looked and what did we see? First thing we saw was that one sat on the throne. We ain't got to worry about being a trinitarian anymore. Amen. That right. Got shown that this trinity, this uh trinity of a frog, Amen. came back from the Amen. from Catholicis Holy Ghost. Always looking back. They started way back there. It's not three gods. It's one sat on the throne. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Then it says verse 11, it says, "Amen." They speak and all of those four beasts say, "Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for thou has created all things, and for thy pleasure they were and are created." Chapter 5 says, "And I saw in the right hand of of him that sat on the throne a book written within on the backside." Amen. How many know when we come out of that layout of God began to open up the book of the revelation of the seven seals. Amen. The towards the last chap the last few verses of chapter 5, it talks about John. How did he got amen when whenever he saw his name there? How do we see our names? Because the prophet brought to our attention, hey, you realize that Revelation 13 says that all wander after the beast whose name were not written in the book of life from the found of the world. What would we do? I thought, what would you do if you didn't have the invisible union of Christ and the bride? kept in there. He says she has God has come and he has made herself known to her and they are one. Amen. He's even given her the wedding ring of predestination. How many's got on that wedding ring say hey you know I believe that I was predestinated because why he brought another he brought some more. Amen. It's called identification. How many glad for identification? Brother Bam says you got to identify yourself with some Bible character. Amen. And he says what you do with Christ today is what you would have done with him then. How do we see our names when we are identified with that book when we look in here and he says you know what I've accepted what God has done in this day. So I know that I would have been in with him and for him back in that day. It identifies who you are. How many's glad for that? Thank you Lord for identifying. Let me see who I am. I believe my name's on the book because my identity shows that I am. Amen. Praise be to God. And not only that, I love this part here and it's a sermon in itself. He says he saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice. Who is worthy to open the book to loose the seals thereof? No man in heaven or in the earth or under was able to do it? And he wept much because nobody was found worthy to open it, neither look thereon. And one of the elders said unto weep not, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed to open the book and loose the seals. Amen. And I beheld and lo, Bram says, he looked. The angel said, the lion has prevailed to open it. Amen. But he looked and he said he saw a lamb. How many knows? We saw that the the lion the lion is the king of the jungle representing God. Whenever he roars, every beetle and every bug shuts up. How many believes we've had the the prophet has spoken? The Bible says, "Amen. Who can but prophesy? The lion has roared. Who can but prophesy?" The God's prophet has spoken. Let everything, every message, preachure, let him say what he's saying. Let him stay with the word. Let him stay with it. Every man's word is a lie. Everybody, everything shuts up except for one that and listens come subject to that lion. And that lion, the king of kings, the lord of glory, the lion became a sheep. a sheep. Isn't that right? From the most ferocious lion of the jungle. How many knows they'll attract attack a giraffe, a hippopotamus? They'll get up on top of him and chew on his hard skin. Them guys are nuts. Yeah. They don't they don't know defeat. They don't know that, you know, they could get hurt. They do get hurt. They get killed. Fearless lion. That's right. But this lion became a lamb. And I truly believe that in the breach, I believe it is in the breach, brother talked about this lamb, a bloody lamb. We realize that he was worthy. It's here that we find that he was worthy of glory, honor, power, strength, that all of that, any kind of glory belongs to him. We saw the true picture of salvation, the true picture of what he did and how much he loved us. Amen. God begins to open it up, calls us out. Come out of there. Amen. Shows us this picture. Amen. I to just go down this road for a minute. I wrote down here, "What if you didn't believe in Malachi 4? Think about it. You'd still be stuck in Leadsia. In order to be there, you have to actually reject Christ. How terrible it would be to reject Jesus Christ. How many knows that when you introduce the message of the hour to people, you're actually introducing Jesus Christ and what he did this day? You really are. Amen. Because there's no difference between Jesus and the message of the hour. No, it is Jesus. Brother Bram said this message is Christ. It is Christ. Because if it wasn't, then it was brother Brandham and we're following another man. But it wasn't brother Brandham. It was God speaking through his prophet. Amen. Without that, you'd have no message called as the eagle sareth her nest. We'd still be stuck in a barnyard under some man-made system. But aren't you glad that you heard that great as the eagle seareth us? Amen. You'd have no choosing of a bride. How many knows God is choosing his bride and it's not going to be some adulteress. There be no invisible union. And as I said earlier, you'd have no wedding ring. You would be not engaged and married to Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Think about this. How many knows he talks about in the rising of the sun, he talks about how that the church is, Amen. focusing perhaps too much on the mechanics and not the dynamics. I was thinking this because I've got the quote here where he talks about and I'm not going to read it. I'm just going to say it, but he says, you know, what good does it do to have, you know, shine the hubs and polish the wheels and amen put armor all on the tires as we were supposed to be and and shine the chrome up, you know, and make it all look plush, you know, deer skin seat splitter bam said all of this. Amen. If you don't have any dynamics, but I thought, you know what? We do have that Cadillac. We do have a car with spud studs. We have the gold of God. We have the diamonds of God. We have the car. We have the mechanics. We've got conduct, order, and doctrine. The church has been set in order. The mechanics are put together. We come half an hour early. We come to church the way that God said to do. But we've also got the dynamics. How many believe you wouldn't have dynamic? You wouldn't know about the dynamic power of the Holy Ghost if you didn't have the message of the hour. Praise the Lord. Amen. Be in bad shape, wouldn't we? We ain't got to have no sputtering. Better Bam says, you know, you know, people getting all their carbon, their motors are getting carboned up because they got too much water in their gas, too much man-made doctrines into there. That's why it just sputters. When you come out here to this little hill, that car to get the deacons help push you up over the hill cuz the motor just doesn't have hardly enough power to get up over the hill. Hello. But as I've often demonstrated, man, we like all 16 cylinders to fire. Amen. We we get that engine going like the Indie 5 and a half. Let it be. Oh, hallelujah. Whenever we get the church, Amen. Let it be like the India 500. Start your engines. And guess what, brother Joe? They fired him up and it sound like thunder. No doubt. I don't watch it and see it, but no doubt. But it roars. Amen. That's why church whenever the power of God is surging it might get a little noisy. Amen. People begin to roar cuz I'm here to tell you with all of God what he has done for us all the things that he has done for knowing that he is the one that's leading. He is the one that's willing to provide. He's going to lead us through whatever you have need of in the future. He's going to lead us through. And we ought to bring a praise in our hearts and our lives like never before. That's right. It ought to it brought a praise. Malachi 4 brought a praise, a worship. It did in John. Amen. Amen. He said, "Man, everything in the earth and under the earth, and everybody else heard me screaming, I can't help but over in the jungles of Africa, Brother Troy, no doubt. But go over there in some of them meetings. You go over there in that anointing under the anointing of the eagle. No doubt. But them jungles and their people are worshiping him." Amen. And those people here under the earth, around the earth, whether it's in the ocean. Amen. People that believe God. Amen. No doubt. Maybe in a submarine somewhere, maybe there's a message believer that reads something and he says, "Woo, glory." Some of them people in the depth of the earth are going to hear. Amen. The real believers worshiping God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Like that man and the old old geyser. Old man. Old man had a Amen. He loved the Lord. And his granddaughter was a little prissy and she was going to have her prissy little girls over. She wanted to have a little tea party. She said, "Now, papa, I'm going to put you up in the attic, okay? And I'm going to give you a National Geographics book. All right? Cuz don't take your Bible up there. We don't want to hear a bunch of this out of the other." And anyway, he went up there and Amen. He got to looking through these National Geographics. There they were having a little tea party from what I understand. Pretty close to the story. Ain't that right? And all of a sudden he come across there and that there and he says you know there's a part of the ocean that's so deep that they can't even find the body. What's going on up in the lake? Why? Amen. In the sea of his forgetfulness. That's where my sins are. They're so far down there. No fishing net. A song gone in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that we have got a message? Amen. that has brought us and made us the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. This message is the clothing that we're going to wear when he comes. That's how important this message is. Invisible union. All of these messages. Amen. Let's wear them. Say, "God, let me be clothed with him." Amen. Praise be to God. God is good, isn't he? Hallelujah. He sure is. We're glad for what God's done in our generation and is doing presently in a group of people in you and in me. Amen. Had the message prophet of God preach a message possessing the gates of the enemy after a trial. Amen. Brother Brandham he said you know sometimes we pray for ease. Lord, let me have comfort and let me have ease and let me have it nice. But he says he'll give you the best thing that he could possibly give you. That's a trial. A test. Ain't that right? Amen. I'm here to tell you, eating that peach cobbler and that peach pie and all of that stuff, you know, that that doesn't give you a whole lot of muscle and energy. Hello. It may taste sweet and be good, but it's those trials. It's those hard times that really mold you and make you Amen. How many believes that? I'm so glad that God has helped us and he's teaching us how to walk, how to talk, how to act. Amen. And we won't get into it. I'll just mention it. But how many remembers brother Bam says the gold that God is looking for is a Christlike character. You came naked into this world. Leosia is naked. Is that right? And we were naked, but we're not going to leave here naked. That's right. Nope. God's going to see to it that we have got some clothes on and that clothing is a Christlike character molded in the fiery furnace of affliction. Amen. To teach us whether it's going good or whether it ain't going good. Whether you're in a valley or whether you're in a mountain, I praise the Lord anyway. Ain't that right? Amen. God bless you this morning. Let's stand. musicians if you'll come. They're coming. No rising of the sun. There would be no statue of a perfect man. There would be no total deliverance. You'd still be halfway. I mean, remember brother saying that, you know, Christians are sometimes halfway. Preachers can be halfway, but God don't make them that way. It's their own way that gets mixed up in it. Amen. So, we need a total of deliverance, not just halfway. Wouldn't have thirsting for life. You wouldn't understand why you'd have that thirst and how did every man has it. Amen. Ever since the fall and that Holy Spirit left Adam, there was always that void. But guess what? How many knows you can have that thirst filled? Amen. We don't have to have broken Smiths anymore. We've got this artisian well. Amen. Praise the Lord. What is the attraction on the mountain? How about the token? How many's glad for the token? Amen. And if you want to go in the rapture, he says, "You've got to lay aside everything else until it's a literal life of Jesus Christ in your heart." It's the clothing we need. Amen. Whatever you lay aside, listen, must have the chip, the future home, the psing, the enemy's gates, and many other things. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we bow our heads in humility, knowing, Father, that you're in our hearts and in our lives, working and doing out, Father, what your good will is, Lord. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, that you have not left us in Leadsia, Lord, to have to be cursed, Lord, with emptiness in our hearts, no God to lead us, no leadership of the Holy Spirit in our lives, selfish, living just for the pleasures of life. Lord, thank you for your deliverance, Lord Jesus. We ask God, each one in here, Father, that we would take advantage, full advantage, Lord Jesus, of that deliverance that you have brought, the answer that you have given to the devil and all of his imps that's come out of the the lids of hell. Father, you've given the answer, and that is the full word of God. You've let us know what you have thought of, what your plan was from the very beginning, and how that we were and are a part of that plan. That's why we love to come to church. That's why we love to pray. That's why we try to listen to your word every chance we get. Talk to you on a daily basis, Lord Jesus. We ask God, continue to lead your people. Continue to lead your church this morning, by your spirit. We're thankful God for the great eagle that you have sent our way, Lord, to pick us out of there, to take us out of that denomination, out of that layout of sea condition, Father. We thank you, Lord Jesus. And we just ask, God, you'd continue to lead and guide us in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. You love the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Brother David, thou art worthy, oh Lord. Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, gloryy, and honor. glory and honor and power. For thou has created all things created. Thou has created all things. and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Let's sing it again if we could. Oh, and thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, glory and honor. and honor and power. For thou hast created, has all things created. Thou has created all things. And for our flesh, they [Music] are a wonderful. Amen. He's worthy, isn't he? You know that song after all? And and after all this life is over and my burdens have been lifted and we stand upon the mountain top so tall. Oh, looking over in the city. Oh, that the Savior has preparing. Gives grace that I can make it after all. Oh, after all this life is over and our burdens have been lifted and we stand upon the mountain top so tall. Oh, looking over the city that the Savior is preparing. Gives me strength that I can make it after all will be, won't it? Amen. God bless you. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord this morning and we just appreciate each and everyone that's here this morning and and uh I I failed to do it this morning earlier, but we only have one veteran this morning. Brother Glenn's not here and Brother Sean's not here, but want to give honor to our veterans for the, you know, that we got to be born in a great country. A great country. And we're thankful. We know it's not what it used to be, but we're thankful that God chose us to be here and to hear the message of the hour. Let's give the veterans a hand this morning before we go. Amen. God bless you, Brother Brian and Brother Glenn. Amen. And you know what? All of us are veterans this morning because we're in a spiritual warfare this morning. Amen. God bless you as you go remember this service uh Wednesday night. You thought of that, too. Keep on the firing line. God bless you as you go. Well, if you're in the battle for the good ride or keep on the firing [Music] line, my brother, surely you
