################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Bro. Brad Powell • 41625 • The Keys to the Kingdom - Brad Powell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-17
Title:    Bro. Brad Powell • 4/16/25 • The Keys to the Kingdom
Speaker:  Brad Powell
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhSV3tyGBNU
========================================

Description:
Bro. Brad Powell • 4/16/25 • The Keys to the Kingdom
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you [Music] do you Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Doo. [Music] Do you [Music] [Applause] [Music] me. Goodbye. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] in his presence daily live. Oh, I surrender all. Jesus, I surrender all. [Music] Oh, and to thee my blessed Savior. Oh, I surrender all. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Oh, I surrender all. And Jesus I [Music] surrender all. Oh all to thee my blessed savior I sder all. Amen. We welcome everybody this evening to the house of the Lord. It's good to be here. Amen. Let's stand this evening. Let's sing. He brought me out of the miry clay. Well, my heart was distressed Jehovah's dread and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden day. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My step were established. And here I'll abide. No danger of falling while here I remain but stand until the crown I gain. For he brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song. It was a new song of praise. My day and my night, it sweet notes will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. Praise my redeemer who has rescued me. For he brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me and I'll praise him till men shall see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad until many shall hear the truth and trust in God. For he brought me out of my ref. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll tell of the pit with its gloom and despair. And I'll praise the dear father who answered my prayer. I'll sing my new song, the glass story of love. Then join in the chorus with the saints above singing. He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. And let's sing. When I sing, when I see the blood, I'll pass over you. Christ our redeemer died on the cross and died for the sinner who paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass I will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. and chiefest of sinners. Jesus will save. As he has promised, that will he do. Wash in the fountain. Open for sin and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I will see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. And judgement is coming. All will be there. Each one receiving justly his due. Hide in the saving sin cleansing blood. And I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] When I see the blood. When I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. And oh great compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, so faithful and true. Find peace and shelter under the blood and I will pass. I will pass over you when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. What a promise we have. Amen. You may have your seats this evening. And before we go to prayer, can we sing? I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed that you care. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. I'm amazed at how you [Applause] care. And through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. And through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. How many can testify to that this evening? Amen. And we're going to go to prayer at this time. And Amen. Brother Michael John and brother Danny and brother Paul, if you'd just come this evening, take the offering. Amen. We have quite a number of prayer requests this evening. And remember sister Sherry, she's at home tonight. She's taking medicine for a test she needs tomorrow. Remember her. Also, sister Parish has been very sick this week, very weak. We want to continue to remember her. Also, Adriana has been sick every day this week. Pray for strength for her. the Lord would raise her up. Also, a prayer request for Sister Marlene, um Sister Leicia's mom. Uh she went to the emergency room today. She had a small obstruction on her intestines and um the surgeon is going to talk to her tomorrow um about what to do moving forward with that. So, we just pray for good results for that tomorrow. Amen. Brother Steve, would you take these requests for the Lord tonight? Listen to that song. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he [Music] lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone because I know, yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth living just because he lives. Oh, because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. He paid a debt he did not owe. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins embrace. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day he's coming back. And one day he's come back for me to live with him eternally. Oh, to see him on that day. Oh, I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. Let's stand this evening and let's sing how great is our God as we invite brother Brad to come have his liberty this evening. Amen. Who's looking forward to the word? Amen. Sing how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God, name above all names. Oh, for he's the name above all names. He is worthy of our praise. Bless you. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing, how great, how great is our God. Amen. Aren't you thankful for a great big God? He's great in all aspects. Great in all that that you can imagine. He's greater than great. We're going to talk a lot about him tonight. So, we're going to lift him up on high. You know, he comes where he's invited. And we're going to invite him tonight just to come into our presence. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight with humble hearts. Humble as we look at the message that we've studied, you've laid on our hearts for the last several days or weeks even. And we just trust, Lord, that you would allow me to step myself out of the way and just that you would just step into the shoe leather of man tonight and use my voice, Lord. That you would speak to us tonight, Lord. That you would draw us close to you, Lord. That you would just speak the words of life to us, Lord. And and and Lord, that we may manifest more of you, Lord, and and see the the importance of the Holy Spirit and the Holy Ghost and all that you are in our lives, Lord. May we constantly keep you first in our life. We just want to give you honor, praise, and glory. We we just want to just lift those up that we had prayer for already in the the the for the prayer request and we was able to hear in the back and some real important needs and some real serious situations could be. But Lord, we know that you're a miracle working God. and we just hold the and lift the people up before you that have a need in their in their bodies, Lord. That you would just go down and physically touch them and be the great physician tonight. We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts and just ask that you would have preeminence. That all that we say and all that we do would be under your orchestration. That you would be the great conductor and that it would be pleasing to your ears and that Lord that it would just be uh to lift you up and to glorify you for what you've done in our life. We love you Lord and give you honor, praise and glory during this Easter season in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord tonight and just got uh got a lot of things on the plate here and so we want to get right into the word if we could. And if you'd like to turn over into uh First Peter, we'll get started there in First Peter and chapter 2 and we'll read verses 1-6. And I've got another scripture we want to read that goes along with this, but we uh we don't want to keep you standing that long to tonight. I want to speak, it's been a little thought on my heart for quite a quite a while, couple of weeks or more. And and I and um we just want to speak on the keys of the kingdom. The keys of the kingdom. So second chapter of first Peter and verse one. Wherefore laying aside all malice and all gile and hypocrisies and envys and all evil speakings as newborn babes desire sincere milk of the word that they may grow by thereby. Aren't you thankful for that? You have a desire in your life for the word. Amen. If ye if if so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious to whom coming as unto a living stone disallowed indeed of men but chosen of God and precious. Ye also as lively stones are built up a spiritual house a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, behold, I lay in Zion the chief cornerstone, elect, precious, that he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. You may have your seats tonight and the Lord add his blessings to the reading of the word. And as we read here and we look and we we can look at this and we can see that Peter here by his own testimony, he don't see himself as the rock on which the church was founded. You know, the Catholics, they try to make Peter the rock, and the Protestants make Jesus the rock and so to speak. And brother Brandham said they may be right on that, but I tend to lean a little different on their thinking. But Peter here doesn't say that he is the rock on what the church is founded. But he says that he's a living stone. He says Jesus is the cornerstone. So we could look at this and we could say that Peter was the first believer. Peter was the first rock of many rocks to follow. How many tonight can say, "I'm thankful I'm a rock of Jesus Christ." And so Peter here, we look at this and he's talking about coming to him and and as a living stone rejected by men, chosen of God and precious, and you as living stones being built up a spiritual house, a holy priesthood. So God is working on us. God is building. And we look and we see that God is constantly in the building business. God is constantly building and forming and he's building upon a foundation that he set long before. And I want to read this quote. It's one of my favorites and and I've read it many times, but it just stands out to me so so perfect in this message. Brother Bham says that God was unfolding himself now down into let us make man which was his son an offspring from him in our own image. He was a supernatural being and he let him have dominion over the cels of the field and so forth. He says now the man led the cattle in everything just like the Holy Spirit leads the true believer today. So God is in the very beginning in the building business and he is beginning to begin and to create and to lead and he wants people to follow. So here we are. Listen to what he says. He said the voice of man talking about the the spirit voice. He the voice of man could speak and call cattle this way. Cattle come over here. Wouldn't it just be nice if it was that simple, brother John? No. We have to get switches. We have to get whips. We have to get four-wheers. We run them over. We push them through gates. Anything we can do to get them to go where we want to go. But that man, he said that he could say, "Cattle be here. Sheep be here. Fish be here." Can you imagine going and saying, "I want this pond stocked with fish. Come out of this pond and go into this pond." This is the power that God had in the foundation in the very beginning. And he said, "God formed man and everything obeyed him. He said he formed man out of the dust of the earth and he put a supernatural spirit in. He said I can see Adam standing there and I can see him standing like a tree. You've heard it. How many's heard it? I can see Adam standing like a tree. God had made him. He said he was as dead as he could be, but his toes were like the roots sticking into the ground. God's got a foundation. God will always have a foundation, something that can be built upon, something that we can look at and say, "This is where it started. This is how it grows. This is how we get better and stronger and more into the depth of the word of God." And so, here is Adam now with this foundation, his toes rooted into the ground. You know, it wasn't Adam that fell. Had to throw that in there. Some of you looking at me kind like a cow looking at a new gate. But his toes were rooted into the ground with a foundation that God had placed him upon. And he says, God said, "Let there be." And he breathed the breath of life into him. And Adam jumped. And he said from right then he began to move on and on and on. That was Adam. And God was building a foundation. Let me tell you brothers and sisters, God will always have a foundation. What was happening? God was building. God was moving. God was creating a kingdom in his own likeness. The very mind of God begin to come into the desires of his mind were being manifested in the Garden of Eden in a man called Adam built upon a foundation. I like how God does everything on a foundation. You say, "I thought we was talking about keys." We are, but we got to get the foundation. And he's built upon a foundation. So, in the very beginning, Adam with his roots in the his toes like roots into the ground, standing as a found as a man on a foundation. We have a foundation that we stand upon. Our foundation tonight is the word of God. It's the infallible word of God that cannot be shaken. It cannot be destroyed. It cannot be defeated. That's why we sing the song on Christ the solid rock we stand. All other ground is what? Sinking sand. Let me read you this. I come across this when I was studying. Everything that God has is built on a foundation. Everything that Satan has, not so much. Anything that that that Satan has generally and always will fall. And the prophet says when he was about, he's telling the story when he was about 14 years old. And he's telling the story where he was out with one of his buddies. I think he was about 14. And his the gun misfired, his friend's gun misfired, shot him in both legs. He said it was a horrendous accident. And he said he laid in the hospital bed for days and there was nothing they could do but just take towels and soop up the blood underneath him. He said he thought it was going to be the end of him. And he said he laid there. He said they used so much ether to try to put him asleep. He said when he and it wouldn't work. And he said at that time they didn't have a lot of medicines. that he was gripping a hold of a man's arm so strong as they were picking and cutting with scissors the the flesh off of his legs with no anesthetics. And he said he he they had to pry his fingers off of that man's wrist. And he said and he laid there one night and he went unconscious. You know, your body can only tolerate so much t pain until your unconsciousness takes over. And he said he laid there unconscious and he as he was laying there unconscious he said a vision struck me. He said I was so weak I lost all this blood. I thought I was sinking into an endless eternity. He said many of you have heard me tell this before. I was sinking into an endless eternity. He said, "First I thought I was going through like clouds and then through darkness and then I was sinking on down and down and down and the first thing you know I got into the regions of the lost." He said, "I was there and I screamed. There's going to be a lot of screaming there." He said, "I screamed and I looked and there was everything, but there was no foundation to it." He said, "There was no foundation to it and I could never stop falling." Think about that. He said, "I could never stop falling." That's what eternity looked like. I was going to fall. There was no stopping nowhere. That's not the kind of place I'm looking for. I'm looking for something that's built upon a rock. Something that'll stand the test of time. Something that will that will last through the hard times, through the through the down times, through discouraging times. It's that rock called Jesus Christ. It's the Holy Spirit that gets us through these times. If you want to follow along in Matthew chapter 16, I'm going to read there for quite a quite a minute. Matthew chapter 16. 13-2 When Jesus came to the coast of Cesariah Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am they said unto him, some say thou John the Baptist, some say Elias, and others Jeremas and or one of the prophets." So can you imagine the scene here is taking place as Jesus is talking to his disciples and he says who are people saying that I am. Well there's a lot of chatter going on. You know some of them think it's you're John the Baptist. Some think that you're one of the prophets. Maybe Jeremiah or Elias. You maybe you're one of these. You see what was it? They each one had their own ideas and their own way of thinking. You see how our stinking thinking will get in the way of what God's trying to do? Here was Jesus Christ on the scene had done miracle after miracle after miracle and they were expecting a messiah to come but yet they say I don't I think it's maybe this guy. I think it's maybe that. I think it's maybe this or that or telepathy or maybe that's fake. You see? And so here they are. Here they come to him and Jesus says, "But whom say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter, put me back on. There you go. Thank you, Carson. And and Simon Peter answered and said, "Well, thou art the Christ." Do you realize this is the first time that Jesus had been recognized? Out of all he had done, out of the miracles, this is the first time that somebody acknowledged who he really was. You are the Christ, the son of the living God. And Jesus says unto him, blessed art thou, Simon. Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah. Why? Because flesh and blood didn't tell you this. But you received a revelation from the heavens that God Almighty has revealed to you who we are, who he is in the hour that he's standing. Aren't you thankful tonight that God Almighty has revealed to each and every one of us who we are in this hour and what Jesus is doing in this hour? Peter had gotten a revelation, brothers and sisters. He had gotten a revelation. Peter was looking through spiritual eyes. He wasn't just looking through a book. He wasn't just trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together, but he was looking through spiritual eyes. He had seen miracles taking place. He had seen a a revelation of what it meant to walk on water. He had seen and witnessed what it was like when Jesus took five loaves and two fishes. And he took it and he broke it and he bled looked up to the heavens and blessed it and fed up a multitude of almost 20,000 people. You say that's a miracle. Let me tell you the miracle. They were satisfied and they took up 12 baskets of leftovers. God don't cut nothing short. Peter knew what it was like when he looked and he he witnessed the the boat being tossed to and fro and up and down and fearing for their life. And he knew what it was when he saw a man step up on the bow of the ship and said, "Peace, be still." And the water turned to glass. And I say also unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and I will give unto thee the keys, the keys, the keys of the kingdom. He didn't look at him and say, "Peter, you're a pretty good fella, so I'm going to build my church upon you." When he looked at him, he began to look at him and he says, "Peter, you've recognized who I am. Do you see that?" And he tells Peter, "Because you have the revelation of who I am, the rock of which the church will be built upon. Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." You want to talk about a scripture that has confounded and confused and has been misrepresented and mispreached across the world. This is one of them. Some of you know what I'm talking about. Some of you should be saying, "Amen." It doesn't mean that Peter could do whatever he wanted to do. It doesn't mean that whatever Peter said went. It doesn't mean that whatever rules he made or said that because that's what binding and loosening is. The the Pharisees would say, "Oh, we'll bind you with this or we'll loose you of that." One of the examples I seen, and I didn't put it in my notes, but I'll share it with you. One of the examples I seen is if a dog dies in your house, your house is filthy. You're bound by that. So then the priest would say, if the dog dies outside, your house is clean. You're loosed under those principles. But if the dog dies on the porch and he's facing the house, now what do we do? You see what I'm saying? This is creeds and traditions. That's not the way Jesus works. But what the scripture is telling us is that Peter, because you have had a real revelation from God and you understand the spirit moving amongst us when I g you the keys of the kingdom which is the Holy Spirit and you take the Holy Spirit, the anointing of the Holy Spirit and you preach and you preach the word of God and you preach it in its entirety and you preach it truth just like the preachers, the ministers, the Holy Ghost men of God today and our prophet did. They will be loosed or bound based upon the words you preach. That's the that's that's where we're at. It doesn't mean that I can say, "Well, Uncle Joe uh Uncle Uncle Bobby Joe was a good guy, so I'm going to put him in heaven." Or, "Man, I sure don't like him. You know, he run over my dog one time. I about about kill my dog. He's out." Uh-uh. It don't work that way. But he's telling him a and as this goes on, Jesus then takes charge and he tells his disciples, "Don't tell anybody who I am. Don't tell anybody who I am." But it says, "From that time forth, Jesus begin to show unto his disciples how that he must go into Jerusalem and suffer the things from the chief priests and the scribes, how he's going to have to be killed, but then he's going to raise again on the third day. Now you watch this patriarch Peter here. Peter looks at him and took him and he rebuked him and said, "Be it far from thee, Lord. This shall be unto thee. This shall not be unto thee." And what did Jesus did? He he turned around as as he could and looked at Peter and he said, "Peter, get thee behind me, Satan. You mean this is the guy who just had extreme spiritual revelation? Do you see why you can't build on the foundation like that? Do you see how the church world got it wrong? But here and now Peter, Jesus looks at him and says, "Get thee behind me, Satan. Thou are an offense to me. For thou savorest not the things of God, but the things of men." So now, oh, Peter's done got in the flesh. What happened to his spiritual eyes? What happens sometimes to our spiritual eyes? Sometimes we can be so spiritual, but then the next little thing just sets us off and puts us over the edge. Do you see why it's important that we have the keys to the kingdom? We think about the keys of the kingdom and we look and we think of a key. We look at it and we think this is an instrument. This is a tool that is used to open a lock. And we think about that and and if something is locked up, it must have great value. Wouldn't you think, Paul? If you if you take the time to lock something up, it must mean something to you. It must be significant. It must it must have a great value or it's an item of importance in the eyes of the beholder of the key. And Jesus is talking about giving Peter the keys. to the kingdom. We lock up our houses. We put our valuable documents in a lock box. We put our money, our jewelry, our guns in a locked safe. And we only give a copy of that key to the people we trust the most. You know, I've had people ask, "I need to get in your house. What's What's a combination get in your house? Uh, I don't know. I can't remember. I just went blank. Selective memory. I'm just kidding. But, you know, sometimes people want these things. Who wouldn't want the keys to the kingdom? Who would not want to know everything that is the hidden treasures that Jesus Christ himself has hidden back away into the heavens? This key, brothers and sisters, it has to be put into the hands of somebody that God can trust. You and I as individuals, as believers, God has to be able to trust you. God has to be able to trust me. When God hands the the the written word to any minister, any man of God, he has to be able to trust that he will take that word and he will diligently go through it and he will seek seek exactly the way the spirit wants to move. When God calls a song leader, Don't think I don't take note every time songs are sang before I come out. The first song Brother Josh sang tonight was about a rock. You probably didn't pick up on that, but I did because I want to make sure that I'm in tune and I'm in channel with what the what the Lord is trying to move. But here this key Jesus is telling Peter, you've got I've got something. I'm going to give you the keys of the kingdom. And I've got something that is of great value locked away here. And I'm going to put this keys and and because I trust you, Peter, because I trust you more than anybody else. You see, Jesus saw something special in the life of Peter. He saw something that the other disciples didn't have at that time. Because when he asked, "Who do you say that I am?" It was who spoke up. Peter spoke up and said, "You are the Christ, the son of the God, the son of the living God. You're Jesus Christ. There's no doubt in my mind. But as much as Jesus loved Peter and spoke highly of Peter, when Jesus spoke of the rock, he wasn't referring to Peter as the foundation. He wasn't looking as Peter as the foundation, but he said, "Peter, I I I this has been revealed to you that I am the rock of revelation." That's right. It was the revelation of Jesus Christ that Peter had in his mind. And I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. You know, if people could only realize who Jesus Christ is tonight, the gates of hell can't prevail against anything in your life. But it takes recognizing who Jesus is. You know, Peter was a little bit shaky. He couldn't have been the foundation because he was up and down. He was kind of in and out. I mean, wasn't he the one that cut off the guard's ear right before Jesus got taken away to the garden? I don't believe that was the key that done that. I don't believe that was the key to the kingdom. Listen to what the prophet says. And upon this rock I'll build my church. the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. He says it's the divine revelation of who Jesus Christ is. Upon that solid rock, Christ builds his church and the gates of hell will never prevail against it. Listen now. when that direct revelation comes from heaven that Christ is your emancipator that when he has become your savior that when he's become your deliverer can we add to it I I I looked up I want to know what all I could find on Jesus Christ when he becomes your advocate when he becomes your almighty the alpha the omega the amen the arm of the lord the author and finisher of our faith how many more do you want. He's the beloved son, the blessed and the only. Uh the the branch, the bread of life, the captain of salvation, the chief shepherd, the cornerstone, the counselor, the creator, the deliverer, and I'm skipping over about half of them. The everlasting father, the faithful witness, the first begotten, the forerunner, the glory of the Lord, the good shepherd, the governor, the great high priest. This is Jesus. This is the keys. These are the keys that we have. These are the keys that he holds and he wants to give to us. He wants to be all of this and more to us this hour. He's the holy one, the horn of salvation. The I am. Who do you say I am? I am. Just tell him I am coming. Come on, Moses. Who is who you sending you? The I am is sending me. Who do you stand for tonight? The I am. How do you How do you know you're healed? Because the I am said I was. How do you know you're delivered? Because the I am said I was. How do you know you're set free? Because the emancipator set me free. [Music] [Applause] He said, "But when he becomes your deliverer and that is anchored in your heart, all of the devils and torment will never make you deny it." That's right. People can pull your eye teeth out, but you will not deny Jesus Christ. When you come face to face and eye to eye and you know him as your savior and you know him as the rock upon what you stand upon, nothing can ever make you turn from it. Nothing can ever make you deny it. That's the key. Jesus is the key. If Jesus is all of that and more, what holds us back? What holds us back? You want to know what the prophet said? He said, "What holds us back is we got too our minds on too many things in the world." We wasn't thinking about emancipator and deliverer and son of God and first and last and alpha omega, the counselor, the prince of peace, the king of kings, lord of lords. We're thinking about work. He says, "We're thinking about the things of life." He says, "We we thinking about the the if we could just throw these things out of our mind, but we're thinking about what we'll do next week. Will I have a job tomorrow? Will this be or that be?" And he said, "Those things are in the hands of God anyway. Think on Christ." Listen to what he says. You want to know why it's important that our minds are on Christ? He said, "If we could throw the things of the world off our mind and think on Christ and his soon coming, there'd be more revelations and power in the church." How many wants to see a power working wonder God in our church? That's our desire. We want to see God in action and God moving amongst us. So get the things of the world off our mind. And I got to thinking about this. I thought, how could I apply this in the scripture? And I got to thinking about blind Barameus. I felt for that guy for years. What was it? 40 years. He sits at the gate blind, poor, and afflicted. This man is sitting there with no hope. But you know what the prophet said about him? Listen to this. He said, "But he was thinking the right kind of thoughts." In our minds, we're thinking he's thinking poor pitiful me. No, that's not what the prophet said. He said he was thinking the right kind of thoughts. He said he was thinking the right kind of thoughts. And by thinking those, listen, when he's thinking the thoughts of Jesus, he's then holding a key. He's holding a key that opens a door somewhere. He's just waiting for the door to reveal itself. and he's thinking on these thoughts and he's holding this key and just about the time he's thinking these thoughts, little children begin to run by and he said the children are screaming and they're making noise and people are hollering. They're saying hosana. And others are hollering and mocking Jesus and they're saying you holy roller, you raised Lazarus from the dead. We've got a whole graveyard full. Why don't you raise all of them? Can you imagine? Can you imagine Jesus Christ walking through the streets today and people saying that to him? They're doing it. They're doing it in our schools. They're doing it in our government. They're doing it all around our our jobs. They're making a mockery of Jesus Christ. But we hold the key. Amen. An old blind Barameus says, "Who is that passing by?" Can you imagine him sitting there blind and hearing the noise and the chaos? Just shut your eyes and imagine as you hear the screams of hosana and all this actions taking place and kids and they're running about. They say, "Oh, he's the he says he's the he's the the the deliverer. He's the healer." who is passing by? Somebody please tell me who's passing by? And the prophet said he couldn't get any consideration from nobody. And he's just wondering, please somebody tell me, somebody help me, tell me who's passing by. And this goes on and on. He said, until finally a kind little lady stepped down and said, sir, have you ever heard of Jesus of Nazareth? Thank God for a kind little lady. Sir, have you ever heard of Jesus of Nazareth? And Vine Bara said, "No, who is Jesus of Nazareth?" And she said, "He's that Galilean prophet and he does great miracles and signs. He could be the Messiah." Some people thinks he is. and blind Barnameus the prophet remember he said he was thinking the right kind of thoughts and he's sitting there and in his mind scriptures begin to come back from his childhood and as he's thinking on these thoughts in his mind his heart goes back to when he was a little boy and he goes back and it it seemed that those scriptures begin to press right up against him and the prophet said when a man's in need And if you feel you're in need of Christ tonight, everything you've ever heard about him will come right forward. Have you ever noticed that? That if you go into you have something in your life that's going on, something that's out of cater or you you feel like you need you need God and you just get alone. You begin to dwell and you begin to think on Christ and little by little things begin to unfold right before your eyes and he presents himself as whatever the need is that you have in that hour. God, you may not needed an extra dollar for 40 years and you're behind on a bill and you'll find a $100 bill laying in the yard. thinking the right kind of thoughts and Barnameus is thinking all the time on those teachings and he's thinking Jehovah a mighty deliverer and he said it sprung to him and what was it he said he had a need and he rose to his feet and he rose to his feet and he screamed oh Jesus thou son of David have mercy on me and he screamed no doubt in the middle of as loud as he stood in the middle of the streets and the prophet said physically there was no way for Jesus to hear him. 40 to 50 yards away and he's blind screaming into the city. Jesus, thy son of David, have mercy on me. I can't see to fall on deaf ears and he's yelling and people start throwing overright fruit at him, but he's thinking the right kind of thoughts and they begin to throw rotten fruit at him and and they begin to to physically Ally yell back at him. Shut up. Shut up. Who what are you doing? Who do you think you are? Keep quiet. You're getting everybody excited. Keep still. Ain't that what the devil wants you to do? When you have a need in your life and you're crying out to God and the devil tells you, "Shut up. He don't hear you anyway." But that's not what the prophet said. You see, brothers and sisters, he leaned back on his childhood teaching and he began to thank Jehovah. Jehovah is a deliverer. And if this person is the Messiah, he's the right person that can help me. He had a key, brothers and sisters. And he had that key. And when he was fixing to stick that key in the door and turn the key because he had the key that could open blinded eyes. All along he had everything he needed. He just needed to find the door. Yeahise. Everything we have need of in life, God has already placed on the inside of us. We just need the revealed door of the hour to turn the key and open the door. Jesus, he says, listen, Jesus, if he is the son of God, has raised from the dead, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we've got a right to ask for help. That whatsoever thing you desire, if you pray, believe and you receive it and you shall have it. We've got a right to ask for it. That's the teachings of the Bible. We have a right to it. Blind Barnameus is screaming. And Jesus prophet says with his head back walking. He's walking down the streets. The priests are screaming at him. They're making fun of him. People are crying hosana as the whole burdens of the world are upon his shoulders. Think about this. The burdens of the entire world are dependent upon Jesus at this hour. You want to you ever had a burden? You get in a zone and you're just thinking all you can think and and you're zoned out on everything else around you and you're thinking about that one obstacle. You're thinking about that one challenge that lays ahead. You're thinking about that surgery that's coming up. You're thinking about that lost loved one. You're thinking about that child that's gone astray. And you got a tunnel vision. Here is Jesus got the weight of the world on his shoulders and he's now in tunnel vision. But Barnameus has a sincere heart. He's thinking on the thoughts of Jesus. He had the same thing that the woman who touched his garment had. You know, she went to doctors for years, spent every dime that she had till she had no more to spend with a blood issue that would not stop. But it was one touch of the garment. It was one touch. Why? Because she had the sincere heart. the same heart that Barnameus had. And here is Barnameus crying out to Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on him. God, don't let him pass me by. And when he said, God, don't let him pass me by, Jesus stops in his tracks. Amongst a multitude of people screaming and hollering and mocking and making a debauchery of him. His voice, the prophet said, never touched him, but his faith touched him. That's the kind of faith I want in my life. That's the kind of faith I want when I walk and I have a need in my life. I'm going to say, I'm going to believe for it until I stop Jesus in his tracks. That's the kind of touch that Jesus wants to feel from his church. You see, a lot of times we petition to Jesus. Lord, I need I need I I I I if you could I I would like I need. We petition. But the kind of touch that Jesus is looking for is not our voice. He said, "But it's our faith. God, I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm believing. And I'm going to believe for every every single day, for every day I walk, I'm going to believe that you're going to move on the scene in this situation. I've seen it happen over and over and over. I've seen it in this church. I've seen it in others. Just a believing heart trusting. You know, God can't give a key to somebody he don't trust. You got to trust and believe and follow what God has in his life. Thinking back about Peter here, we look Yeah. Let's go back to Peter here. When Jesus was uh sat there and he's speaking to to Peter, what was it that Jesus was telling Peter about the rock? He said, "Peter, I'm going to give you more revelation. And when you get that, I'm going to give you more revelation. And when you get that, I'm going to give you more revelation and more revelation and more revelation in the days to come. Because Jesus then began to open up himself to his disciples. And he began to tell the disciples of what was fixing to happen. That he was on a mission and that the world depended on him. We think we got troubles. We think we got burdens. The entire fate of mankind rested. All of your faults, all of my faults, all the evil things I've ever thought, said, or done, and you and the neighbor and thousands and millions and billions of others who's done, gone on, and are to come rested on the fate and the of the weight of Jesus's shoulders. So brothers and sisters, if we could get a full revelation of who we are and how important we are to Jesus Christ, we hold in our hands the key that unlocks all the treasures of the kingdom of God. You think about it. Jesus is the key that unlocks redemption. Jesus is the key that unlocks drug addiction, alcoholism. He unlocks pornography. He unlocks depression. He unlocks brokenheartedness. He unlocks uh shackles of sin and doubt and fear and anxieties. That's what the keys of the kingdom does. Amen. We don't need to take it for granted. We don't need to take it lightly because brothers and sisters, we don't have to be bound by the shackles of the devil in this hour. Do you realize that? Because we have the revelation of who Jesus Christ is in this hour. We have the revealed word of our day. We're We're years down the road, but it's still the truth. I listened to the tape the other day from 50, 57, 63, but it's still the truth. You say, "Well, people don't recognize it." It's still the truth. I seen where brother Josiah Scott, his family, I think went to Washington DC, they went to the Library of Congress. You know what they found? Still there. It's truth. Still there. The original picture in the Library of Congress in Washington DC. We've got a key. We have a revelation of who Jesus Christ in this hour. And with Christ, all things are possible. And Jesus has now come down in this hour and he's handed over the keys. That's right. This is your key. This is your key. You say, "I need a quote." I got one. Think it I'll be honest. I think it's the first time I've ever read this in my life since I've been reading this message from 16, 17 years old. And I say unto thee, thou art Peter, little rock. I'm the great rock. I'm the cornerstone. But you're the little rock that's placed upon me. The builders chose you. You never chose yourself. The builders chose you. Aren't you thankful that you were chosen before the foundation of the world? Listen to what he says. The angels of God one night were working in a quarry. Have you ever heard this? Raise your hand. Oh, good. We all going to learn a little something. The angels of God one night were working in a quarry and they called you out and you submitted yourself to me and I cut you in my own fashion. I made you the way that I wanted you. I done the sawing. You just stood still. Wouldn't it be nice if we just stand still and let God do the work? And I've placed you now as a little stone to fit in with some other stones to lead that stone. And this stone leads that stone and that stone. And the seammen of love is bringing you together, making my foundation, which I am, to be fitted together with every stone that professes my name and receives this revelation. And may I take this moment to say this, my friend, that the entire church of the living God is built solemnly upon the spiritual revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ. No matter how educated you are, how smart you are, how how smart you may be, or how well you think you know the Bible, Satan knows it a lot better than you do. But only through revelation that God gives you through the Holy Spirit, your tutor revealed to you. He saves you by his grace. Listen to this. Though it would be against it, yet it cannot prevail. Talking about the gates of hell. For when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise a standard against it every time. God honed you. Sent angels down and chose you and honed you out of the stone this morning, this evening. and he cut away the things he didn't like. He said, "I made you what I wanted you to be. I don't want to be nothing in my life that God don't want me to be." I say, "God, keep cutting on me. Keep honing on me. Keep sawing on me. Get the things out of my life that are holding me back." You see, a key does you no good if you don't use it or if you use it in the wrong lock. You ever stuck a key in there, you think it's the right key and you stick it in there and it it won't work and you look at it and you it's rough and you spit on it and Well, I do. I think it's it needs some lubrication or something, you know, and it but if you put the key in the wrong lock, you can turn it all you want. And you know that's what a lot of people I got to thinking that's what a lot of people do around the word around church around message. They have a key. They've been in church their whole life. They've heard the message of the hour. They know the revealed word. But when it comes to them wanting deliverance, they use a key of career. They walk up to the door of deliverance. They walk up to the door of healing and they think hobbies. They have a hobby key. I'm going to do what I want to do on this day. I'm going to do what I want to do Sunday. I'm not going to church. I'm going to do what I want to do. They want all of the benefits, but they're putting the key in the wrong doors. Yeah. Let that one sink in. They want their kids saved and sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost. But career is more important. Huh? If I were to set a locked box in front of you tonight, Michael John, last week he was a quarterback. Today we're going to set a locked box in front of you. Just say right there. Now you say right there. But if I set a lock box in front of you and I said inside that lock box is a,000 pounds of solid gold bars. You what? Say it. I want it. You would want it. Well, I got a key. You'd want the key from me? You mean you wouldn't stick that key in your pocket? You wouldn't, if I handed you this key, you wouldn't just throw that key over in the into the brush or throw it into the trash. You'd be trying everything you could to get that key in there, wouldn't you? You'd be digging. You'd be clawing. Let me see what's on the inside. But why do people do that with God? He's given us the key to the treasures of the kingdom of heaven, but yet we don't use the key. We'll wait to another day. God's I think God was calling at me, but maybe he will next week. I think God was want to deliver somebody, but nobody moved. Let me tell you what you'd do, Michael John. If I told you there was a box there with a,000 pounds of gold and I didn't have a key, you'd gnaw the lock off of it. But we stand nonchalant in front of God and let those things stand between us and the promises of God. He said, "So we hold the key, the faith, the word, every bit of faith that you believe. Don't doubt one speck. You can unlock every door that stands between you and the blessings that God has for you. We move on. Some say thou are John the Baptist. Some say you're Elijah. Some say you're the prophet. But who do you say I am? And Peter says, "Thou art Christ, the son of the living God." and upon this rock, this spiritual revelation of the word, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. And I'll give you the keys. And he says, what? He said, the keys of the kingdom of heaven. What is the kingdom of heaven? The Holy Spirit. That's what he says. He says it's the Holy Spirit. The Bible said the kingdom is within you. And he says that they go there and they're talking about the days of Pentecost on the day of Pentecost. And he says, "Peter, I'm going to give you the keys of the kingdom." In other words, I'm going to give you, Peter, the gift of the Holy Ghost, the most prized possession any Christian could have because the Holy Ghost leads you. The Holy Ghost guides you. The Holy Ghost delivers you. The Holy Ghost frees you from sin. The Holy Ghost makes you do what you're supposed to do and act the way you're supposed to act. It makes you love people the way you're supposed to love people. It makes you treat people the way you're supposed to treat people. And he's telling Peter, I'm going to give you the gift of the Holy Ghost. And the prophet said here was Peter, an uneducated man that couldn't even sign his own name. And he's in one place he said he wouldn't know his name signed if you showed it to him. And he said he stood up on a soapbox and he began to preach under the anointing of the Holy Ghost and he began to tell the people what was going to happen in the days of Jerusalem. And and he began to tell them these men are not drunk like you think they are. But they've got something that God gave them. He gave them a key. He gave them the Holy Ghost. He said he would pour out his spirit on all flesh. And he began to tell them. And the Bible says that they were pricricked in their hearts and they asked him and said, "Man and brethren, what can we do to be saved?" Think about this. What can we do to be saved? This is a question of a door that had never been walked through. This is a door that man had never opened. It had been locked for years and years and years. What can we do to be saved? And I like the way the prophet tells it. Because you remember Jesus trusted Peter. He gave him whatever you bind will be bound. Whatever you loose will be loosed. So under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, Peter could only say what the Holy Ghost would say. Are you with me? So here he is. The prophet says, "Oh, be careful, Peter. You got the keys hanging on now. The first gospel message. Huh? He said as he's standing there where the Holy Ghost had fell its first time and Pet asked Peter, "What can we do to be saved?" And he says that they had been talking about we go be baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. What are you going to do, Peter? You got the keys. And he says, "Peter, look there." And he says, he looks down there and he says, "Peter's got the keys." And he says, "What are you going to do?" God has to recognize it in heaven. What do we do, Peter, to be saved? And he said, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." He said the right things. He said the right things. What did he do? He said he crammed the key into the door and unlocked what people needed in that hour. And whatever he said, it settled it forever. He said, "No person at any time, any place could ever ever contradict it." He said in one place he said when they asked, "What should we do to be saved?" He said, "If Peter would have said stand on your head, that's what it would have taken." You see the power of the key. Oh, he says only if the church could possess the keys. If the church could only possess that key of faith that could unlock any door, any sickness, any plague, any case that there is, if it could be unlocked to us, we could possess that key. Let's go to Jerusalem as we close. Prophet said it was a morning about 8:00. He said, "I hear a noise outside." And he said, "I hear this noise outside. We're we're they're talking and and all this is going on. A bunch of carrying on and a and a hiss and a cry and some mocking. And I pull back the shades to look out. Sometimes I wonder what it would it be like to be in the mind of a prophet. I pulled back the shades to see what was going on. What's going on out there? And look, coming down the street, there's a man and he's got two male factors following him. And on his shoulder, on his back is a cross. And they say that's Jesus of Nazareth, an impostor. He says he's a divine healer, but he's the one that troubles our churches, teaches things that our priests don't believe in. And I I see those big cross going over those cobblestones as he goes out the gate. And it the cross is bumping up and down, up and down on his shoulder as he goes along. And I noticed he had on a robe without a seam and had all these little bitty red dots speckled. He said, ' But as I watch him and he goes towards Calvary, these little dots get bigger and bigger and bigger until it runs into a red ri a big red splotch. It's blood. And he says as he starts up Calvary there, I can hear something going. What is it? It's the second Adam, the redeemer, the blood of the righteous one, bleeding for the sinner to cover up our sins. He said, "And we spit it back to [Music] him. We we wag our heads and said, I'll have my own way. I've got my own religion. I don't have to have that stuff." But without that, you're lost. without hope, without God, without Christ, and a world dying, going to the sinner's grave and a devil's hell without that. But he said, "God made a preparation for you. He could have saved himself." He said, "But I can see him going up that hill, packing that cross, and his little weak body staggering." I think one place he says he couldn't have weighed more than 140 pounds. 135, 140 pounds. And he's packing his cross and I can see under his under his weak body it's staggering as he goes up the hill and you first thing you know it was whirling around him death it was biting at him hard and he's moving up Calvary yonder because he had to. No, he said because love drove him to. Think of it. He saved others. He could not save himself. That's what they said about him. And the prophet said that was a great compliment. He couldn't save himself. Did you ever think of it? He said that he was a father God as a sacrifice. That's the reason that that's that I love that song, brother. When you try to make him just a prophet, he's more than a prophet. He was God manifested in flesh. You say, "Well, that shows his weakness." No, it shows his strength. His strength was being able to refrain from calling down 12 legions of angels. 72,000 angels he could have called on his behalf and said do away with it. 72,000 angels were sitting watching from the banisters of heaven waiting for Jesus to say come. Rid me of this. And all the while his own children screaming for his blood. Now you're you got some we got some fathers and mothers in here. Can you imagine your children screaming for the death of you? That's what they did. They begin to scream, "We want his blood. Away with him. Kill him. Give us Barabbus. Crucify him." And what did he say? Father, forgive them. The greatest key the world has ever known. Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. One was on a cross beside him on the left hand. One was on the cross beside him on the right hand. And one said, "Look at you. You can save others, but you can't save us. If you're the who you say you are, get us down from here. And the other one says, "Listen, it's you. We deserve what we're getting. He has done nothing wrong." You talk about a revelation of the word. At that time, he held in his hands, brothers and sisters, the key to paradise. And he said, "If you will, when you go, remember me in this hour." And Jesus said, "Today, today you've unlocked the door to the kingdom of paradise. You will be with me when I get there." He died between those two malfactors. They put him in a grave and they sealed the grave. I said they sealed the grave. They want to lock it up. They knew enough about him. They knew he was powerful enough that he might just do what he said he was going to do. And so they go to Pilate and they tell him in Matthew chapter 27, they go to Pilot and they say, "Listen here, sir. Remember that deceiver? While he was alive, he said after three days he's going to rise again." He said, "So, so we command therefore that the septic septler be made sure." What's that mean? Lock it down. Make sure that it's sure until the third days. You know, we don't we don't really think he's going to get up, but what if his disciples come and steal him away and they say that he rose? So, make it sure. And Pilate said unto them, I'll give you a watch. You have your watch. Go your way. Make it as sure as can be. And so they went and they made the supplicer sure, sealing the stone and setting watch. Can you imagine this stone weighing 10,000 tons, maybe 10,000 lbs, I don't know. And they pack the clay around it and seal it up so that it cannot be opened. No man, no man in the the greatest strength the deck of man could have could roll that stone away. And they garnish it, he said, with a bunch of soldiers. A 100 men armed around that supplr to make sure nothing would take place. A hundred armed soldiers. I've got a key to the kingdom. I've got a key to the kingdom. And he said, "On down there, here they come. All those religious demons down there to to the to the to uh to to hold him back." And he said, "There he laid in the tomb in body, but in spirit. He's going on down." Now, you remember what we read when brother said he was in the accident. There was no foundation and he was falling and he was falling and there was no bottom to it. And now here we see Jesus going on down into the regions of the demons to the very gates of hell and he knocks on the door. Let me tell you, he didn't go down there and say, "Sir, Mr. Satan, Mr. Satan, could I talk to you for just a minute? If would you mind stepping out on your front porch?" He said, "Open the door. God, I'm on a mission. Open the door. Let me see you face to face. I'm here to meet you. And Satan looks at him and says, "Oh, you've arrived. Have you? I thought I had you when I killed Abel. I thought I had you down through the dark ages. I thought I had you through all these times, but now you're here. And I've got you in my grasp, locked away in a tomb in the regions of the lost. And the prophet said, I could hear him say, "Satan, come here." You know, there's a time when Jesus when God means business. Satan, come here. I'm boss now. I'm boss now. He reaches over and grabs the keys of death, hell, and the grave. Yes. Hallelujah. Now I've got the keys. He says he gives him a swift kick and puts him right back to where he should have been. Kicks him down there. He says, "You've been a bluff long enough. You've got a fake key. You've got a key that don't open anything that helps my people. You're a deceiver. You're a bluff. You're a liar. I've got the keys now." And he puts them on his hip. I've got a key to the kingdom. You've got a key to the kingdom. I'm boss now. But on that Easter morning, he said, but on that Easter morning, it didn't matter how many armies they had garnished when it was time for that word to be fulfilled. when it was time to put that key into the door. When it was time for the tomb to be rolled away, when it was time for him to come up out of the ground and say, "I have conquered death, hell, and the grave." And you've got the mysteries in your hand. You've got a key of the Holy Ghost and the bride of Jesus Christ. Ask what you will and it'll be given. Let's stand to our feet. He said, "I'll suffer not my holy one to see corruption." It had to happen. The key had to open the door. Christ walked out victorious over death, hell, and the grave. The time had come. Let's bow our heads. Musicians, if you'd like to come, Brother Josh. Heavenly Father, just thank you, Lord, for this day, for your blessings. Thank you for the word tonight, Lord. We trust that it's been encouraging and edifying to the body tonight, Lord, that we could gain strength from it, knowing that you've given us all that we have need of in this life. But we just have to be able to to use the the possession of the Holy Ghost. We have to find ourselves before you, faithful and true, dedicated and faithful in this fight and this battle we're in. But with the keys that we have in this kingdom, we can overcome everything that's that Satan puts before us. Every sickness, every every disease, every fault, every every hindrance, everything we have need of is in the keys of the Holy Ghost, in the keys of the kingdom. Lord, Lord, help us to be more than just professors of Christianity, professors of a of a powerful, wonderworking God, but let us be possessors. Possessors that know how to use the keys of the kingdom, that know how to stand upon the word of God, who get into the word and knows that we can stand on the word and as the word goes forth, things have to happen. Just like you said, you could not see corruption set in. So therefore, you had to come out of the tomb. And as we think about on this Easter week, we celebrate Easter. We're so thankful that you had us on your mind. We're so thankful that the key to our redemption was you pouring out your love on our lives, Lord. that though we done so many things that were wrong and evil and mistreated and said things that were bad, done things that were wrong, when you were on the cross, I was on your mind. Thank you, Lord. Lord, help us never to to take for granted what you've done for us. Help us just to take the time of the rest remainder of the week to celebrate what Easter means. It's not a a bunny, a an egg or a pink painted flower or an egg that's been painted and decorated, but it's about a blood that was shed on Calvary. And it's about a blood that your your prophet said that that that is still wed on Calvary. And it's still a it's still a healing blood. It's still a miracle working blood. And it's still a powerful work in blood. So help us to remember that this week and in the months to come. We love you Lord with all of our hearts and give you honor and praise and glory in Jesus name. Amen. Brother Josh, you just want to sing for [Music] us in the name of Jesus. We've got the [Music] power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan [Music] rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in [Music] heaven at the name of Jesus. Oh, Satan has to flee. And we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan [Music] rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And for many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. Oh, but the pride of Jesus, the Lord, we're still alive. And like a mighty army, we keep marching onward, winning every battle cuz the Lord's on our side. We've got the power in the name of [Music] Jesus. We've got the [Music] power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan [Music] rages, we cannot be defeated. For we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Let's sing that second verse one more time. Oh, for many years now, Satan tried to stop us. Oh, but the bride of Jesus, the Lord is still alive. And like a mighty army, we keep marching onward in every battle because the Lord's on our side and we've got the power in the name of Jesus. Jesus, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Do you believe it this evening? Amen. It's been good to be here. Amen. Let's just take that what we heard tonight and apply it to our lives this week and walk in victory. Amen. As we're dismissed this evening, let's sing there is power. Power. Wonder working power. There is power. Power, wonder, working power in the blood. Oh, of the [Music] lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. There is power. I won't. [Music]
