################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 42025 • What Easter Means To Us - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    Pastor Thomas Byler • 4/20/25 • What Easter Means To Us
Speaker:  Thomas Byler
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3UNG6NOryo
========================================

Description:
Pastor Thomas Byler • 4/20/25 • What Easter Means To Us
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] reading a little book here not long ago that on some kind of a a research and in this research I found something most startling. I sat down and I laid the book down and raised up my hands and praised God. Got up and walked around a little bit and sat down and read it again. I thought, "Oh, is that so?" that on this same hill where Jesus was crucified, Adam died and was buried on the same hill that Jesus died on and was buried on the same hill where Adam died. He died at on Goltha and was buried on Golgatha. Now I thought what appropriate whether it was right or wrong, let's say it was right. Then the first Adam died and was buried and buried yet in the dust. Amen. Because he represented the world and the people to sin. But the second Adam being the God of heaven. Amen. When he died on cross there wasn't enough earth to hold him there. He rose on the third day and is alive forever more. Hallelujah. But the sin problem was settled. God settled the sin problem there at Calvary. That's where the debt was paid. When this Adam, second Adam, died, he paid the debt of sin for the human race and the world put him in a tomb and sealed him up in that tomb. And they do the same today. They're trying to do the same today. I don't want you to miss this. The world is trying and will get worse all the time to seal Christ back in a tomb again. They're trying to make him a historical god. One that walked in days and give power to disciples to heal the sick and to cast out devils. But what did they do? As soon as they thought they had got rid of him, just like Cain did when they thought he got rid of Abel, they sealed him in a tomb and put him in there. And today they're trying to keep Christ in a tomb. But oh, what an Easter morning does. An Easter morning ruined all of our theology. And when an Easter morning came for a people, a church here, 1900 years later, it ruled their theology. Praise the Lord. He's not dead. He's alive forever more. They cannot keep him in no tomb. You can put him in a Methodist tomb or a Baptist tomb or a Presbyterian tomb or whatever you want to, but he raised out of that tomb. It is alive today. Hallelujah. Jesus. I had a Baptist tomb and you might have had a Methodist tomb. But one day Jesus rolls from there from a historical god to a living present alive forever more. Hallelujah. Something taking place on that Easter morning. It was a seal, a satisfied seal. When they took him and put him in the tomb and put a Roman seal up on top of it. But when that hour arose, when that hour comes, he stayed there for a while. It's true. He stayed there for those three days and nights. But on that set time, which the scripture said, Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. On the time when he said, "Destroy this body and on the third day I'll rise it up." Amen. And there's nothing can stop that scripture. It's got to come back. Oh, hallelujah. And that seal was broken. Glory. And he rose up. The same Jesus died again forever more. Hallelujah. And for some 1900 years, or maybe I'll say 14 or 1500 years, the churches has had him sealed away. But he said, "It shall come to pass in the last days. There's nothing going to stop there be light in the evening time." Amen. [Applause] The works that I do shall you also, it shall be light in the evening. I don't care how many seals you try to put over it. God will break every seal. All right. He broke the seal of the tomb. He broke the seal of hell. He broke the seal of death. He broke the seal of the grave and arose forever more over the grave, death, hell, tombs and every man thing there was to show that he was God and could not be sealed away from the people anymore. God forever more. Nothing could hold him. The grave couldn't be dug deep enough. Hell couldn't be hot enough. Oh, nothing could hold him. He broke every seal with Easter seal that he was sealed with. And he said, "The same seal that I wear, you shall wear also." For the and this seal that I wear, it shall do the same things. When you're sealed, for he that works I do shall he do also. Even greater than this shall he do, for I go unto the father. How are you going to keep it down? What are you going What can people do about it? You might you're forced to the decision to make your decision what to do about it. That's exactly right. Now we find that he no seal could hold him. He come forth. God broke the seal. The seal of the tomb broke the seal of death. Broke the seal of hell. Broke the seal of the grave and came forth triumph. What did it? That great seal that was on the inside of me. They could destroy the body, but they could never destroy that seal. God gave the church a seal and that can never be destroyed. One destroyed Abel, he raised up faith. When he destroyed one prophet, they raised up another, they kept destroying. But God gave them something that they cannot destroy. It's a supernatural spirit. It's a Holy Ghost itself. That is infallible. It's imperishable. It cannot be destroyed. It'll live on and on and on. And because he lives, we live with him because we're sealed into the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. No way. No way to ever be destroyed, cannot perish, but has eternal life. Amen. God's great ripping of begin to lose its hold. His feet begin to rise. Earth begin to peep through. Beyond that, I will come again, he said, and receive you into myself that where I am, there you may be also. I'm so glad that I can sing that song with a true heart tonight. Living, he loved me. Dying, he saved me. Buried, he carried my sins far away. rising he justified freely forever. Sunday is coming. Oh glorious day. Was reading a little book here not long ago. Morning brothers and sisters. How many of you can say it's good to be a Christian this morning? can say thank you Jesus for all you've done for us. If it wasn't for what happened back then, if it wasn't for Easter morning, none of us would be here this morning. We sure do appreciate that. Maybe brother Brad will open us in prayer this morning. Amen. Certainly good to see everyone looking bright and beautiful this morning on this Easter morning and thankful for what God's done for us. So, let's just go before the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning and celebrating this time of a resurrected savior. And we're thankful this morning, Lord, that you forgive us of where we failed you and where our faults and shortcomings are. And it's by that empty tomb this morning. And Lord, I was thinking and this morning just praying, thankful for the empty tomb. And because of that empty tomb this morning, we can have fullness of life. We can have fullness of healing and fullness of deliverance. And because of an empty tomb, we have a fullness of eternal life, Lord. And we thank you for it, Lord. We just want to take a time today just to lift you up and honor you and just to bring glory to your name this morning as we worship you in spirit and truth. And we ask Lord this morning that you would just we invite you in a special way to come and anoint our pastor this morning that he would speak the words of life to us and that we would just gain liberty to serve you in a greater way. We ask that you be with each musician, the songs sang, and the lessons to be taught and the words read. Lord, we just give you honor, praise, and glory and dedicate this time to you to move in a mighty way. May you find your way up and down the aisles and not only into the aisles, but into the hearts of your people this morning. We love you, Lord, and thank you for all you do in Jesus name. Amen. Children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if we'll go in the scripture, we're going to go uh I usually I like to read Isaiah 53, but it was on the slideshow there. And I think sometimes maybe uh we're going to go to we're going to go to uh Matthew chapter 28. I think sometimes maybe could wear that scripture out, but one thing about God's word is it doesn't wear out. It's just as good today as it was when it was put on paper. And it's just as good today as when it happened on the on the shores of Galilee. So let's go to Matthew 28. We'll just read that whole chapter there. In in the end of the Sabbath and as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepicure. His countenance was like lightning, and his raignment white as snow. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not, ye, for I know that you seek Jesus, which was crucified. Go quickly and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead. Behold, he goeth before you into Galilee. There shall you see him. Lo, I have told you. And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, "All hail." And they came and held him by his feet and worshiped him. Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and showed unto the chief priest all the things that were done, saying, Say ye, his disciples came by night, and stole him away while he slept. So they took the money and did as they were taught. And this saying is commonly reported among the Jews unto this day. When they saw him, they worshiped him, but some doubted. Go, go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen. God bless you. May be seated, Brother Brian. Even unto the end of the world. And I believe we're here this morning at the end of the world. He's still with us. Morning, brothers and sisters. So, you know, how do you top that when brother Brandham was speaking before you come up and teach Sunday school? You've always heard me say before, I'm just a man. I can't play scripture. All I can tell you is what the revealed messenger of the hour has said and what God's word says. You know, I don't have my own personal opinion or my own idea in it. I'm not I was about to say I'm not going to say it, but if you would turn with me, I don't I'm not going to be up here very long this morning, but I was, you know, they showing the anniversaries up there and brother David and brother Janet's was in 1981 in April and I was just thinking, you know, I'm not trying to be funny here. Some people weren't even here in 1981. some people, you know, were here in 1981. And I was thinking, you know, 1981 was a good year for me because it was really when God started dealing with me as a young man and, you know, that's a long time ago, but he finally got a hold of my heart. Did Did I not have struggles and tribulations the last 43 years? No, that would be I couldn't say that. But it was in that same year that God showed me and revealed to me this message of the hour. And it was a good year for me. And I was just thinking, you know, a lot of people say everything old becomes new or everything new becomes old. And I was just thinking, if you think of the summer, you can't, but the year of 1981 is no different than the year of 2025. Politically, it was the same way as it is. Everything it was no different than it is today. I mean, some of you c young couples wouldn't have wanted to live in 1981 because when you go to the bank and they want to make you spend 12% for a mortgage loan, you wouldn't be happy. See, everything changes. But I remember that October where God got a hold of me in a barracks room in Germany and finally revealed to me the word of the Lord. And I was just saying it if any of you been on active duty, you I when you when you finally give your heart to Jesus Christ and want to walk that path, all the you some people understand what I'm about to say, your whole life changes that time. Everyone and it's the same. It's no different as a civilian. Once you give your heart to the Lord and you totally sell out to Jesus Christ, even your own family sometimes will walk away from you and you the your friends will walk away. People that you loved and cared about, they fight against you. They resist with you, but in the end, God's love takes a hold of you and you're able to put up with those things because you know God has done something for you. But I'll just read not wanting to I said that and I'm still up here. But uh I was going to read in uh if you turn to second Corinthians the fifth chapter and if you think of all the things that Christ did for us on this Easter day, what Paul had to say in this fifth chapter is what the very purpose was to bring about what Paul said here in the fifth chapter of second Corinthians. And I'll sit down after I read this, but it's really true for us this morning. And this is what we all look for in our hearts. And it says, "For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved. We have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." So we're that's really a comforting thought this morning. Wherever you're at, in the beginning of your life or at the end of your life, that one scripture is a comforting thing to reach out and to hold on to. For in this we grown earnestly, desiring to be clothed upon with our house, which is from heaven. So that's my desire is to take that form one day, to reach out and take that form. So be it that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we are we that are in this tabernacle do grown being burdened not for that we would be unclothed but called upon that mortality might be swallowed up of life. Now he that hath wrought us the selfsame thing as God who hath given us the earnest of the spirit which I hope all of us have this morning. Therefore, we are always confident knowing that whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord. And he goes on to say, herefore, we walk by faith, not by sight. And that's really true. You know, it goes to what brother Brandon was saying. The world that we live in right now is trying to put everything about the true cross and true Christianity is trying to wrap it up in the tomb again, trying to do away with the power of God this morning. And it goes on, I lost my place this morning. And for we walk by faith, not by sight. We are confident, I say, willing rather to be absent from the body to be present with the Lord. Wherefore we labor that we whether be present or absent, we may be accepted by him. And that's my desire this morning. I want to be accepted by him this morning. I want to be able to walk those streets of gold, as they say. And the only way you get there, and I'll just finish with this thought, goes to what brother Brandham was saying this morning. The only way you can get there, you know, it's really funny. The hardest thing about being a Christian is being willing to let go. You have to let go of everything that you ever hold on to in your life and just let go and let God have his way this morning, Brother David. Amen. Can you love the Lord this morning? Amen. He sure has been good to us, hasn't he? Amen. He woke us up this morning and gave us a sound mind and and most of all, he saved our soul. What more could a person ask for this morning than what God's done for us? Let's stand this morning and if we could. And it's just good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And Amen. And I thought as brother Brad prayed and this little course was on my heart this morning. The tomb now is empty. The stone is rolled away and Christ is alive where in my heart this morning. And death which is conquered in me. It has no part. For Christ is alive in my heart this morning. Amen. Let's sing it this morning. Oh, the tomb now is empty and the stone is rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. and death which is conquered in me hath no part for Christ is alive in my heart once again if we could this morning oh the tomb now is empty and the stone is rolled away and cry stays alive in my [Music] heart, and death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Can we sing it one more time this morning? Yes. Oh, the tomb now is empty. Oh, the stone is rolled away. And Christ stays alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no more. stays alive in my heart. Amen. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy, oh has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours once again. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm [Music] yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. [Music] So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm [Music] yours. And I'm glad that Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me [Music] go. Oh, Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad. Now I'm just free and glad. Singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh yes, I'm singing. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Oh, I used to be all so sad, but now I'm just free and glad singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Amen. Let's go to the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. At Calvary this morning. Amen. I love this old song. And Amen. Well, years I spend in vanity and pride and caring not my lord say I and knowing not it was for me he died of oh and mercy there was great and grace was free and pardoned there was applied to me and there my burden so foundly hurting at [Music] calvary and by God's word at last my sin I learned and then I tremble For that I turn and kill my guilty soul imploring her. Oh to Calary. Yes. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Oh, and there was strong to me. And there my burden soul founding at [Music] Calary. And now I've give to Jesus everything. And now I gladly own him as my king. And now my raptured so full of cal. Oh yes. Oh and mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was to me. Oh, and there my burden soul by liberty. [Music] Cal and oh the love that drew salvation flesh and all the grace that brought it down to man. and all the mighty golf that God did spend at [Music] Calary. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Oh, and pardon there was love to me. and there my burden. So I live empty at Cala. Now I've gi to Jesus everything. And now I've give to Jesus everything. Oh yes. And now I gladly own him as my king. And now my raptured soak can holy sing of calary. Oh yes. Oh and mercy. There was great and grace was [Music] free. Then there was both applied to me. and my burden soul foundity at Calary. Amen. If you glad you give him everything this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord. We have several visitors this morning and and uh we just appreciate them being here this morning. and and uh it's good to have brother Estavon and Sister Tracy with us this morning and brother Steve I I finally he told me what that meant. So I'm horrible with names, but I've always stuck with that. I can remember that. It's good to have them here this morning. God bless you and we just appreciate them being here. And uh Brother Mark and Sister Jackie hadn't been with us in a while. It's good to have them here this morning and God bless you. and also his I called him his little brother, brother Peter and his wife. Is it Camar? Okay, I I done it good. All right. I told Brother Steve, I said, I'm going to write it down. He said, "You better." Amen. But we're just glad to have y'all here this morning. And Amen. We just appreciate our visitors this morning. And Amen. God is good, isn't he? And you know, I was thinking of what Brother Brian talked about when the Lord dealt with him in 1981. And I thought, you know, and I was raised in a good Christian home and I guess if as the old saying goes, I was the black sheep of our family. And but you know, when I tried many times to serve the Lord, but there just wasn't no anchor there. And and then after I graduated high graduated high school about little after 1980, the Lord really dealt with my heart and I just couldn't go on anymore without him. And I'm just so glad. and and uh I tried to date my wife before I became a Christian and she said I was crazy and she wasn't dating no sinner. So, but but the Lord helped me out. He saved my soul and I got a wonderful wife of 44 years this month and I'm thankful for that this morning and Amen. God's just been good to us all and Amen. And I I thought, you know, as I was praying this morning, I thought there's no way that I could sing this morning without singing this song. And He Lives. Amen. And it says, "I serve a risen savior." Amen. He's in the world today. Say, "Where's he at?" Just turn around, look at your neighbor. If you want to see him this morning, you know, that might stumble some people, but we know where he lives. How could a great big God come and live in our hearts this morning? Amen. I'm glad he lives, aren't you, this morning? Amen. and change a a a wretched sinner and make him a child of the king this morning. Well, I serve a risen savior. He's in the world today and I know that he is living whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him, he's always near. Oh, he lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. Oh yes, he walks with me and he talks with me. Alone lies narrow away. Oh, he lives. He lives salvation to in part. Oh, you ask me how. I know he lives. He lives within my heart. In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows weary, I never will despair. eyes that he is leading through all of the day of his appearance and at last. Oh, he lives. He lives just lives today. Oh, he walks with me and he talks with me. Alone lies narrow away. Oh, he lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. Oh, you ask me how. I know he lives. He lives with my This is what we want to do this morning. Rejoice, rejoice, oh Christian. Lift up your voice and sing. Oh eternal hallelujah. Yes. to Jesus Christ the king, the hope of all who seek him, the help of all who find. None other is so loving, so good and kind. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today and he walks with me and he talks with me alone. Oh, he lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Amen. Are you glad? Amen. Well, he's alive and well. for living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Yes, Lord. Oh, you're the same yesterday and today and forever. [Music] Jesus. Oh, he's alive and well. You believe it this morning? Oh, he's alive and well, living in [Music] me. He is the same. Oh, he's the same, yesterday. Oh, and today and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. You believe he's alive and well this morning? Amen. You know, he's a healer. He's a savior. He's a deliverer this morning. Amen. Brother Daniel and brother Michael John and brother Paul come this morning. And brother Mark, would you make your way up here to pray over the prayer request this morning? Come ahead, buddy. And I'm going to read them. And it's good to have them here. And his brother and his brother also turned in a prayer request this morning for him that he's having a lot of neck pain. We want to remember brother Peter in prayer this morning that God would touch his body this morning. want to continue to remember sister parish and in the prayer meeting before church. Brother Thomas said she's not going to have any more chemo. Just pray that God will continue to touch her body and give her strength. And God bless you, sister Parish. I know she's watching this morning. She's very faithful, her and sister Peggy to stream and just pray that God will be with her and also we want to continue remember sister Sherry and brother Glenn that God will continue to touch their bodies and and the test on sister Sherry will come back that all is well this morning and also uh sister John is that Jana is that how you pronounce her name brother Tommy she's having a lot of trouble with her jaw and ask that we'd remember her in prayer this morning and we just want to remember Sister Donna, she continued to get better every day. And Sister Janette and and Janet, God's just really moved in our midst, hadn't he? Amen. So, let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. And we're going to ask Brother Mark. Amen. If if he'd pray over the needs this morning. God bless you. You know, I love that that song, the verse of the song we sung. Um, oh, the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh, the grace that brought it down to man. What? Oh, mighty golf that God did span at Calvary. I thought, you know, if one get to meditate on that, it's you kind of tend to have your own uh private revival, you know. So, I appreciate that. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we are grateful, Lord. It's a good day to be a Christian, Father. And Lord, we thank you, Father, for this hope, this this assurance you've given us, Lord, of of eternal life. Father, it's not just a hope or a thing that we we we would say or the world might think of, well, it's a fable or it's some kind of old story, Lord. But to us, it's life, Lord. It's a sure thing. And we thank you for that, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for Jesus, Lord. This day that we come to honor the resurrection, Lord. Every time we get together, we should honor the resurrection. But this special day, Lord, where you you solve you settle the sin question for once and forever, Lord. We thank you for that, Lord, for what you've done. And Lord, like our brother said, Lord, we look at each other and we see you, Lord, in us, Father. And that's what makes makes it all worthwhile, Father, is when you come and you dwell within us. And how we thankful, Lord. We are thankful for those things that you've done for us. And Lord, every time we come, Lord, there are needs among us, Lord. These that are they're sick. Lord, you created these bodies. Lord, you know how to fix it, Father. And we would ask this morning that you will move, Lord, in each one of these requests that was made known, Lord, that you'll answer him, Lord. That you'll go to your people, Lord. And Lord Jesus, have mercy and touch him, Lord, like only you can, Lord. the different needs where it be physical or or or mental or financial whatever it may be there's nothing too hard for God and Lord we call upon you this morning Lord as your sons and daughters to ask Lord that you will grant each request and Lord as this offering is taken up we pray that you'll bless each one that give Lord that everything that's done and we pray that you'll do be done to your glory Lord and everything that's done before furtherance of your kingdom Father we give you glory and praise and we commit the rest of the service into your hands. Speak to each heart, Lord. Meet every need. We pray and thank you, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. And you love him this morning. Amen. I was uh thinking of a a song that Brother Tommy said and yesterday on that and we're going to sing that for you this morning, Brother Tommy, because guess what? He's still working on me this morning. How many's glad he hadn't give up on you? He's still working on you this morning. And you know, we if there's one person that I really get frustrated that you know who that is, it's me. But I'm thankful for the work that he's done this morning. And I'm glad he's still working on me. And you know why? If you really love your son or your daughter, you're going to correct them. And you know he really loves me. cuz he's corrected me a lot. He spoke to my heart this morning and I had to apologize to brother for something I done wrong. But you know what? He's still working on me this morning. Let's start with a course. Will he's still working on Let's stand this morning. Oh, to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and stars. The sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. Well, there really ought to be a sign upon my heart. Don't judge me yet. There's an unfinished part. But I'll be perfect just according to his plan. Old fashioned by the master's loving hand. Oh, and he's still working on me. Oh, to make me what I ought to be. Oh, it took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. Oh, he's still working on me. And in the mirror of his word, reflections that I see, it makes me wonder why he never gave up on me. He loves me as I am. Remember, he's the father. I'm the clayman. Oh, and he's still working on me. Oh, to make me what I ought to be. Oh, it took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. Oh, he's still working once again if we could. Oh, and he's still working on me. Oh, to make me what I ought to be. Oh, it took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. Are you glad he's working on you this morning? Amen. You may be seated. We're going to ask the girls if they'll come and sing this morning. [Music] Are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weigh in heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's done all it's stealing and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my [Music] Jesus. He makes the way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Why even wed tears from broken dreams and wasted years until the past you disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would going under. If you could, you can work it out for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Levitate my Jesus. Oh, he makes a way where the rain away. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And my Jesus change your life. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Sister Grace, would you all sing that chorus again? Let's stand and sing that chorus with them if we could. He makes a way where there ain't no s. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. God do this. I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. My Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My Jesus change your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let my Jesus change your life. Amen. Let's give him another hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Amen. It's It's time for the most important part now. And we're going to turn the service to our pastor this morning, Brother Thomas. And Amen. Let's sing that chorus as Brother Thomas comes. God is good all the time. He puts a song of sadness in my heart. No. puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. Well, God is good. Oh yes, all the time. He puts a song of praise. Oh, in this heart of mine. Oh, God is good. Oh yes. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, your light will shine. God is good. He's so good all time. Oh, if you're walking oh through the valley, oh, there are shadows all around. Well, do not fear, for he will guide you. Oh yes, he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promise. He'd never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. Well, God is good for all the time. God bless you, buddy. Love you. [Music] my God is good all the [Music] time. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise your name, Lord. Amen. Good morning. A good Easter morning to everybody. Amen. I trust everybody's happy. Amen. On this Easter morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's certainly a special day, isn't it? Amen. To believe that our Lord Jesus rose rose this morning. Amen. Before daylight, early in the morning, I think it was Mary went to the separ, right? And he wasn't there. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Probably God said we're the only religion in the world. Amen. Whose founder and leader Amen. whose grave is empty. Amen. Praise the Lord. His grave is empty. Amen. Amen. People might like like it, but it's the only true religion there is. All the rest are false. Only the gospel of Jesus Christ, Amen, is the true gospel. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord. So this morning, we want to with the help of the Lord try to express, Amen. our gratitude to the Lord for what he's done. And I guess you've put the title up there. We want to speak on Amen. what Easter means to us. Amen. How many knows that uh it it that's what really matters is what it means to you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we want to try to express that with the help of the Lord. Let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we thank you Lord, Father, that because of Easter, it also already means, Father, that when we come before you and pray, Lord, our desires and our voice and our words can be heard, Lord. For you said, "Ask and it shall be given unto you, Lord." Father, and we thank you so much for this day, Lord. busiest probably the greatest day, the greatest holiday that we observe and that we celebrate that is your resurrection Lord Father and we look forward for another resurrection Lord Jesus another Easter that lays ahead of us Father for we know that Easter will produce another Easter and for that we wait and for that we long for that we look for and that's for you to come again Lord Jesus from the clouds of heaven to call Father the trump of God to sound and call all the dead saints of all the ages out of the graves, their bodies to be changed in the atoms. And Lord Jesus to for you to redeem your people and to come and to claim that purchased possession, Father, of what you did, Lord, through the last 2,000 years. Lord, we would ask, God, that you would just help us and give us strength, get us out of the way, Lord Jesus, that you might just use your gift, Father, that you've given to the church this morning, Lord Jesus, to speak to your people, the words of life, Lord Jesus, and what you once said, Lord. keep me from saying one word, Father, of myself, Lord, but just that I might be surrendered to you and that you might speak to your people this morning what you have for us. We ask the Holy Spirit to come in a special way and even as you did to those on the road to Emmas, Lord, we know that Father, if you'll come and do something you did before, Lord, they'll recognize that who you really are, Father. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for that. That our hearts truly have seen this. We may we go from the building this morning saying, "Did not our hearts burn within us as the Holy Spirit spoke to my heart?" But we ask these blessings now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Just kind of praying I was that the Lord will Amen. I think Brother Troy was saying a lot of times we uh read scriptures over and over and over and over again and it can kind of become a tradition to us. Isn't that right? And we don't want that and it never loses its value, never gets old. But we always ask God for something fresh, something Amen. Something for the hour. Amen. And so I I thought that it was quite peculiar. Amen. Because I know Tommy called me or texted me and asked me if he could uh maybe have a little have brother Brandham speak for about uh for about seven minutes or so before the service. And I said, "Yeah, that'll be fine because I know if Brother Tommy's got something, it's going to be pretty good." Amen. So anyway, and so I was back there and trying to put in my last few minutes of study and and so brother Brandon began to preach, but I was kind of focused on this on what I was doing, not really listening. And but then uh I realized that he was uh be he was saying the same things that I a tape that I had listened to the true Easter Seal that he was saying something. Amen. That I've got a quote for and that I had already, you know, underlined. Amen. So I says, "Well, wow." He didn't know that and I didn't know what he was going to have or whatever. But the quote went like this. It says, "And today we're trying to keep Christ in a tomb." But oh, what a Easter morning done. And Easter morning ruined all of their theology. Amen. And when the Easter morning came for a people, a church here, 1900 years later, it ruined their theology. He's not dead. He's alive forever more. They cannot keep him in no tomb. They can They can put him in a Methodist tomb, a Baptist tomb, a Presbyterian tomb. I'm going to say an Amish tomb, a Menanite tomb. Amen. Amen. He says, listen, but he says, a Presbyterian or whatever you want, but he raised out of that tomb and he is alive today. And I had, he says, I had a Baptist tomb. You might have had a Methodist tomb, but one day Jesus rose from there from a historical God to a living God, a present God, alive forever more. How many's glad to be serving a living God? Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I says, "Wow." Well, that's just the order of the spirit. Isn't that right? Just the order of the spirit. So, we believe that. Oh my. I want to just say it again. How many believes that just to believe that you're in God's group, God's church. Amen. We're part of the body of Jesus Christ. If it wasn't for that, I don't know what we'd do. Amen. We'd still be in darkness somewhere, but we don't have to be in darkness anymore. Amen. So, I just have kind of a different scripture that I want to go to. Amen. I think brother Troy read the the resurrection scripture already. And so, we'll go to um let me see here. Let's go to Luke 7. Luke 7. Luke 7:31. Okay, I'm on 8 something. That's what the problem is. All right. I was like, "Boy, I sure have wrote it down wrong, haven't I?" Okay. In Luke 7:31, and I think we'll go back up to verse 29 for just a minute. And all the people that heard him and the publicans justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John, but the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the council of God against themselves, not being baptized of him. And the Lord said, "Where unto then shall I liken the men of this generation?" Amen. In other words, what are we going to compare it with? Amen. What it's like, so to speak, what is this generation like? What is an example that I can give of this generation? All right. And what are they like? They are like unto the children sitting in the marketplace, calling one to another, and saying, We have piped unto you, but you have not danced. Amen. We have mourned unto you, and ye have not wept. Amen. For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine. And you say, "He has a devil." In other words, they rejected him. Ain't that right? They rejected him. The son of man comes eating and drinking. And ye say, "Behold, he's a glutton man and a wine bibber, a friend of publican sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children." May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can have your seats this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's glad to be a beneficiary of Easter? There's two kinds of people. Amen. and and and the meaning of Easter for some people Easter don't mean hardly anything at all. Ain't that right? And I think it was last year perhaps that even our president just uh pretty much tried to make Easter about Easter bunnies and transgenders. Ain't that right? Get made a transgender holiday right at Easter. Now, I read up on it and they say that it's not right on Easter, but uh March the 30th or something very, very close. And it was a real mockery. Ain't that right? Amen. And so today we find that there's so many different people think so much different things about Easter. But the reality of it is it isn't about chicken eggs. Is that right? Or chickens or anything like that like brother Benham said. But it's about the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, I don't know what I'll if I'll do this yet or not, but I thought about maybe getting a microphone and having a little bit of a testimony and find out just what some of y'all what Easter means to you. Hello. What does Easter mean to you? Amen. Well, I got to starting to write down stuff and I'm telling you what, when you think about what Easter means to you, we can be here a while. Isn't that right? We could be here a while and that's okay. We can we can be here a while if we want to be. Isn't that nice? We can be here as long as we want to be. We can stay as long we want. Praise the Lord. But the scene here is that Jesus was saying it's like, you know, people play music and oh my, such good music, but the people just In other words, it's not reciprocated is what Jesus was saying. Ain't that right? It's not reciprocated. He used another example when he talked about a supper that he made, right? He made a great supper and he had everything. Behold, everything's ready. Go out and invite my people. Go invite my relatives. Go invite my friends. And he went out there, invited everybody. And they had a horse and a mule and a and a donkey. I guess they had to break and train and prove. And they had some land they had bought and had married a woman, a wife or whatever. And they were just too busy. They just was busy with other things. Amen. Amen. Isn't that the problem is what with the world today? Because we realize that Easter Amen. It is the most important story of all of humanity. Amen. I I listen to World War II a lot and the Nazis and all of that and how that you know they would go into into Russia and they would wipe out the entire city. Everybody died. Hello. They wipe them out. Genocide. And then when they got defeated on the way out, they did like that too. He says scorched earth. And the German people after they were defeated and people were coming down to the dead death, they would make the statement they just don't know what life is about. They just question what was life really all about? It's like it has no meaning to them. It probably doesn't because it sure didn't have much of meaning. But you and I this morning, aren't you glad to know this morning what life is all about? It's not just about living and eating and having clothes and having food and having houses to live in. Jesus said, "Isn't the life more than the meat?" Quit worrying about the meat so much. Thinking about the life more life is more than what the the natural things are. It's about your life. Amen. Praise the Lord. So one of the first things I want to say and that is that Jesus come this life ain't that right John 10 I believe it is John 10 said the thief cometh not but to kill to steal and to destroy. But I am come that you might have life. That's what it means to me. He came so that you would have life. Now I mean know that look at everybody. Everybody's alive is alive. They might say they got life. But remember, Brother Brandon went into that hotel room and there was I guess it sounded like the way that he made it sound. It was religious people having some kind of convention. They were having a convention and they had priests and everything and they said during the night he'd go through the elevator. He went through the elevator, women half dressed and everything else going up and down the halls falling and and all kinds of wickedness, you know, that was going on. kicking their heels up, drinking and drunking and saying, "This is life." Brother Brandon couldn't stand it anymore. He went over there and grabbed one of the women by the hand. He said, "No, it's not. It's death. This is not life. This is death." It made him sick because the next morning the different ones were going down there and the priest was praying for him and all of that under that debauchery. Hello. What a sickening. What's what kind of a sick Christianity that it was. This is life. Let me tell you how many know that if the first life is all you have, you don't have much of a life. Why? Because the Bible says in Galatians there talk about the fruits of the flesh. Amen. And the life that it is a lasciviousness and idolatry and and all kinds of things. drunkenness and revelings and murderers and hatred and variance and emulation. That first nature, it ain't much of a life. Amen. Many will actually put a gun to their head because it's a that is not life. It's not worth living. It's miserable. It can become miserable. Amen. That's not life. Amen. For those people that get drunk and they think they have a good time. I've been there, done that. And I realize the next morning, I don't care what you've done, who you've slept with, or where you've been. The next morning, you go and you are as empty as empty can be. You are full of sin and you have to go take another drink. Amen. Just to try to make you fel better. Amen. But B says, man, you take a cigarette, you got to smoke another one, you drink them. Got to drink more to try to cover that up. and you just multiply your anguish. It's not a life. And I don't know about you, but I wasn't made to be and have a empty emptiness in there. Other people might be satisfied with that, but I'm not satisfied with the empty heart. Amen. That void in my heart. Amen. I want God to fill that. I wasn't made for that. That's why it was never satisfying to me. That's why there's something in there that said, "God, there's got to be something more than party and that kind of life cuz it's a miserable thing." And Jesus come to give you life. And he said, "And that more abundantly." How many would say this morning, I want life, and I want it more abundantly. He came to give us more abundant life. Amen. Thankful for that, aren't you? Because what does life consist of? Happiness, joy, peace. Isn't that right? Comforts. What is life if you're not comfortable? If you're miserable. What is life if you have no peace in your heart? No peace, anguish, distress, fear, condemnation. That's not life. Everybody struggles and they think that maybe by possessing more they'll have more comfort. They'll have more joy. Amen. But remember the angels came and when they when when Jesus came to earth they those angels they brought him tidings of comfort and joy. Peace on earth and good will to men. Christ was coming to bring us peace to give us what really life is all about. He came to give us justification. He gave peace. He come to give us peace. Amen. To give his life and that more abundantly. Praise the Lord. Amen. I hope I get to it, but I want to talk about the everyday application of what Easter means for us on a daily basis. Oh my, I'm glad it's not just on Sunday and Wednesday that we can have a good time in the Lord that we can fellowship in the spirit that we can be in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Do you realize that we all realize that you are sitting in the best place that you can ever sit in in this universe? You're sitting amongst believers in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That's what church ought to be. It ought to place that you love to go to. Amen. That you love to come to and that you can fellowship around the word of God. Amen. There ain't a bar out there. There ain't a nightclub out there that's even close to compared with the peace and the greatness of the heavenly places that you're in. That place is darkness. That place is death. Amen. Praise the Lord. This this is life. Now some might say, "Yeah, this is life. Are you going to believe that? You're going to question. You're going to question [Music] that. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, one thing is almost unparalleled, of course, comfort, peace, and joy. Isn't that right? In the Holy Ghost. That's what I really think is life. Remember I said in the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is Jesus. And he that hath the Son hath life. He that hath not the Son hath not life. Amen. And it's quite something how that when Jesus kept talking about having to be crucified and going and be betrayed. Ain't that right? Even Peter had so should we say such a lack of revelation. Peter had such a lack of revelation that ain't no way they were going to take him. Is that right? He drew his sword begin to cut some heads off. Try to I really highly doubt he aim for the year. That's right. But he kept saying it, you know, I got to go away. Now, how many knows that even even um and this has to do with humanity and how how that sometimes God doesn't tell us everything. You have to have some faith. But even the disciples after Jesus was risen and different ones came and told him, "Neither believe they them." Ain't that right? You heard a lot of that. Neither believe they them. Neither believe they them. And when Jesus came back and talked to him, he says, "Oh, slow of heart, oh fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. You're so slow to believe that all of the prophets have spoken. Amen. You would have thought that somehow Jesus could have made it very clear, and he probably did, but they just didn't catch it, of exactly how this is going to go down. He said, "I will be betrayed of the Jews and so forth and, you know, destroyed his temple in three days." But maybe the disciples and everybody had a different idea of it. But he was speaking to him to him. He said, "These things have I spoken unto you that ye should not be offended." And then down in verse five, it says is in chapter 16 of John. But now I go my way to him that sent me and none of you askst me whether goest thou? But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow has filled your heart. Sorrow has filled your heart. In other words, he talk like that, they'd all get sad. Nevertheless, I tell you the truth, it's expedient that I go away. It's necessary that I go away. Amen. For if I go not away, the comforter will not come unto you. I mean that was the Old Testament saints. They had the word, they had the mechanics, but they didn't have the dynamics. You see, history is about the dynamics. How many believes that's right? It is the rising of the sun. But the Ram talked about that Cadillac. You can have it ever so plush. You can have everything just right. It can have a full tank of gas. But if it doesn't have that spark, it might as well be a pile of rubble. Amen. And he was trying to tell him, "It's expedient. It's necessary that I go away. It's necessary that I die." Like the Pope says that Jesus's death was a humanly speaking a failure. Then why in the world did Jesus tell Pharaoh uh Herod? He says, you know, don't you realize I have the power to release you or to kill you? And he said, don't you realize this is why I came? This is why I came. This was the purpose of my coming. He said, I came so I could die. I came to pay the price. My purpose is to die. Oh my. Living, he loved me. Dying, he saved me. Buried, he carried my sins far away. Rising, he justified freely forever. And oh glorious. What a glorious day. One day he's coming. Oh, glorious day. That's right. One of these days, he's coming to redeem his purchased possession. Amen. I want to say what a resurrection that was. the greatest of all the times of everything. But I hope I don't overstep my bounds. But I want to say there's a greater time coming. There's a greater resurrection coming. Why? Because that resurrection was so that you could have a resurrection and we could rise and meet him in the air. He did that so we could all come together. One of these days, the purpose of Calvary and the resurrection will be fulfilled when we meet him in disguise. And it could happen before this service is over. How many's looking for that hour? Looking for that resurrection. Woo! I don't know about you, sometimes I look at them sunsets, I look them great clouds, and I say, "God, one of these days I'm going to see you coming from the clouds of heaven." Living, he loved me. living. He made some promises that he would send the comforter, but those were promises. We want to talk about the life, the death, and the resurrection of Jesus. In life, he made promises. I got to go away so that I can send you the comforter. How many is glad for the comforter? How many is comfortable? Amen. comfortable. You can't be comfortable without having peace. That's right. But when you have peace like a river tendeth my way. Amen. It is well, it is well with my soul. Praise the Lord. It is expedient that I go away. For if I go another way, the comforter cannot come. But if I depart, I will send him unto you. Amen. Now, we don't want to go into a lot of this, but I'll just read it a little bit. He said there that when he's come and when he has come, he will reprove the world of sin. Amen. Because they believe not. Ain't that right? So, when the Holy Ghost comes, one thing he'll do, this comforter isn't going to stay quiet. Do you realize out of if you watch those YouTubes of those Christians that go out into these trans rallies and all these people and they're they're preaching with the microphone, some of them get hit. People come up there just vicious. Them devils get mad. I want you to know what are you doing here? You know, oh my, they just all mighty get all riled up telling them about the gospel. But what did they do? That Holy Spirit is going to reprove the world of sin. Jesus died for you. Jesus loves you. He wants to save you. Nothing but good. And they don't want no part of it. That's nothing but demons. But he'll reprove the world of sin. Just like we read this morning. It's like God. Amen. He made some good music, but nobody wants to dance. Nobody wants to reciprocate. You know, I was just driving down the road and I was thinking, if the Lord went to Calvary and did all that he did so that we could have fellowship with him again, let me just ask you something. Do you fellowship with him the way that you should? I don't think any of us could say, "Yeah, I'm right where I should." We talk. We We're talk every minute. We're We're constantly fellowshipping. Huh? The fact is most of the time we're going down the road, we think about God and all, but we don't say, "Hey Lord, I just wanted to say how you how you doing? I love you. Thank you for riding in the car with me. And and I just wanted to talk to you about this that or the other." And most time we're worried about stuff. But I thought, you know, I don't think that our fellowship is up where it should be. He did all of that. And he he wants to fellowship with each and every one of us more than what we realize. So if we don't do nothing, take nothing away from this morning's service, let's just realize, say, God, help me to talk to you more and listen more. How many believe that Jesus is willing to talk to us more if we're willing to listen more? I truly believe that. Amen. Amen. All right. Again, he says in chapter 14 and verse 25, he says, "These things have I spoken unto you being yet with you." He says, "But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost," Amen. Hallelujah. which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you these things, and bring all things into your remembrance. Whatsoever I have said unto you. Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth, giveth unto you, let not your hearts be troubled, neither let them be afraid. How many believe until Jesus rose from the dead until this morning? He could say whatever he wanted to say. He could say it destroy his temple in his few days I'll raise it up. It was all taught. But brother Ma'am said he just when God came in the power of his resurrection. Amen. And he rose on Easter day. He made all of it true. He made all of it right. He made it all good. How many believes every word is good? He keeps his word. Cuz all those promise wouldn't have meant nothing if he didn't rise from the dead. But if he did raise from the dead, no wonder Peter could run to the suppler. Amen. I got to see that. I got to know it. I'm excited about him being raised. I got to see it for myself. Maybe a little hard to believe, but when you tell them that Jesus once again rose again, rose again out of denominational systems and dark ages. Ain't that right, brother Brenam? I rising in the sun. I believe it is he. So what a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is. Jesus comes and does the very same things like he did in showing himself to Cleopus Cleopius and his friend doing the same thing there breaking the bread that he did before and they recognize that's him. Amen. Aren't you glad that you recognize when the discernment and thoughts and intents of the heart, hey, that's him. He's arriving well. He's here. He's not dead. He's alive. [Music] does something to you, don't it? Amen. Praise the Lord. People are still slow of heart to believe that Malachi 4, I'll send you Elijah the prophet. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. Amen. Revelations 10:7, Luke 17:30, all these people that want to believe, religious people. the religious world. Amen. What a horrible thing it was for the scribes and the Pharisees, Israel, the priest, the high priest, Kus, the other priests, all of them there in Jerusalem. They the most religious people crucified the most horrible death him there. They crucified him. Away with him. Away with him. You'd never think that this church world would do that, but they did. We want Barabus. We want our own understanding. We want our own way. When Christ came and proved himself did greater works than what he did what he was on the earth on the earth. Brother Bam said he couldn't do greater than raising the dead but more much more. Brother B I'm glad to be a preacher of this message. My because this is what Jesus does today. to my God today. Not some day going by. Why the Amish would they accept him? The Menanite, would they accept him? Do they accept him when you say that he came and did the very same things he did there? He did the very same Messiah sign. All the signs and the wonders, you have to say like he did to the Pharisees. If you can't believe me, believe the works. They testify of who I am. Brother Bam, I can't do this. Brother Bam, I love him. You know why? Because he could have been some big shot. Folks, message preachers that want to be a big shot don't have much for. Brother Brandham says, "I'm just a microphone that God uses. Don't call me Reverend so and so and bishop so and so. Huh? What was that woman down in Florida said? Well, Reverend Dr. Reverend, how are you doing? Just call me brother cuz that's all I am. Just a vessel in the hands of almighty God that Jesus would come and use. How many wants to be like that? Lord, I just want you to use me. Lord, help me to stay humble. Amen. Praise the Lord. Made promises. Made a lot of promises. When the Holy Ghost has come, Amen. the comforter which is the Holy Ghost. Amen. If you love me, keep my commandments and I will pray the Father and he will give you another comfort comforter that ye may that he may abide with you until the next time you fail. No, forever. Even the spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him. For he dwelleth with you. Praise the Lord. Sorry, guys. Sorry, Peter. Sorry, Paul. But he said he dwelleth with you. He didn't say in you yet. He said he's dwelling with you. He says, "And shall be in you." How many was Paul and Peter and and all the disciples? They were better off after Pentecost than they were when he was walking with him. Pretty strong statement. That's right. But guess what? Peter, no matter how strong he thought he was, no, he could still just couldn't couldn't go to Calvary with him. He just couldn't say, "Yeah, I'm one of them." No, I'm not one of them. I don't I'm not strong enough to say, "I'm one of them. I'm not ready to die." Huh? How many knows after after Pentecost and after he got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Amen. I believe they were fixing to crucify Peter trying to catch him, he left town. He was heading out of town. And I I I don't remember the story just exactly but it was Jesus came to him says do you want me to go and die again something that extent and Peter turned around in that and went back in there and he says don't crucify me like my Lord don't crucify me like he was I'm not worthy crucify me upside down let's give Peter a Amen. That's right. He had humility. Ain't no telling what that crucifixion was like, but it was no doubt painful and hard. But he honored the Lord and he had the strength to do it after he got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Why? Because Jesus wasn't with him anymore. He was in him now. Come on, people. Aren't you glad he's with you now? I'm glad he's not just out there somewhere, but he's here. He's here. He's here. Elijah's God is in us today. He's here to do whatever we say. Behold, the bride of Christ in full array. He's here. Elijah's God is here. [Applause] Amen. And how many believes Elijah's God is here this morning at evening light tabernacle. Not just evening in the building, but in your house. My house. That gives us life. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. That's right. And shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I'm going to send my father upon you. No, he says, I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Where is he? Look at one another. He's here. And every Holy Ghost filled person. That's where he is. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many believe Jesus that all the power of heaven and earth within him? Ain't that right? He said, "I have power to lay my life down and I have power to raise it back up." That's some power. He had power to cast out devils. Is that right? healed the sick, raised Lazarus from the dead after being dead four days. He had the dynamics. Amen. That's what the disciples lacked. That's what they needed. A conversion in their soul. Amen. What does Easter mean? I'll tell you what it meant to Paul. Let me just read what Paul said. What things were gained to me those I count at loss for Christ. Is that right? How many believes Paul was willing to sake all to follow him? He was going to be the next Capus. He was going to be the next high priest. He was going climbing the ladder. But he said all but dumb. Yay. Doubtless. But I cut all things for loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Jesus Christ my Lord. For whom I have suffered the loss of all things and do all count them but dung that I may win Christ and to be found in him not having my own righteousness self-righteousness. Ain't that right? Which is of the law but that which is through Christ faith in Christ Jesus. the righteousness which is of God by faith, that I may know him, and the power of his resurrection. How many glad to know? The power that rolled the stone away. The power that brought Jesus back from the dead. You know you have that power. How many believe that power is in you? That's what Easter means. Knowing him in the power of what brought him this Easter morning that caused that stone to roll away. The angels rolled the stone away. Amen. And he come walking out. Amen. I have power to lay it down. I have power to bring it back. That's right. Amen. And Paul wanted to know that power. Another place in 1 Corinthians the second chapter, I believe he talks about, I didn't come to you in the excellency of speech or by wisdom of man, but I come to you, Amen. In the power of God, so that your faith would not rest in the wisdom of man, but that your faith would rest in the power of God. Aren't you glad that you can live a daily life resting in the power of almighty God oh how many know that's why it's so important to have prayer in the morning Lord what do you want me to do today what do you want me to accomplish today Lord everything I do walk with me help me in everything I do man I have testimony after testimony after testimony of things that went so much better. And I say, "Thank you, Lord. I know you're with me. I know you're answering that prayer of making this come out together the way that it's supposed to." Amen. Hallelujah. A daily application of the resurrection. When your children are sick, mom, you get to go before the Lord and say, "Lord, touch my child. Raise him back up." Amen. Amen. See there's a whole group. How many knows there's a whole group? Because most of the time Jesus Christ is rejected. Most of the time people don't respond to what he did. Most of the people don't they are not beneficiaries. They are not have not benefited from Easter from the resurrection. That's right. They receive no benefits from it. That's right. People don't want it. That's exactly right. But when I think about the other side and remember, there was groups there was people that did want it. There is people that want it. If he if there was nobody that wanted it, he'd never come. I understand he would have come all the way from glory and died if it would have been for one. But I thank the Lord that it's for more than one. It's for you. It's for you. It's for you. It's for you. It's for whosoever will let him come. Easter has a message. Whosoever will let him come. You want life? It's here for you. I've provided it for you. Amen. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit. Burn in me. Set my soul on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Make me like the Christ of old, healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus had through the blood that was shed. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, let's talk about the power a little more, then we'll go into his death. So, we find that the majority of people reject Christ. No matter how many great signs and wonders, supernatural things, they'd rather get out there in a telescope and fantasize about something way off and find something out there and oh my, there must be a God somewhere. Hey, God, he's right here. Amen. You want to try to find God through the science, but when somebody's eyes are open, somebody's healed, the dead are raised. When the discernment goes forth, well, that don't mean too much for him. You know why? Let me just tell what comes to mind. It's because they realize that if they really accept it, they're going to have to change their ways. They're going to have to let God come in and take control and make them get rid of all their selfishness. They're going to have to die to themselves and let God come in and rule. They don't want to do that. St. John says, "He was in the world and the world was made by him and the world knew him not. He came to his own and his own received him not." Amen. Amen. Does anybody know what it says after that? I got you off keep the scriptures and his own received him not. But but as many had received him gave he the power to become sons and daughters of God. How many has received him? Hallelujah. You've received him. He's given you the power. The power to overcome. Woo. I'm talking power. Wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Thank you, Jesus. I'm glad I'm in the second verse. Not the first one, but the second verse. As many as received him. He the power to become sons and daughters of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You love him. Amen. See this know also that in the last days parallel times will come. For men will live be lovers of their own selves. Covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient appearance, unthankful, unholy. God does anything. They're not thankful for it. He can give you the sweetest peace, promise you the sweet peace and and forgiveness of your sins. And he can give you a a a writing of uh a pardon to have all your sins be forgiven. Ain't that right? And you just unthankful. No reciprocation. That's right. Without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Amen. As brother Brandham says it, churchgoers, right? Churchgoers having a form of godliness. They've got a form of godliness, but denying the power. How in the world are ever going to become sons and daughters without the power to overcome all of this? No wonder they're still selfish. No wonder they're still godless, unthankful, unholy. Why? Because they've denied the power. How many believe this morning when the power comes, Amen, these things go by the wayside. Your old carnal nature has to die. Brother Abraham says, "Die and rot." God helping us. He says, "Help our old nature to rot and let the spirit live in us." Amen. They deny the power. That's why they're that Cadillac sitting there. Oh, they might have plus pews. They might have nice churches. They might have everything else. But they sit there and they say, "The days of miracles is passed. The Holy Ghost is not for this generation. Mark 16 from the 20th verse on is not even inspired. No wonder they can't get nowhere. They don't even believe in the power of God. They believes in the power of God. That's what Easter's about. It's about giving you that spark, that fire, the Holy Ghost. When you sing amazing grace, it's not doldrum heaven. It's Lord, amazing grace. How sweet the sound that save the rest like me. Folks, the world, they can have all them. People can have all their interests and everything they want to. I've got my interest. Amen. On the greatest thing that there ever was, Jesus Christ risen from the dead. There is no greater cause. There is no greater purpose than to be a son and daughter of God. Nothing greater in the universe. Woo! I'm here to tell you, we might as well start shouting and praising God. Why? Because Woo! Hallelujah. The may world may not dance for him, but I'll dance for him. Well, I'll dance for him. Glory. Hallelujah. He's worthy to be praised. He died on Calvary so I could be set free. So I'm going to be a little bit free. You're not going to find me not reciprocating. I reciprocate, Lord. Thank you, Lord. The more you pour out your blessings, the greater I'm going to praise you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise him in the dance. Praise him with the temple. Timal. Praise him with the loud timber. Why? He's worthy. [Applause] He made some good music. How many knows God made some music? The cross on his back. Blood dripping [Music] out. It hurts. Oh my hurt. Oh, that's some sweet music. That's some sweet music. Up on Calvary. Amen. They put them spikes on there. Beating that spike in there. Sweet music, huh? That's right. Why? Because that's why he came. Cuz every pound, every stripe on his back was for our healing. Healing of our cancers and everything else. When the doctor says, "Go home. Get your affairs in order like he did my wife." I'm here to tell you, we have a higher doctor. We have somebody that had his stripes put on his back and it's sweet music to me. Smack, smack, smack. It's for my healing. That's was for my healing. the stakes in his and the spear in his side just to make his sure the blood came out gushing out. Sweet music. Why? Because I was the paying the price for every sin of everyone. That sounds good to me. [Applause] Amen. His agony was music for the sinner. His dying was music for the sinner because he was saving. He was paying a ransom. that if you will believe on him, you'll have everlasting life. Not only will you live in a hundred billion trillion years, you'll have the full joy, that comfort that you have now, that peace that you have now. That joy that sometimes you can't barely contain. You'll have it then. He gave all of that when he died. when he paid the price dying. He saved me. Amen. I can hear. I can hear it. Can you go? That's right. Put him on the pole. Set him up and boom. Jerk down into that thing. Packed it in. There he was moaning, moaning, groaning. Finally said, "It is finished. It is finished. Amen. The work is done. Devil, you made a big mistake. You made a huge mistake. You just paid for the price you took. And you took that blood of that son of God. He's coming down to you and he's taken the keys off of your side of death and hell and the grave and he's given it to the church and said, "Don't you be afraid of nothing anymore. Not even death is going to scare you. Don't even be afraid of death. Be like FS Both. This is my coronation date." What are you talking about? Who's dying here? me or you play me some good music. I've waited for this hour. That's the way we heck we can go. That's the way you can go if you go. See, I've been looking for this. I've been waiting for this. This is the greatest time of my life. He said, greater than any meetings is going to be with the Lord. Rip the fear out of death. Took the stinger out of death. That's what Easter means. Means you ain't got to be fearful of death anymore. He done conquered death, hell under the grave. He that liveth and believeth on me shall never die. When you take that last breath and the rest of us go to weeping and crying, you're going to be laughing and shouting and praising God. You're going to be in a place that you couldn't even ever have imagined it so good. Amen. That's what death is really. That's what it really is. Amen. And when you're there. Amen. Like brother Ivan was lungs filling up. The death rattle. The death rattle. Death rattle. Breath slowing down. Death slowing down. Slowing down. Till finally he stops breathing. But there's still a few moments, maybe 30 seconds or so, in the heart. Same way with Joey Hendrickson. Amen. Stop breathing, but the heart's still beating. But when the heart stops, the spirit comes out and goes be with the Lord. Amen. Never to taste of death anymore. Amen. The worst part is dying. Amen. But when you take that last breath, I'm here to tell you, you're in that land where you'll never have no death rattle again. Never have sickness or cancer come. Never have any old age, no gray hair. Sounds good to me. Amen. God promised that. I'll dance to that. That's right. Immortal with God forever. I'll dance to that. I'll dance to that. He's coming to take me home. Amen. We which are alive and remain shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord shall descend from heaven with a shout. The dead in Christ shall rise first. And we which are alive shall meet them in the air. So shall we ever be with him. That's what Easter means to me. Brother Brad, Brother Steve, come here. I'm going to do it a little different this Easter. Is that okay? I'm going to stop preaching and go around and you just think about what Easter means to you and give a little short testimony. You want to do that? Let's give a little testimony to the Lord on this Easter. Everybody give everybody a chance to say something about the Lord. Who wants to say something about the Lord? Donna wants to Somebody give her the mic. Let Donna go first and then we'll go Tommy. Y'all just meditate and think what's the Lord done for you? What does it mean to you? What does this Easter mean to you? Yeah, you're good. Well, I just want to thank the Lord that Easter means to me it means liberty. It means freedom. It means he's in complete control. And that I've experienced for myself what it means that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that I've experienced that when you have him inside of there and it's not a religious anointing on the two outer realms that things that are impossible are not impossible anymore because it's God that does it. That's right. Praise the Lord. When it's done in here, all things are possible. Go ahead, brother Tommy. Well, when you lived in dark sin like I did, lost and broken within and bound up by all the drugs and drinking that I did and that lifestyle the way I was raised, everything just darkness all around me when Jesus come on my life and touch my life and uh broke my chains of addiction set me free and then laid me on my back to see where my great blessings come on come from when I became a complacent Christian just going through the motions coming to church living a religious life not out running around drinking doing all them things. But then when he laid me on my back and then healed me when the doctors said they I would never be healed. I'd never be medication free. I'm 100% medication free. Overdone everything they ever said I couldn't do. The doctors and devils are liars. God word still the same yesterday, today, and forever. What he's done for me, he'll do for you. Set you on fire and break all your chains. Amen. What he's done for me, he'll do for you. Thank you, brother Tommy. How many thankful that? What the Lord's done for us, he can do for our children, he can do for you. Okay, somebody else want to give the testimony. All right, brother back there and also brother Troy and turn it up a little bit if you can. I want to make sure. My turn. All right. Uh, well, Easter for me, uh, since I was saved means I can live fearfree. Uh before I became a Christian, I was a religious person but I never had the Holy Ghost and I was always afraid of hell because I knew that in my condition even though I was uh I was a nominal Christian which is not a good thing. But I always was so afraid of dying because I knew in my condition if if I died that way I would not be received. But when this word came away, that fear of hell, that fear of being lost, yeah, left me 100%. And I I don't have that fear. That fear is from Satan. I have God's love in my heart. And I know should I die, I don't care how, I don't care when. I know the Lord will be there to receive me. And here a couple years ago, I had a terrible car accident where uh when it happened, I was thinking I was going to die because it was a very severe car accident. And one thing I that I came away with at that time was when I thought I was dying, I had this peace. I had this joy in my heart. And I was thinking because of the experience, this must be it. I must be go. I I I must be exiting. I must be going. But I didn't have that fear. Praise the Lord. At that moment, I had zero fear. I thought, well, if this is it, here I come, Lord. And well, it was not in his program that that I go then, but I still have that no fear. And so Easter for me means because of the resurrected savior, I can also have resurrection life. Amen. Praise be to the Lord. Praise the Lord. No fear. That's a good testimony. Thank you, Jesus. Um, Easter means to me that my family is sealed. Um, one thing recently that it's really become real to me that Easter means to me is that I don't Bless you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. It's okay. I don't have to live in fear. All of Jonathan's seizures happened during the night. And so when I would lay down to sleep, Satan would grip me with such fear and I couldn't sleep and I just stayed so exhausted and I knew what God's word said and I knew he wasn't there's no virtue in worry and I knew not to fear but I couldn't bring my body under subjection. But what this Easter means to me is that now I can lay down and sleep in peace. Yes. Because Jonathan is healed. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Sleep in peace. Go ahead, brother Troy. Easter to me means everything. If, like I said before, if it wasn't for Easter, none of us would be here. But I thought kind of going back to that scripture that David spoke of there in Psalms, he said, uh, you know, how brother Brennham said it, what it's life. Easter is life. Uh, you know, he resurrected, it's life. And uh how the scripture in Psalms says uh as a deer panth for the water brookke so my soul longeth after thee thee oh lord it's everything to me and and the lord has done so much for me he's healed me he's he's saved my soul and he has and my family and and those promises that we hang on to and as brother Tom said there you know when Jesus said it is finished all those things are finished all those things we have need of are finished and Lord just give us the faith to receive receive receive what you have for us. And I am so grateful for what the Lord Jesus did for me and my family and all of us here actually. Yeah. I'm just really appreciative and words cannot express what Easter means to me. That's right. Amen. How we could go here all over this building at the miracles God has done. Amen. We thank God for a wonderworking God. Amen. Brother Joe, go ahead. I don't really know where to start, but go ahead. Easter means to me that I'm sitting here this morning. The first thing is when my mom and dad got married, they was told they'd never have any children. And some of the things I'm going to tell you now, you know, I don't talk about it much. hadn't said much about it, but mom and dad would go to brother Brown's meetings, and brother Brown prayed that they'd have children. Yeah. All right. I was the first one to be born. All right. Another thing I would say is a lot of people, you know, you get your babies dedicated. Brother Brandham was the one that dedicated me. I didn't know that. The another thing I've told brother Ber about I never talked about a lot. You know a lot of things I'll say from this point forward apply to a lot of y'all sitting here. So what the Lord can do for me he can do for you. I can remember this week even yesterday we talked about it. My family can forgive me for how I act, but Hannah even said yesterday, but sometimes you don't never forget. And I always tell them, well, you know, Brother Brandon preached a message about me. That's what he preached. He preached the meanest man I know. So, you know, yesterday we talked about that then. U but I can remember they was off to a church thing. Like I said, a lot of things I'll say to now. I know it applied to some in here, but I can remember, you know, I was brought up in a home and we've been seen a lot of different religions. And I can remember one night, it was probably about 1:30 on a Saturday night, and I've always done things to the time I went to bed, and that was just a way of life. But the next thing was out of all them things, I'd still come sit in this building right here and sit on a bench. So I was just a churchgoer. Then if I didn't want to go Wednesday nights is always the worst. Well, you got to work. Too tired. Just any excuse you want to make up. You know, I've done all that. Then then on Sundays you go because you felt like you had to. But I can remember one Saturday night about 1:30 I was smoking marijuana and a pillar of fire come across. I can still visualize where at on lack road. And then when these brothers talk about fear, you talk about fear, I know what fear is. I knew then if I didn't change, I was going straight to hell. So the Lord gradually started, you know, doing a work in my life. And that's why I'd say brothers, sisters, every one of y'all this morning, know where you're at. This is a day today to get your lives right because the Lord's not always going to deal with you. He's, it's been said, he's obligated to deal with you one time. But once you cross that line and you refuse, there's nothing else that can be done. And everybody has a chance this morning to make a change and to do to be a better husband, right? you know, to if that'd be what I'd say since time to man to be a better daddy, a better grandpa, to be a better witness for our Lord Jesus cuz that's what we're put here to do. Then, you know, when you look at all them things and it's we've always had situations and this is what I'd tell you about my Lord Jesus this morning, what he means to me. In the last two years, I'd say for three years, we'd pray for a scrap yard. A scrapyard. And it never would work out where we'd try to be. Well, where the Lord put us now, we have built a huge scrapyard. We do more business than anybody around. People may come say it don't look like it, but our job is to send semi loads after semi loads out every day. And it ain't nothing but the grace of God, the people, the businesses. Yes, the Lord is, you know, give us and we can use it for the honor and the glory of the Lord. Another thing I'd say also with whom much is given, much is required. And most of you know it isn't a secret, which I try to keep it secret, but Hannah puts everybody on her prayer list. About two years ago, we got caught up in a a situation with the federal government on the army base. All right, that's federal property. Well, then you know around here if you get in trouble, the city get you, the county get you, the state get you. My problem was the feds got me. I had to deal with the FBI. I was probably facing 200 years never going to get out. I mean, never going to get out. And you ask, well, how bad was it? We'd gotten 21 stolen vehicles. We wasn't aware of it. If anybody's ever been on that army base and I know brother Brian and then brother Sean them, they would know out of all the cars we got smashed, we smashed a general's hot rod. So, you know, so we was definitely in, you know, a rough situation. But then I just went by what the Lord would lead me. I never was really concerned. Everybody else was. Hannah's devastated. Everybody's worried. I'll tell you right now, Brother Balor's worried. Everybody had fear but me. But I can remember I even when I went to court, I just told them I'd represent myself. I'm guilty. Do whatever you have to do. They said, "You can't do that." And then the FBI wind up being my friends and my attorneys. They told me what to do. So then um then I had to get attorney and I wind up Hannah found one because they said when I come back I have one I didn't realize we was getting the best that money could buy. Well we got through the situation and then they said I had to spend three weekends and I think every three weekends I go was communion times. So I'd be in in the jail and then you know I wouldn't be here and it it was devastation. So the reason why I tell you that to tell you what Easter means to me today. Bless him, Lord. That's right. I got in trouble with the federal government. And now I can tell y'all today I work for the federal government. So when Brad preached a message about Joseph, when Joseph got thrown into prison, got out and he go back before Pharaoh, I could relate to that. And it is this Tuesday morning, this coming Tuesday morning, 11 o'clock, the federal government wants me to come to Paduka to the federal buildings and then everything they ever done, they're going to wipe the slate clean. So I'm thankful this morning. Yeah, [Applause] go ahead. that question about um the Easter, you know, I I felt like um if I didn't say something, I'll feel backslid after, you know, given that opportunity if I didn't. But um when I think about the um Easter, I think about a resurrection. And um in the Bible when um when um I think it was Mary um came to um Jesus and said, "If you've been here, my brother had not died." And she he said, he shall rise again. And um she said, "Yes, Lord, I know in the resurrection in in the last days he's rise again." And he said pretty much, "What are you talking about?" He said, "I am the resurrection." Yeah. You know, it's a present. And the resurrection was standing right in front of her, you know. And um so the resurrection is not just a an event, it's a person, right? And in getting older, um it's an encouragement to me to know that one day I'll hear the voice of that resurrection. Yeah. You know, and I won't um remain in the grave. So, that's a big encouragement to me when I think of um of Easter is that thinking of um the of the resurrection of not only, you know, that Christ resurrected, but we will be resurrected also one day if we go by the way of the grave. That's right. So, that's that's Thank you, brother Mark. That's good. Um, about 18 months ago, I was diagnosed with something and I was like, "Sister Donna, they told me to go home and get everything in order." And I've sat here this morning and it feels like somebody's got their arms around my rib cage and just hugging it a little bit too tight. But I'm going to tell you, it's why Jesus stole this because he's holding on. He's holding on tight. And I cannot ask him to let go. And I will not because he's put peace in my heart for the first time in my life because I have had more love shown to me since this diagnosis or whatever because people don't realize but it's the little things in life. The hi, the hello. Sister Sherry's got a habit of texting me occasionally which means the world to me. And um but I'm on a journey. And the other day I was thanking the footprints in the sand. I'm not alone. I am not alone. And the only thing that I'm looking for is that cross. Amen. But I have peace and love. And it means the world to me. Yes. And he's my Jesus. Amen. Thank you. Well, we know that uh Easter is the celebration of the death, burial, and resurrection of the Lord. And so, what Easter means to me is the confirmation that everything we believe, every word in the Bible is true. because when he raised, he proved that he was God. And so I just want to thank the Lord for what he did on the cross for us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I couldn't pay. And I'm thankful. That's what Easter means to me. Thank you, brother David. Mike, if y'all could get that song ready. Where the soul never dies. Go ahead, Sister Sherry. Right, Stan. Um, I think as all you know, good old Satan decided to give me a little tiny thing called cancer. Um, I'm thankful this Easter time because I know that he is with me. He's watching over me and I'm taking Isaiah 53 as sister Donna has. I'm healed. It may not be today. It may not be tomorrow because I have to be patient. God's teaching me something and I'm I'm thankful for that. But I've had peace since the day I was diagnosed. When I first heard it, all I did was just had this piece over me saying, "Sherry, I got you." So, I'm thankful for having a God and a loving God and a and a physician that is much better than the ones I'm seeing every day. Thank you. Amen. All right, Brother Glenn, tell us down to it. When I turned 18 and I and I'm 77 now, so from 18 to about 72 years old, I was sinning and grinning. I had sinning down so good that I was just having a ball. Now, let me tell you what Easter means to me and what the crucifixion means is the Lord gave me the blood to put all those sins under. So, and wipe my slate clean so when I go see him, everything I did wrong is in the sea of forgetfulness. All right? So, that's what it means to me. And I'm going to tell you, he took care of me even though I was not taking him serious back when I was young. He carried me through at least 100 firefights in my two tours to Vietnam. My I mean, I had soldiers on my right dropping, soldiers on my left dropping, but somehow another, those bullets kept missing me. Hallelujah. So, the Lord took care of me. He has a purpose for me. And I will I think I might have found it because brother Tommy and we go to the prison and I just love those convicts. Yeah. cuz tried to get them to go right and we got one getting baptized this coming Saturday. Right, brother Tommy? All right. So anyway, the Lord has done wonders for me and I thank him and I praise him every day. Five or six times a day at least. That's right. Thank you, brother. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Thank you, Jesus. Easter means to me that God doesn't leave you. He's He never leaves. He's always there. Even when you think he's not there, he is. He's like standing right next to you, elbow to elbow. Sometimes when I'm in the car, you know, on a long car ride or just heading into town, I think he's right there and I can count on him to do anything. He's going to be there no matter what. If I leave or if I come, it doesn't matter. He's going to be there. And I know that he can never leave. He never will. That's right. And I thank God for Easter because he did that for me, for all of us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Yes. I think yesterday, the day before, he was with her and she was out in the yard dancing around and I'm like, "Yep, she's a baller. Praise the Lord. Good to see your joy. The Lord's with you. Amen. All right. Who else? Got one more. Okay, Sister Lisa. So, Easter means a lot to me. I mean, I know it does to everybody. Um, and just going off what Elena said, it means to me to never be alone. And I mean all my life, I mean from the very beginning, God has never left me. He's always been there. And just from the beginning, my grandma took me in, my grandma, my grandpa, they took me in and they saved me from I don't even know what really. There's a lot of things. Yeah. And I don't even know where I would be today if it wasn't for God putting them into my life. I could have been anywhere, but I'm sitting here today. And I have been more than blessed through everything in my life. We've all made mistakes. I've made many. But God has brought me from every one of them. And he has showed me that I was never alone. He brought me a wonderful husband to share my testimonies in my life with. And I if I had not had God, then I probably wouldn't even be here today. I may have not even lived a life to be honest. But I thank God for everything and and for all my healings that he has brought me to. I just thank God for all of it. Amen. That is a miracle. Praise the Lord. God has been good to you. Thank the Lord for his grace. For his grace is sufficient for me. I've been diagnosed with stage 4 renal failure. But I'm not afraid because I know the Lord has already healed me and I want to thank him for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. We got a lot to be thankful, don't we? To have a wonderful, wonderful Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior is mine. Amen. You can see where those inspirations come from. Ain't that right? Amen. If that's all for the songs, we'll I'm songs testimonies, we'll have Amen. Lord our Oh boy. That's a good one. Amen. God bless y'all. Amen. We sure appreciate what the Lord is doing with our young couples. Amen. God's really been good to you. Amen. And praise the Lord, brother Weston. And Lord, Amen. Pull that song up, musicians, if you'll come. Thank you, brother Joe. Good testimonies. We appreciate it. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. We'll sing this song. Amen. And be dismissed so you can fellowship one with another. You can stand if you want. To Canaan land. I'm on my way where the soul never die. My darkest night will turn to today where the soul of man never die. Oh, say farewell. Oh dear. Here all is peace and joy and love and the soul of man never die. Sorrows is moving. There be where the [Music] soul never die. And I will spend eternity where the soul of [Applause] mane where all is peace and joy and love and soul. full of never die. Thank you, Jesus. A love reach across the home where the soul of men. The storms of home where the soul never die. Well, no sad. Where no tear dies. Where all is love and the soul of man never dies. My life will end in deathless sleep where the soul never dies and everlasting joys I'll reap where the soul never dies. Hello sad farewell no all is peace and joy and love and the soul of never. Amen. You're dismissed. You can go whenever you want to. Can you hear myself? Where the soul of man never die. [Music] No part in heaven where the soul of [Music] [Music]
