################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Bro. Brad Powell • 6425 • Wed. • The Contending Father - Brad Powell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    Bro. Brad Powell • 6/4/25 • Wed. • The Contending Father
Speaker:  Brad Powell
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0YFQVoBkc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Brad Powell • 6/4/25 • Wed. • The Contending Father
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, come here. [Music] As we tear each there none other has ever known. Oh, I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roes. Stand with me. join you here calling on my ear. The son of God [Music] discourse us and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear there none other has ever known. He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet. The birds touch their sea. singing and the melo that he gave to me within my heart is ringing and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells tells me I am is old. And the joy we share as we tear there none other has ever known. Oh, I stayed in the garden with him. Though the night all around me is falling, but he b me go through the voice of all his voice to me. Worship him [Music] tonight with me. And he talks with me and he tells me I am his home. And the joy we share as we tear there none other has ever known. Give him a clap offering tonight. Say thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. How many is glad to be able to walk with him? Amen. and talk with him every day and every hour of the day. Good evening. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Good to see everybody out and Amen. We have different ones traveling. So, we ask for traveling mercies. I will go ahead and open up in prayer and um touch a couple things we want to remember in prayer. Amen. A couple people and then I will turn it over to brother Joshua. Amen. Looking forward to what the Lord has for us tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. God's been good. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Okay. Um, you can be seated for just a second. Would you? I do have an announcement here. Uh, the the signups for the Ohio camp, okay, is coming up. And I think the deadline Saturday, right, deadline Saturday, even though it's in August, Amen. So, I would love to see as many of our young people to go as possible, okay? because I believe we're going to work on renting a van, but Joe said he'd pay for it. So, man, we need to go ahead and get a van going, right? And so, Amen, Annabelle, Michael. Amen. If y'all try to get get lined up to go, right? Amen. That's right. Praise the Lord. So, let's get a whole van load of our young folks to to go up there. Amen. That would be really nice. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, but remember, get with uh either Grace or Natalie, Sister Natalie, either one of those if you can let them know that you plan on going and if there's any question on signing up or anything like that, they'll help you get signed up. Amen. Amen. So, praise the Lord. And we want to remember Sister Marjorie. Amen. She's at the Creek Nur Creekwood Nursing Home in Russellville now. Amen. And so, they're helping her Amen. to be able to Amen. be able to function. It's kind of hard for her to be at home. So, they're going to Amen. kind of helped take care of her. But just continue to remember her in prayer. Amen. For the liquid that keeps building up in her or it's not in her stomach, but right outside of the stomach, I guess, just right outside of there. And so, they're trying to figure it out and have a hard time. But we know one that can help. Amen. So, we thank God for that. Sister Peggy, she's had intestinal problems and surgery. Amen. And I think she's hoping to get out of the hospital tomorrow, but she texted me today requesting Amen. and to be uh for us to remember her in prayer. Amen. So, let's do that. Stand with me this evening. If there's anybody that has a a spoken request, you can speak it. Or if you don't have unspoken, you can raise your hand. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father. Lord, which such an honor and a privilege, Lord Jesus, to be able to assemble ourselves together once again in your name, knowing God, that that you have promised in your word that where two or three are gathered in your name, there you will be in our midst, Lord. And we truly are so grateful, God, that you're here tonight, Lord, in the hearts of your children, Father, in the throne, on your throne, Father, and that is in our hearts, Lord, for these requests, Father, Sister Peggy, Lord Jesus, and Sister Marjorie. We ask, God, that you would touch them in a special way. And we want to ask also that you would continue to heal, Lord Jesus. My wife, Lord Jesus, and Sister Sherry, Sister Janette, God, we just ask for a special blessing upon them, Lord, as you grant each one of us faith and and deliverance and healing for their bodies, Lord Jesus. We ask God, tonight that you'll come and give brother Brad liberty to minister the word according to, Father, to the direction that your Holy Spirit wants to go, Lord Jesus, and just say and bring us the word. Amen. That'll give us faith. that'll bring us healing and help us. And we know that Lord, it is uh there's so much healing and so much power, Lord, in that word. So we ask God that you help our hearts and our souls to be open, Father, for what you have. Bless brother Josh as he leads the congregation in worship, Lord Jesus. Help everybody to enter in, Lord Jesus, to worship you, Father, the way that you deserve to be worshiped, God. We thank you for this time together now. And I ask your blessing upon the service in Jesus name. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you, brother Joshua. Yes, brother Joe. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, that's funny because I wrote down here, I was going to say that very same thing and I forget to say that. So, you beat me to the bunch. So, you got two people that'll help you take care of it if you need money to go. Okay. Amen. God bless you, brother Josh. What a friend who walks beside me to hold my hand and safely guide me. safe in his arms. For he'll always hide [Applause] me. Oh, what a [Laughter] friend he is to me. Oh, what a friend. Oh, what a friend who walks beside me to hold my hand. To hold my hand and safely guide me. Safe in his arms that he'll always hide me. Oh, what a friend he is to me. Oh, he knows the way. My road is winding. Oh, he sees around my pathway bending and he'll take me through. One day is [Music] ending. Oh, what a friend he is to me. Oh, what a friend who walks beside me to hold my hand and safely guide me. Safe in his arms. He'll always hide me. Oh, what a friend he is to me. Amen. My hope is in the Lord. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope. Oh, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the age lies. For whom the rageing of the sea subsides, the livinging sacrifice, the only source of life, my [Music] hope is in the Lord. from this time on and ever more. For all of my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies, oh his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his roiness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts and rest. My hope, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on the hand of your all of my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing his tender mercies one more time. Oh, his tender mercies come with every rising sun. And to meet the sinner, his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him, they'll find their hearts at rest. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever [Music] more, all of my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Are you thankful we can put our hope in him this evening? Amen. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. When there is come a mean a day heartache shall come and no more clouds in the sky and no more tears to dim the eye and all is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. Lord. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. And what a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. And when I look, oh, the one who saved me by his grace. And when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, and there will be no sorrow there and no more burdens to bear and no more sickness. No pain and no more partying over there. Oh, but forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. Oh, and my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. Oh, what a day and glorious day that will be. Let's sing that second verse again. Oh, there will be no sorrow there. Oh, no more burdens to bear and no more sickness, no pain, and no more partying over there. But forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. Oh, and my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. Amen. And that's what we're living for. Amen. Amen. It's worth laying down everything for. Amen. It's going to be a reality soon. Amen. We're going to go to the offering at this time. Brother Michael John, brother Caleb, you come this evening and take up the offering. You may have your seats. Amen. Brother Ber went through the prayer request already. Amen. So, we'll just go to prayer this time. Brother Caleb, don't you say a prayer over the offering? Man, the time has slipped away from us already. So, we're going to invite brother Brad to come and have his liberty this evening. Amen. Who come expecting? Amen. Let's sing shout to the Lord as brother Brad comes this evening. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Oh my [Music] comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am. Oh, never cease to [Music] worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I'll love you forever I'll stand. Nothing [Music] compares in you. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Nothing compares to the promise we have in him. There's no other promise that I can make you a promise. Brother Ber can make you a promise. Anybody in here can make you a promise. But when he makes you a promise, you can stand on that promise. Amen. It's good to be in the house, Lord. Why don't we stand to our feet tonight? We get ready to to go into the word tonight. And I I've got notes just uh just scattered. So y'all bear with me. We're going to take our time. We're just going to see what we would have what the Lord would have in store for us. Okay? Uh because if I prepare if I prepare a sermon and I prepare notes, it usually doesn't go too well. But if he takes control and he steps into shoe leather and he opens hearts and the word goes forth into fertile grounds, then we see the manifestation of the word of God. And that's what we're looking for. So turn in your Bibles if you would to Exodus 14. While you're turning, I'm just going to go ahead and go before the Lord in prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, we just want to tell you how much we love you, how much we thank you for being in the house tonight, Lord, and another opportunity to come and to to open your word and to to share and break the bread of life to each other, Lord, as as we come together as believers of like, precious faith. And Lord, we can do nothing in ourselves only in what you do through us, Father. So, we ask that you would come on the scene tonight in a special way. open the ears of the hearers and open the hearts of the vessels tonight. And Lord, if the word goes forth and just finds one one heart, Lord, we just pray that that would be a blessing, Lord. And that that one person, Lord, but we know that we have needs of many, and we just ask that you would meet each and every need amongst us. We love you with all of our hearts in Jesus name. Amen. Exodus 14. Before we read there, I want to read you this little quote that goes right along with I put it to the side, but it kind of went goes along and then and then I just decided we would share it. It says, "Now, in order to get back to the original, God has to speak again." That's what he does when he gives you new birth. The old life is gone and you're back to the original word of the Lord. You're not you're not in this hybrid into churches. You're not hybrid into denominations. But when God speaks and gives peace and the Holy Spirit, then you're back in the original family of God again. You don't have to be babyed then. You don't have to be baby then because you're a rugged Christian who can stand it. Go to the cross, to the fiery furnace, to the lion's den, or wherever it may be because the word of the living God is burning in your heart and in your soul. That's right. He says, "And all can backslide. all can turn against you and everything else, but that won't stop one thing. That rugged word of God stays right there when he spoke that original voice into your heart and said, "You are mine." We've had church. Exodus chapter 14. For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, they are entangled in the land. Isn't that the way Satan comes and he thinks about you sometimes that you're entangled in this world? You're entangled in the land and he's got you in a trap and he's got you shut in right there. That's the way he did right here with the children of Israel. They're entangled in a land and the wilderness has them shut shut them in. And I will harden Pharaoh's hearts that he shall follow after them. And I will be honored upon Pharaoh and upon all his host that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord. Now when God tells you something like that, he means business. And they did so. And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled and the heart of Pharaoh and the servants was turned against the people. And they said, "Why have we done this that we have let Israel go from serving us?" Isn't that the way Satan does? You overcome, you God does something, delivers you, and and he has no more reigns on you, and then all of a sudden, he says, "Why have we done this? Why have we let them go? Why have we let them go back into into serving God? Why have we give them back their happiness? Why have we let them have?" But Satan can be on the trail, but God's promise says, "He don't have to have you." Come on. Listen to what it says. He made ready his chariots and took his people with him. And he took 600 chosen chariots. Satan's mad. When the people of God have deliverance, when the people of God have the Holy Ghost moving in their midst, when the children of God are no longer shackled by the bondage of Satan, chariots are coming after you. That's right. 600 chariots and the chariots of Egypt, captains over every one of them. And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and pursued after the children of Israel. And the children of Israel went out with a high hand. Now, I never had read that before. Went out with a high hand. I thought, my goodness, what in the world does that mean? So, I looked it up. It means they left out with a boldness of action. They left out with a determination. And they left out with a defined attitude. In other words, by Pharaoh, by Satan, you don't have us no more. Our shackles have been set free. We're no longer under the under the rule of the task masters. We're no longer making bricks. We defy you, Satan. Well, that's the way we get sometimes, ain't it? We get fired up. We get ready to go. The Lord's moving. Man, there ain't enough devils in hell to stop us. The Egyptians pursued after them with horses and chariots, and Pharaoh and his horsemen, and the army overtook them and camping by the sea. Verse 10. And Pharaoh drew nigh, and the children of Israel lifted up their eyes. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Think about this now. Here we are, a a defiant people, a people who just left out and told them, "Good riddens, Pharaoh. You don't have us no more." But now they've lifted up their eyes, and the Egyptians marched after them. And now their demeanor has turned to soar, afraid, and they cried unto the Lord, and they said unto Moses. Now watch how this watch how this happens. Immediately they started blaming Moses. It's your fault. Because there were no graves in Egypt, that thou hast taken us away to die in the wilderness. Wherefore was thou dealt with us to carry us forth out of Egypt? Is not this the word that we did tell you in Egypt, saying, Let us alone. Let us serve the Egyptians. For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians than it would be to die in the wilderness. So here now is this group of people that are now in the heat of the battle. They're in the heat of the moment, in the heat of the battle, and they're standing there and they're instead of standing up on the word of God and standing up on the promises of God and believing that God promised was true, that there is a land beyond the river. They begin to go back and they turn to the lies of an oppressor. I think if I saw 10 plagues take place, one after another after another after another, and every time God spoke, something happened. Every time God spoke, he delivered. Every time God spoke, so every time God speaks, every time God delivers. Every time there's a miracle, but yet they turn to the lies of the oppressor, task masters back into the lives of bondage. But I want you to watch Moses here. Watch out as he carries out the orders of the Lord. You know, Moses was not wavered. Moses wasn't shook. He didn't get out there and he didn't start to quiver and panic and worry and get into disarray. No, he stood there and he stood right up on the word of God. And he's called out to the people and he said, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord which he will show you today." For the Egyptians, watch for the Egyptians whom you have seen today, you shall see them again no more forever. The sin that once played you, you will see it no more forever. The darkness that overshadowed your life, you will see it no more forever. [Applause] And the Lord said unto Moses, "Why Christ speak unto the children that they go forward? Quit worrying and go forward. Lift up thy rod, stretch out thy hand over the sea, and divide it. And the children shall go on dry dry ground through the midst of the sea." Verse verse 18. And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord when I have gotten my honor upon Pharaoh. Ain't it ain't it a good feeling when you can put your foot on the devil's head and say, "I got my honor on you." [Applause] You may have your seats. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of the word. The prophet says, "Now, we've had many great battles against our enemy, and God has had great men out there standing at the front who has been able to capture by the spirit of God the thoughts of the people and to throw it into the kingdom of God, yonder, and come out victorious." You see, we we can have victorious lives tonight because we have a victorious message. There was a victorious messenger sent to us to deliver the word of God in this hour that we shall be overcomers in the hour that we're living in. But he says we fight it every day. We fight it every day. Every Christian fights a battle every day. And we're in that warfare right now constantly battling between us, right and wrong. This is a battle that each and every one of us face. If you're a human and you're breathing and you got blood running through your veins, you fight this battle on a dayto-day basis. And he says, we battle. Should we receive it? Shall we do it? Shall we go? Shall we bow to the world? Shall we give up this thought we got? He says, but focus. Focus. He says, focus. Take it from Genesis to Revelations. And because she is thus saith the Lord each time right down through there. Listen what he says. We can't give it up. We've come too far, brother Steve. There's been too many people that has that has given their lives for this gospel. There's been too many men that have given given over and over and and and lost treasures and given things for the for the message of the hour to go forth around the world and reach people in remote places. We can't give it up. We can't compromise with the rest of them. We just can't do it. We got to stay right here. No matter how great the enemy is, no matter how much machinery he's got against us, And you think about that. He's got every gun pointed at you. Every weapon he's got, he's pointing it at you. And he's coming after you. Why? Because you are the living, breathing word of God for this hour. But focus on God's word. He says, it don't make any difference what anyone else says. He says, "They say the days of miracles is passed." It don't make any difference. They say that that you can't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It don't make any difference. They say you can't have your healing. It don't make any difference. Why? Because we stand on the promises of God. So, we're in this warfare. He said, "And God's heroes always has this warfare. And you little church, I like it when he calls out the little church. And you little church, remember back there, you are a part of this unit. You're not here by chance. You're not here just by circumstance, but you are part of the unit of God who is marching and fighting and pressing the battle in this last hour. You are part of that union. You are an outpost here. He says, "What's your job? What is your job as a part of this unit to being a part of this outpost? It's your job to keep the banners high, to do what's right, to claim Jesus as the only hope of the world." Brothers and sisters, I have no hope outside of Jesus Christ. You have no hope outside of Jesus Christ. Your children have no hope outside of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. I didn't give you my title. Get ahead of myself. I want to speak tonight on the contending father. Yeah. The contending father. Last week we Wednesday we spoke on the contending believer. So let's look at tonight at a different angle. The contending father. Because we know as Christians and what we know, we know we have to fight. that there is nothing in this life as a life of a Christian that is going to come easy. But you're going to have to have grit. You're going to have to be rugged. You're going to have to be solid. You can't be hybrid with the word. And the prophet begins to break this down and he tells us and he's looking at this and he's looking at the condition of the church world. And he tells us now, he says, "In another 20 years, if they don't keep this people from eating this hybrid stuff, corn and wheat, listen what he says. Corn and wheat and stuff like that, they're high breeding. It's changing the posture of women so that in 20 years they won't be able to have babies. It's killing generations. It hasn't got the good stuff in it. Man is not made like they used to be. Now listen what he's saying. Man is not made like they used to be. Look at a man today. Why he used to be that when we played ball games it was rough. He said now they have to wear helmets. Them men was men. They bashing heads. They would fight round after round after round in a ring. 10, 20, 30 rounds until somebody was knocked out. Why? Because they wasn't on the hybrid diet. I look back even at myself. I look at my dad at 72 years old and I look at how he can work and he can work and he can go and he can go. And I told Joyce, I said, "I hope I can do that when I'm 72." She said, "I wish you could do it now. But what is it he's doing? He's trying to make a point here. Be quiet over there. I see you. But he's trying to make a point. And he's trying to make a point here that the high breeding has not only got into the human body, but it has gotten into the spiritual side when it entered into the church. So now this high breeding has got into the church. And he says instead of having real rugged a real rugged bunch of believers, they've hybrid it into denominations and they say I got to have this and I got to have that and I belong to this and I belong to that. They're hybrid in such a way that it can't produce itself again. Right? You know, you once you change the seed, let's say once you change the word, it can never do what the original did. That's right. These farmers raised us GMO corn, genetically modified corn, wheat, beans, and you know, it looks good for a while. It looks real strong. It looks real good. It looks real healthy, man. The ears will be so long and they're they're they're two or three inches longer than than what the uh original corn is. and they're bigger and they're fatter and they got they got more kernels than you can imagine. And you know, they plant that that one year and they get one huge harvest and yield off of it. And that's the way the people do when they when they when they hybridize the churches. They get a big movement all of a sudden and it looks good and it looks big and it looks glamorous. But as it begins to go forward year after year after year, it begins to get smaller and smaller and smaller until it can't produce anything. There's no vitamins in the corn. The corn that would had 160 kernels of corn on it now is down to 70. The bugs begin to eat it up. Yeah. You take an heirloom seed, you don't have to spray for bugs. Am I right, Brother Steve? He's a gardener. He knows what I'm talking about. But if you want a tomato that will produce a tomato that looks the same year after year after year after year after year, you got to get a heirloom seed. It's something that hasn't been mixed with anything else. Thank you, Lord. But here we see the church world has gotten into a place to where they're mixing and hybrid. So there's no way they can produce the power, the demonstration, the works, the life. That's right. But he says, "What we need is a book of Acts again." And the only way you're going to get it is to get back to the Bible, back and get away from some hybrid religion. Amen. He's talking about a books of Acts, not a Pentecostal religion, but he's talking about a Pentecostal experience. A Pentecostal religion will let you down. A dress code will let you down. A dance will let you down. But what we're talking about is a move. It's a Pentecostal experience that when the Holy Ghost comes down and the Holy Ghost gets into the lives of his believers, into the lives of young men and young women and the believers around the church, when that Holy Ghost falls down in here on fertile ground, there's something that begins to spring forth. I tell brother Steve, we were talking about our meetings and we were standing out there. I think we were talking about the Saturday night meeting. He said, "You know, it kind of reminds me of the old Pentecostal years ago. how people were free, how people could dance, how people could shout. And I said, "Yeah, but you know the one difference that I found." And I said, "We've got something to shout about." Because it was the word went forth first. It wasn't some man up here working up an emotion. It wasn't some man up here ramping up the music and saying, "You got to dance. You got to dance. You got to shout." But it was a man bringing forth the word of God under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost that struck down on the inside of the believers and it identified who you was in the word. Then you can shout. Then you can dance. Then you can praise. That's the Pentecostal experience we're talking about. You're a Christian because you're born in the spirit of Christ and the word of God lives in you. I've witnessed in the last little bit I witnessed what some of this watered down Christianity produces. Yeah. Denominationalism. It's a form of godliness, but there's no power. It's not good. It makes it makes men pick up feminine spirits. And it makes women pick up masculine spirits. You say, "Man, why are you going down this road?" Stay with me. What is it that makes a woman want to act like a man that wants to get up here and sweat and preach and take authority over the pull pit? Well, it's quiet. What is it that makes her What is it that makes her want to to uh to to to usurp authority? Come on, church. They've hybrid. They've hybrid. Now, I'm going to bring it down and tell you where a lot of that started. It started by weak, backboneless men, who wouldn't go to church, who wouldn't take their kids to church, who wouldn't who wouldn't take their wives, who wouldn't be men. They were they were acting like any way they wanted to, and they wasn't following the word of God. So, the women felt like they had to step up. I'm not talking about around here now. I'm not talking about around our ranks, but I'm talking about what he was talking about in the world. So, you watch how this goes. You say, "Why?" Well, these these churches, they preach love, love, love, happiness, happiness, joy, joy, forgiveness, forgiveness. And you know, that all does have a major part that it plays in Christianity. But, Brother Brandham said a a real Christian was a rugged person. Not everything can be love, love, love. If you going to be love, love, love, love, you're going to be pushed over, pushed over, pushed over. They don't preach correction. They can't preach serpent seed. They'll get thrown out. They can't preach godhead. They get thrown out. Soft. You see how the hybrid religion begins to filter in and that's filtered into the world. was filtered into the culture. They preached the love so much to the to the young men began to get m feminine. We were at a a thing for Carson get an awards thing. I don't want to give too much detail because it's kind of shameful to even be telling it. But but they call up different different kids to come up and speak and tell about graduating seniors, this that and the other. And this this this two times these young men, they come I can't even do it. I can't even do it. They come sacheing. Up to the podium and I'm thinking, what in the world is all that twist about? and everything is so h they go to church every Sunday. They go to Sunday school every Sunday. They sing in the choir every Sunday. They do mission work every day, every year. They have an outreach going. But what is it? It's that nature that has that has been twisted and hybridized that they have no backbone to stand up and say what is right, what is wrong and and and everything is just forgiveness. And they say, "Oh, well, it's just God. He sees the outward, not the outward, but the inward." It don't matter what it looks like on the outside. The word I read says by their fruits. [Applause] It says by their fruits is how you shall know them. So whatever it is on the inside, that's what has to c come and push itself out to the outside. So if you've got love in your life, you're going to love your neighbor. And if you've got holiness in your life, a woman, you're going to dress modest. If the love of God is on the inside and the Christ is living on the inside, you're going to act decent. But you're also going to fight for what's right. He says, "We need another book of Acts." Again, what we need, brothers and sisters, is young men, young ladies, believers that are filled with the Holy Ghost, that have that genuine personal experience with God, and that their lives produce the power and the demonstration and the work of God no matter what it takes. You know, he talks about Peter Cartwright. You've heard him talk about Peter Cartright. There's a book of Peter Cartwright, the backwoods preacher. We need some more backwoods preachers. Peter Cartwright was born in Virginia, pretty close to where brother Ron Spencer lives. That's where he was born and raised. He then he settled and pioneered his family come into Kentucky and he comes on into Kentucky down here and he begins to to start a work in a ministry in a in in his younger years and he finds himself settled in Logan County. Didn't know that, huh? So Peter Cartwright for years begins to preach through the southern part of Kentucky, right into Tennessee, Kentucky. And he is a Methodist evangelist that is setting the world on fire. Why? Because he preaches with authority. He preaches the word of God. He preaches Pentecostalism the way it was on the book of Acts. He wasn't a pushover. And the prophet tells that he was sitting there that day and he went into that city and he was washing the windows. You know the story. And the drunk man comes up to him and says says, "What are you doing here?" And he says, "I'm I'm going to hold a meeting." And he said, "Who told you to?" And he said, "The Lord told me to." And he said, "The prophet said that man pulled his coat back and showed a a six shooter on his hip and said, "You're going to have to whip me first." Well, I forgive you, brother. That's okay. I'll just pack my bags and I'll go to the next city. No, no. He stood on the word of God and what God had told him to do. And he said, "Well, if that's my next job, then well, all right." So, he said he undone his coat and he said he jumped up on that man and beat him and got on the top of him and beat him in the face and said, "If I must fight, if I should reign, increase my courage, Lord, have you had enough?" When's the last time you balled up on the devil and said, "Satan, have you had enough? Have you had enough of me?" He said, "Have you had enough?" And the guy said, "Yep." He said he shook his hand and he come back and he led him to the Lord. Amen. That's right. But if he would have cowed down and just left the little town. But prophet said no. He said what we need is more people to do some fighting. Not with your fist but with the power of God and with your testimony. That's how you overcome is by the blood of the lamb and your testimony. Live your life and be the testimony. Tell the devil if he's got strings tied to you, you've put this disease on me, but Jesus Christ delivered me from it. He promised it to me. Man, time flies on Wednesday night. It's okay. I'm not going to hold you like I did last week. I'd run everybody off. Look at shoot a shotgun out here tonight. You're a Christian because you're born in the spirit. Let's get back to the children of Israel for a minute. The children of Israel. Now, God tells the children of Israel, you go and you camp by the sea. And now to the eyes of many, you would look at that situation, you would say, "My goodness, God does not know what he's doing. He's got them camped up here against the sea. He's pressed them into the sea. Pharaoh's coming down their side. The wilderness is on both sides and Pharaoh's coming up their back. And it looks like he's leading them into a dead end street. Then the prophet said the only way they could get out was the way they came in. But did Moses question God? I didn't read it anywhere where Moses questioned God. Moses didn't question God. Moses obeyed God. And as Moses obeyed God, brothers and sisters, God knew what he was doing. God knows what he's doing in your life. Sometimes you may feel like your back's against the wall, but God may be setting up a trap for the devil. Here, the children of Israel was nowhere to go. And we can look at it today and say, "God set an ambush for Pharaoh." Lord, God knew the change in Pharaoh's heart wasn't going to stick. He knew that Pharaoh was going to figure out what had happened. He knew Pharaoh was going to get angry and mad and going to want to come after the children of Israel. So, he put them in a place that they had to depend on God. They had to depend on God and put them into a land and God wanted them to believe on him. [Music] God put the children of Israel to a place that they looked confused. You ever feel like you're walking in a land of confusion? Man, I don't know whether to do this. I don't know whether to do that. I don't know whether to go up. I don't know whether to go. I don't know what to do. And here the children of Israel wandering around like in confusion. All part of God's plan. Because Pharaoh looked at this and he said, "Look at them. We've got them. Nowhere to go." And Pharaoh begins to come in and creep it in on top of them. Pharaoh is angry. You would think Pharaoh would have learned something from those plagues. You would have thought, but maybe he thought, well, that was God's used all of his power. Aren't you thankful for an unlimited power working wonder working God? You can't exhaust what God can do. You can call on him today, tonight, tomorrow, next week, next month, next year, and he's still the same. You know, sometimes we think Satan will let us go easy. We get so so full of excitement when God moves in the scene. And man, we think Satan, we got you on the run now. He's chasing you. He's chasing you and he's not going to let you go easily. Remember Pharaoh and Israel. Satan is not going to let you go easy. And now the children of Israel look out here at this scene and they see Pharaoh's armies on the on this side and the Red Sea on the other. No chance for escape. And in a trap they stand. It's all in the eyes of the beholder. It was a trap, but they seen it as a trap for themselves. They wondered, "Why, Moses? Why, Moses, did you lead us out here?" They begin to cry unto the Lord. They begin to cry out, and then they go back to Moses, "Were there no graves in Egypt that you taken us into the wilderness?" Their fear made them cry to God. their their their statement to Moses showed they didn't have much faith. Yeah, that's right. So, here they go and here they looks like they've lost all confidence in God and here Israel is not but a week out of Egypt already looking back to the past. And we have to be careful as believers. This was God's children. This was the children of Israel. This was the the promised group of people who was going to live in the promised land. It was theirs to have. And then they find themselves disappointed in the situation they're in and wanting to go back to the past thinking that life was better eating onions and garlic and under the lives of task masters in Egypt. A life that they was under for 400 years and they want to go back to it. Then why didn't you just leave us there, Moses? We told you just let us serve Pharaoh. You know how insane that sounds? It would be just like somebody coming here and say, "I don't want to serve God. Just let us serve Satan." And Moses looks at him and Moses looks at him and he don't really know how God is going to help this situation. But one thing that Moses knows, he knows that he certainly would help. Moses knows that it's a bad situation and God will see him through it. And he's looking out there that day and he says, "Stand still." We need to find ourselves in that place from time to time. Stand still. Stop. Don't panic. You know, a lot of times the Lord will bring us into places and in a time of crisis, we we panic. I've always told my boys, if there's ever a bad situation, something's going on, some it's an emergency, don't panic because if you panic, you're going to make it worse. You got to you got to stay calm. You got to think, you've got to see what what you got to do to make things to fix things, to get things back on track. Don't panic. And now Moses looks at him and he says, "Don't panic." And a lot of times we find ourselves get in despair. Now look at the children of Israel. They've found themselves into a place of despair. And despair will cast you down. It'll keep you from standing. Despair beats you down and makes you go down and say, "I just can't do this. I just can't get through this. I don't know how I'm going to make it." There was the children of Israel. You've led us here. Moses, how are we going to make it? Look what you've done. We would have been better off in Egypt. Despair. Fear. You know what fear does? Fear makes you retreat. When David stood out there and he faced that giant, do you think there was a little bit of a a question in his mind as he looks up at that big monster? But if he would have if he would have had fear, he would have retreated. There's no retreat in the believer standing up on the word of God. David knew who he was. He knew he was going to be the next king. He knew that that big giant of a of a a Goliath out there was defi trying to defy the children of Israel. He wasn't going to stand back and watch that. So the fear wasn't there. There was no retreat in him. We can't have any retreat in us. As we stand against the challenges of Satan, no fear. If they would have got impatient, impatience will make you do things you shouldn't do. If they were presumptuous. If they would have presumed, you know what would have happened? If they would have presumed our only way out is to cross the river, to cross the sea, they would have jumped in before the before the highway was made. Who would have drowned then? Stand still. Don't presume things in panic times. You know, my brother-in-law Bruce one time he he took a group family down there to Florida. And I thought about this when it's come to me. He took them down there to Florida. They going to go to one of them parasails out there in the middle of the ocean. They went up. The guy took him. I think it was Charity up on that parasel. Well, you know they tell you, "You want me to dip your toes in the water?" "Yeah, sure. Let's have a fun time." So, he brings them down to dip their toes in the water and he just pulls them underneath the water. Blah blah blah blah. About drowned her. She's coughing and choking. So he gets a little bit upset and tells the guy, "Take us back. We're done with this trip." He says, "No, I got other people. We ain't going back." So he says, "Well, it don't look that far to the shore. I'll swim back." Boy, was he wrong. Let me tell you, the the distance on water don't look nothing like it does on the highway. He could see those buildings miles away. He begins to swim and swim and swim. He gets tiredder and tiredder and tiredder and he barely makes it back to the beach because he was presuming that that was his best route out. It about took him out. Don't presume. Stand still. Stand still and see what God will do in the situations. You know, the prophet tells us that God likes to show his power. And then he changed what he said. He said, "Not that he has to, but he loves to do it." You want to talk about a contending father, a father who will contend for his children. He said he likes to do it. It pleases him in his omnipotence to let his subjects know who he is. Because he shows his power. God shows his power regardless of what people will think about it. People will clatter to it every time. It prepares their hearts. It makes them ready. It makes them brace up and ready to take on a new hold. Now listen what he says. People who doesn't believe in divine healing and performing of miracles, how no wonder our churches are dying. No wonder they're withering up to bloodless cults. No wonder social gospel is so predominating today because our seminaries and everything were taking the phenomenal away from God. stand still and watch the phenomenal. He says because God himself is phenomenal. He's a creator being. He's a Jehovah. He's the reality. You know, so much of the world we live in is unseen. Do you realize that there's more that's going on around us that we don't see than you'll ever see with your eyes. But God is the reality of that situation. God is the reality. He's the substance of everything made on earth. He displays his power by raising the sun every morning. Think about this. This is the power of a God we serve. He shows himself power by raising the sun every morning, sending forth his rain, and setting the rainbows. Then he comes down to his subjects. All of that was in the unseen. He's moving this and setting this and sitting over here at rainbow. And then he comes down to his subjects and healing their sickness. You didn't see it. You didn't feel it. But Sister Donna, you believed it. It's faith. She was standing standing on the word of God, believing the promise. And he's saving people from their sins. That is the contending father fighting for his children. God is not going to let you lose. We win. [Applause] He stands in the midst of your storm. He stands in the midst of your trials and in your in your test. And he's there fighting during your sickness. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He may not move every mountain out of the way. He may not part every sea before you, but one thing he'll do is he'll give you the strength to get over it or through it, around it, under it. One way or the other, God is going to prove himself. So the mountain may seem big to you. It may seem like it's going to overtake, but God will get you through that. You listen to this story. Sometimes we have to we have to stand and we have to stand for what we know to be truth. We have to stand for what we know to be right. We have to stand and let God perform his works. And just like the children of Israel backed into the corner, sometimes God does things in a mysterious way. About 150 years ago during the Welsh revival, there was a missionary that come out of that and a lot of the missionaries went into the and into India to spread the gospel. And and the the the missionary goes into this to this region that had hundreds of tribes that were primitive. They were head hunters, you might say, cannibals, head hunters. And he goes in there and he begins to into this hostile and aggressive communities. and he he comes out there and he begins to spreading the message of the gospel and he begins to talk about Jesus Christ and he wasn't welcomed. He wasn't welcomed at all. As a matter of fact, he began to spread in the the the the gospel more and more and the village chief got so angry and he summons the villagers and he said, "Bring him to me and bring his family." And he stands there before the village chief of this head hunters. And the chief looks at him and he says,"I will begin to execute you one by one if you don't renounce Jesus Christ. I will put an arrow through your children's heart." And he says, "Will you renounce Jesus Christ?" And he says,"I have decided to follow Jesus." You ever heard that lyric before? I have decided to follow Jesus. Angry, enraged by the what he heard, the chief looks at his archers and he says, "Shoot his two boys right through the hearts." And they lay on the ground twitching, gasping for their breath, the last li the last little bit of life in them. And he says, "Now will you deny your faith? You've lost both of your boys. I'll shoot your wife, too." And he said, "Though none go with me, still I will follow." Amen. The chief pulls his back out of fury, shoots his wife right through the heart, arrowed down right there to join her, two boys in death. And he said, "I'll give you one more opportunity to deny your faith and live." And in the face of death, he looks and he says, "The cross before me, the world behind me, no turning back." That's right. No turning back. Amen. Shot and pierced. Died right there. You think, man, that's a cruel way to go. That's a terrible way to go. That's how could God allow such as that? It's not for us to question God. Moses didn't question God. We shouldn't question God. Because what happened was that chief, he thought, "My goodness, what kind of God does this man serve? a God from over 2,000 years ago that he's willing to stand and watch his children shot, his wife shot, and himself shot. I want to know more about this God. The chief began to research. The chief began to read. The chief began to look and in a spontaneous confession as he read the word of God, he says, "I too belong to Jesus Christ." He led the entire cannibalistic headunting village to Christ. Hallelujah. [Applause] Was that missionary? Was that him doing that? You and I as humans, we can't do that. We can't sit there and watch our children be shot and slain as a human. But with the anointing of the Holy Ghost, the boldness of God Almighty, an entire village was changed. Brother Brandham talks about Moses and he said there was that man that had been schooled. He had been trained in wisdom. He was schooled and he had all the knowledge that he could, had all the degrees so smart that he could have taught the Egyptians. And as he's looking out there, as he's going about his business as a young man, he found himself as a coward. You see, it's not man. Man runs. You and I run. But it's the God in us that fights. He said there was Moses that was a coward and running and hurting sheep. But there was a time that he come to a place that Moses had to meet God. And in the midst of a burning bush, he looked and he met God right there and face to face with God. He couldn't be the same anymore. Why? Because God was now in him. And the prophet said it didn't change only Moses. It changed Israel. It changed Egypt. It changed the world because no one man can meet God and be the same. God is our fighter. God is our contender. We look at Joshua. Joshua begins there and he comes in there and he's he sees all this in the past. And Joshua comes up and God tells him, "Moses, my servant, is dead. But now it's you, Joshua. It's you, Joshua, that has to go into the promised land. It's you, Joshua, that has to carry on." And what does he tell him? No man all the days of your life will be able to stand before you because as I was with Moses, so will I be with you. Fear not. Be strong and be very courageous. And that is God's message to us in this hour. As I was with Moses, as I was with Joshua, as I was with Daniel, as I was with David, as I was with brother Brandham, as I was with Paul, as I was with this brother and that brother, I will be with you. He doesn't change. It's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Thank you, Lord. And Joshua was standing there trying to figure out how am I going to get across this river? And he sees the ark. And he sees the ark over there and he begins to look and he says, "Priest, get the ark." And as the ark began to enter into the water, the waters begin to part and Joshua begins to walk over. You know, I always thought that was the end of the story, but there's more to it. It's it's it's more to that story. As Joshua is standing there two or three days later, now he's trying to figure out how are we going to take down the walls of Jericho. And Joshua is sitting there and he's looking and he's looking across this muddy water. And he's looking trying to figure out what he's going to do. And then here's a man walking and comes before him and draws a sword. And he looks at him and he says, "Who are you? Are you for us or are you for our enemies? Nay, nay, but I'm the captain of the host of the Lord." Take off your shoes, for the ground that you stand on is holy ground. Listen, it wasn't Joshua's strength. It wasn't Joshua that brought down the walls of Jericho. It was the mighty God Almighty that he had come face to face with. It was his courage was increased by the word of God. There was a man in the name of Peter and the prophet said he was an old rugged fisherman. An old rugged fisherman as rough as there could be. And you don't think about Peter like that, but the prophet has a way of putting it into perspective. And here's Peter, an old fisherman, just as rough and rugged as could be. He said he was probably just a great big push of a bully. And he says it was a very good description of Peter, the big fisherman, a big bully. It was a play he was watching because he was a big rugged fella and he didn't care for nothing. You mean Peter didn't care for anything? He lived life nonchalant. Didn't care for anybody. Any anything didn't bother him. He said he didn't care for anything. He didn't even hard he didn't even believe hardly anything. But the day he met God, there's something about when you get in that presence of God. From that time right there, he became an apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ. Saul who was traveling carrying letters and holding the coats of the men who were killing the Christians stood there and until the light of God come upon him and changed his life. There's something about when you come in contact with God, things begin to change. Now, this one's for you and we're going to close early tonight. When a person meets God, something definitely happens. Place yourself in this quote here. After you become a Christian, then you are fortified by the word and any promise in the word. Woo. He says, didn't know I was going to say that, but when you become a Christian, you're placed behind the word of God. There's your fortress. There's your safety. Every promise in that is yours. Only thing you have to do is to reach and get it and go right on with it. How do you know it's going to work? He said, "I don't know how it's going to work. How do you know it's going to work? How do you know God is going to do it? How do you know what is God going to do?" He says, "I don't know how it's going to work. I can't explain it. Explain it to me. I don't know. The only thing I know is that God gave his children the best attack they could have." Listen now. and the best thing to attack with because he knows the working of the enemy. He says, "Are you ready? You want to know what the best attack is?" And he's building the peoples up and he says, "Are you ready? Are you ready? The word of God is eternal. The word of God is the best attack God could give." The word of God, God made a promise that it's eternal and there's nothing nowhere that can stop it. The Red Sea could not have refused to open for God. Do you realize that? The lion in the lion's den could not have eaten Daniel. The fire in the fiery furnace could not have burnt the skin on the three Hebrew children. Why? Because it's the word and it's eternal and it can't change. He said, "You can turn every atom upside down and backwards and it will never pierce the word of God." Now, what is the word of God? And I'm closing. The word of God is God himself. God gave the believer himself. Did you catch that? Did you catch that? I'm going to say it again because we should have more applause. The word of God. What is the word of God? The word of God is God himself. And God gave the believer himself. You've been given the word in this hour. The word that defeats every enemy. Every foe, every mountain has to move on the word of God. And he's standing out here for his children. And what are we scared about? What are you scared about? He says, "The rapture is sure. The coming is sure. Every blessing has been promised is yours. It all belongs to us as musicians, if you come. Isn't it a great thing what God has done for us? Isn't it a great thing that you look down through and you just read some of you hear some of these stories and and we we just be able to break the word a little bit to build our courage, to build our faith, to build our strength. How many would say, "Give me the courage. Give me the courage. Give me the courage of Moses. Give me the faith of David. God, come and dwell on the inside of us. Because when the blood was shed on Calvary, it didn't stop there. It didn't stop there. But there was an upper room experience where God be to divide himself amongst his people. And he gave himself to you. He gave the believer himself. All power be to God. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, let's stand if we would as we pray. Heavenly Father, we come to tonight, Lord, humbly with this broken thought that was delivered, Lord. We trust it would have been a a blessing to someone tonight, Lord. That it would just build our courage, build our faith, build our strength in the word tonight, Lord, as we know it's only by you and it's by your word that we can stand and we can survive. As we've looked at the children of Israel tonight and we see how they wavered after such a defiant stance against Pharaoh, help us not to to waver on our defiance of Satan. Help us to stand firm and fa stand strong and and to to be able to fight the ws of the devil. But the word of God that's been delivered to us as God has poured himself out into his believers. Help us to stand with courage, with faith, with deliverance, with freedom. Help us to stand boldly upon the word of God. And we as we draw our two-edged sword, the word of God, and we can slay every demon that comes before us. Give us that strength and that boldness. We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts. Thank you, Lord. Amen. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me, the world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Though none go with me, still will I follow. Though none go with me, still will I follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world. You can take this whole world. But give me Jesus. You can take this whole world. But give me [Applause] Jesus. You can take this whole world. But give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided. Oh, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have [Music] decided. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. back. No turning back. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. Thank you, Lord, for the great things you do for us. Brother Josh, you sing that song for us. It was a great thing. You got those words, Carson. It was a great thing. The Lord has brought me through all of my trials. And when I failed him, he didn't car away. He stood right by me. through all of my troules. When I was lost, he didn't let me go [Applause] astray. He to my sins and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. My Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world would see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Why Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. And he's been my daughter. He's been my lawyer. Oh, he never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. When I was lonely. When I was lost, my Jesus took me in. He took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up. love and he made me whole. Oh my Jesus died on Calary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. My Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me [Applause] free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary. So, the whole world broke. It was a great thing that he did for me. He's been my doctor. Oh, he's been my doctor. He's been my lawyer. He's never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. Oh, when I was lonely. And when I was lost, King Jesus took me in. Oh, he took my sin. [Music] And he saved my soul. He cleaned me up. And he made me whole. Oh my Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. And isn't it good to hear about our champion? Amen. Can we sing? God's not dead. He is alive. Amen. Well, God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. Well, he is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. I'm singing. God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. Oh, he is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And he's all over me. One more time saying, "God's not dead." Oh, he is alive. God's not dead. No, he's not. He is alive. My God's not dead. Oh, he is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And he's all over me. And Amen. I can run through a troop and leap over a wall. Well, I can run through a tree and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. For he's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. And now I'm free from condemnation. For Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Can run through a truth and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Yes, I can run through a tree and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. For he's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. And now I'm free from condemnation. And Jesus is the rock of my salvation. I can run through a tree and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Who feels encouraged tonight? Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Brad. We appreciate that this evening. Amen. Let's sing Glory. Glory. I've been singing as we get dismissed this evening. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, I've been [Music] singing. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. You will have
