################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 61525 • Sun. • 7 Things God Hates - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/15/25 • Sun. • 7 Things God Hates
Speaker:  Thomas Byler
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czx3VFxWcoM
========================================

Description:
Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/15/25 • Sun. • 7 Things God Hates
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] You're right. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Morning, brothers and sisters. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. If we'll just stand and uh maybe brother Joe will open us in prayer this morning. This is the best place to be. Lord, I pray you examine ourselves and see where we stand. We look at the scriptures church without sitting here doubt everyone. They had to susmon our dayord. Too late. Watch it on TV. We realize we heard the prophet say this week. the pastor. He's the over work so different things. We ask that you ask you todayless. Amen. Amen. Amen. Children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if you'll go with me in the Psalms, we're going to go to Psalms 84. Psalms 84. How amable are the t thy tabernacles, O Lord of hosts. The sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, oh Lord of hosts, my king and my God. or the ways of them. They go for they go from strength to strength. Every one of them in Zion appearth before God. Behold, O Lord, our Behold, O God, our shield, and look upon the face of thine anointed. For the Lord God is a son and shield. The Lord will give grace and glory. No good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly. Oh Lord of hosts, blessed is the man that trusteth in thee. God bless you. May be seated, Brother Brian. Morning, brothers and sisters. After two knee replacements, going up and downstairs is still never easy. If you would turn with me to uh Galatians, I mean, not Galatians, Philippians, the third chapter. Would you believe me if I told you after all these years coming up here every Sunday, it's still hard every day I do it, it's not an easy thing because you know you that God is listening and he's watching you and everything that we do has to be by his grace this morning. And I was thinking um with the circumstances in the world this morning, just just like I was saying last Sunday, just think this morning that God thought of us enough that we're here this morning in this assembly this morning, ready to hear from the word of God with our hearts open and our minds open to the condition of the world this morning. And that's a really really makes me love the Lord even more that he would give me an open mind, a clear mind to see the age that we live in this morning to make myself ready for that day when he's coming. And I was, you know, the world is a crazy place. But I was listening to a message while I was in the garden yesterday morning and you know, brother, I wrote some notes that before I even read. I don't I I don't know if I'll even get to read what I was going to read, but he was talking about all the different church ages. He was going back talking to about the children of Israel. And and it really struck me that in this age that we live is no different than in any of those other age. We're all striving to be there on that day. And he was talking about the word of God. And that's the only thing that's going to make us prepared, that's going to keep us clean to be there on that day. And I'll I'll go read I got to read some scripture this morning. Um if you third chapter um the first verse, but I was thinking when I was reading this the last couple of days when Paul's talking about being a Jew, being of the circumcision, I was thinking it's no different than us. I I'll just read and then I'll my thought I'll Paul said here in the third chapter of Philippians finally my brethren rejoice in the Lord to write the same things to you to me indeed is not grievious but for you it is safe and Paul's given a warning here beware of dogs and beware of evil workers forgive my pronunci be beware of confision for we that are the circumcision which worship God in the spirit rejoice in Christ Jesus and have no confidence in the flesh. And that and that message I was listening to yesterday, Brother Brandon was saying the same thing. You have you can't have any confidence in this world or in the flesh. Everything that we have has to be in Jesus Christ. And he goes on to say, though I might also have confidence in the flesh, if any other man thinkketh that he hath whereof, he might trust in the flesh, I more. And he goes on saying who he is, describing who he is. And I got to think, we got to think of ourselves. It isn't what church you belong to. It isn't what society. None of that matters. But this is what Paul had to say. Circumcised the eighth day of the stock of Israel out of the tribe of Benjamin. A Hebrew of Hebrews is touching a law a Pharisee. Concerning zeal, persecuting the church, touch and righteousness, which is in the law, blameless. But what things were gained to me, I counted for loss for Christ. So no matter what I was in the world, whoever I thought I was or what I wanted to be, doing the same thing Paul did, I had to put it all aside to reach out for the cross this morning. Each of us, none of us is different. We all have to put it all aside and reach out for the cross this morning. And uh u I lost my place there. I do that a lot. Yeah. Doubtless I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ. Jesus my Lord whom I have suffered the loss of all things. Do count them but done that I might win Christ. So again pushing everything aside. And I that message I was listening to brother Brham was talking about it was in August of 1965 and he was in the Brham tabernacle and it really struck me you know these are people that had followed brother Brandham probably for 30 40 years and he preach preaches this simple message and he's he's telling the people out in the congregation and through all the hookups that he had on the phone is that you can't be trusting the physical. You have to be trust in the spiritual. You have to let the presence of Jesus Christ. You just got to let it pass through everything and get down to the inner soul. Get down to the seed that's in your heart. You can't count on you've done this or you've done that or you've been here or been there. That has nothing to do with it. It's the very presence of Jesus Christ passing through the outside to the inside of your heart making a change. You can't have it. We don't, you know, we're not trophy hunters. It's not I've done this, I've done that, I've done this, have men here. That doesn't mean anything as a Christian. The only thing that matters is has God taken a crow of that seed in your heart and have you grown in Jesus Christ and I lost my place that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his suffering being made conformable unto his death. And that means suffering, putting everything aside. If by any means I might attain the resurrection on unto the dead, not as though I had already attained either was already perfect, but I follow out follow after it that I might apprehend that for which I have apprehended of Christ Jesus. And he goes on, everyone that you know people have plaques of certain of these scriptures hanging in the house. Brethren, I count myself to have apprehended, but these things I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before. And I pray, I press toward the mark and the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. And he goes on to say here, let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded. If anything other than otherwise minded, God shall revere even this not you. Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule and let us mind the same things. And as I was listening to that message yesterday, that virtue that God gives you in your heart when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that should bring about a change in your heart and life. You should be growing each day in your relationship with Jesus Christ. You shouldn't be walking backward. And I know in my own life, we all make mistakes, but you don't look at your mistakes. You look at God's promises. That's what we're following. We're following the promises of God. And let me just finish this reading here. I probably lost my place again. For as many brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk as you have us for an example. For many walk, of whom I have told you often. Now tell you, even weeping that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ, whose end is destruction, whose god is their belly, and whose glory is is in their shame, who mind earthly things. For our conversation is in heaven, which hence also we look for the Savior and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall change our vile body, so that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working therewith. He is able even to subdue all things in himself. And I was I'm not going to say, but I was listening to what he had to brother Brandham had to say yesterday. And then I'll finish. I'm not going to I have a lot of things I keep brief saying, but the one thing I was going to say this morning, what really struck my heart about what I've listened the last couple of days to is at the end of brother Brandham's life that last year, even though he had preached all the mysteries of Christ, all the things that we needed as believers that he perfected in the day and age, he still simply preached a simple message to the people that you have to believe that you believe. You've got to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you have to have the presence of Jesus Christ in your heart and life. Outside of that, we're lost. And I'm thinking of the age that we live in. You know, the world is totally lost this morning. I I mean, you can say that with, you know, you could come up here every Sunday and say that and it would be the truth. But what really strikes me is the total collapse of society. Whether it's our country or any other country in the world, we're seeing the very collapse of the very societies that we, you know, we might have had hope in one day. You I can see right now in the world this morning that if you're hoping in anything out there in the world this morning, you're going to be a miserable person because there's no hope out there this morning in the world. The only hope we have is in the true word of God this morning. And outside of that, there is no hope. The only hope that you have is to get closer to the word of God. And that's what brother Brandham was saying. A believer, a real believer in Jesus Christ is going to be tied to the very word of God. You can't separate the believer from the word of God. The believer won't leave the word of God in this age that we live in. He won't separate himself from the word of God. as he sees the things going on in the world, it strives him closer to the word of God because brother Brandham was talking the word of God is Jesus Christ. It's it is the you know this is the written word but he's you know he's the revealed word. It's I I just realize as I get older I'm totally dependent on the presence of Jesus Christ in my heart and life. It's I just know that in myself. I know I'm going to fall if I don't trust him. It's just the way it is. If I don't put him first in my life and in the things I want to do, I know I'm going to I'm not going to be successful in anything that we do or any hope that we have. Without Christ, there's no hope this morning. You know, I I was going to say that I'm not I I keep saying the same thing, but I as I look at this world and this situation that we see this morning, we see the children of Israel this morning under fire from their enemy. We see the world tearing itself apart. We see people believing things that you thought I thought, you know, I I remember saying 10 or 15 years ago how the homosexual society was going to take over the world. And I mean that's that's normal. Now look at all the the sin and perversion in the world this morning that's well past that. So you realize that as you look at the world this morning if you're trusting anything else other than Jesus Christ this morning it's not going to work for you. The only hope we have I I if I I can't say it I'll keep saying it. The only hope we have this morning is in Jesus Christ. And the thing I was um struck me about what brother Brown was talking about. He was talking about how you know people in a different age believe this and the people in another age believe this and the people in this age believe that. And then he said that they never they never testify to the fact that they were wrong. They just keep moving further and further away believing not believing the truth. So that's what I was saying this morning. Without the word of God and the message of the hour, you don't have anything to bring you back to the fundamental truth of the word of God this morning. So I would say to myself, I consider myself a fortunate man that God was willing to open my eyes on that day. Brother David, Amen. Amen. Let's stand this morning. You love the Lord with all your heart. Amen. All my hope is in Jesus, Sister Becky. And all my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday's gone [Music] and all my sins are forgiven. Oh, I washed. Are you thankful for that this morning? Oh my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday's gone. [Music] All my sins are forgiven. [Music] And I been washed by the blood. Amen. Are you glad you've been washed in the blood this morning? Amen. And Amen. This song was playing as I come in this morning. And I don't know if we have the words, Brother Carson, and I don't know it very well, but you help me sing it. Here I am to worship. How many knows that song this morning? You help me this morning. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes, you let me see. Oh yes, Lord. Beauty that made it hard to adore you. Hope of a life. I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am. You're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh, you're the king of all kings. So highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake became poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. [Music] Together [Music] all together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. [Music] Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. [Music] All together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon the cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Come together world [Music] all together wonderful to me. Amen. Is he worthy this morning? Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him this morning? And my the cost that he paid that we might go free this morning. You I was gone last weekend and I went to my class reunion and we were talking and we were talking about different ones and I told some friends of mine they they're in a nominal church. I said, you know, if it wasn't for the grace of God, where would I be this morning? And I say that with all my heart. Where would I be this morning? Amen. I'm so glad that he came and he died for me. We have to make it personal this morning. Amen. I'm glad he died for you, brother Troy. But I'm glad he died for me this morning. Amen. Glory to his name. I am so wondrously saved from sin this morning. will down at the cross where my savior when forging from sin I cried both into my heart was the blood of life with gloryy to his name I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh yes. With gloryy to his wonderful name. Oh, and there to my heart was the blood. Why? Well, glory to his name. Oh, and I am so wondrously saved from sin. And Jesus so sweetly abides within. Oh, there at the cross where he took me. Gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name [Music] was the blood apply to his name and oh precious fountain that s well I am so glad that I have entered in. And there Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Well, gloryy to his name. Oh, I'm singing gloryy to his name. Yes. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. came and marked was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Oh, and come to this fountain so rich and free, and cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet, and plunging today, and be made complete, free to his name. I'm singing. [Music] Oh yes. Oh glorious wonderful name. The blood of God. Oh glory to him. I am so wondrously saved and I am so wondrously saved from sin. Oh Jesus so sweetly abides within. Oh and there at the cross where he took me. I'm singing glory to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. Oh, and there to my was the blood. Glory to his name. Amen. Well, I love him better every day. Oh, I love him better every day. And close by his side. Well, I will abide. Oh, I love him better every day. Yes. Sing it again. Oh, and I love him better every day. [Music] Well, I love them better. Oh, I'm close by his side. Bye-bye. Oh, I love him better every day. Amen. Can you love him better every day? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that little song. Just a little talk with Jesus if we could this morning. And Amen. How many's found that having his song is just a little talk with Jesus, but you know, you can talk to him any time of the day. He's never closed and the phone lines never busy. Amen. Well, I once was lost in sin, but Jesus took me in. And then a little light from heaven filled my soul. Well, it made my heart in love and it wrote my name above. Just a little tall with Jesus. Make me whole. Now let us Oh, let us Well, he will hear our famous cry. And he'll answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer wheel turning and you know a little fire is burning, you will find a little with Jesus makes it right. Sometimes my passing through without a way of cheer may hide the light of day. The mist, the sin may rise and hide the stormy skies, but just a little talk with Jesus. [Music] Amen. Oh, let us Oh, let us Well, he will. And he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer with turning and you know a little fire is burning, you will find a little thought. Jesus makes it right. Well, I may have doubts and fear. My eyes be filled with tears, but Jesus is a friend who watches day and night. Will I go to him in prayer? He knows my every care. And just a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Oh, let us let us Oh, he will hear our pain cry and he'll answer by and by. You feel a little prayer wheel turning and you know a little fire is burning. You will find a little talk with Jesus makes it one more time. Oh, let us let us He will and he'll answer by and by. Little prayer will turning and you know a little fire is burning. You will find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you know what we got burning this morning? We got a big fire. Cuz I brought my little fire. Who brought their little fire this morning? Amen. Amen. Amen. And you may be seated this morning. Amen. I love the Lord this morning. And and you know, God's been good to us and I enjoyed Sister Donna's testimony Wednesday night and what the Lord's done for her. And I begin to think and and I'll let Janet give the rest of it, but I'm going to give just a little bit. She hasn't been on oxygen in over a week at all. Amen. And you know, somebody said, "Well, it happened before and then she had to get back on." Yeah, it's just a devil. He's a liar. Brother Brandham said, "He's always scratching at the door." That cat. Now I know why I really don't like cats because they're always scratching at the door. But God's a healer this morning. And and Sister Parish is doing better. God bless you, Sister Parish. And I was at in the I looked to see if Janet had text me because sometimes she does before service and sister they had a little message on her about the church and and sister Parish said, "I'm here." That's exactly right, Brother Joe. She may not be here, but she's always faithfully watching. And I just pray that God will give her 100% healing and she can come sit on these pews. And I'll tell you one thing, if she comes, y'all better be ready to shout with her because she'll be shouting. And we're going to we're just believing that God's going to completely 100% make her well. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. Don't you? Amen. Amen. And Amen. God bless you this morning, Brother Michael and brother Paul, and brother uh I started to call you Isaac Caleb. I'm sorry. I don't know where Isaac came in at. At my age, there's no telling what comes in. That's for sure. You're just happy to be alive and walking around sometimes. No, it's not that bad. God's been good to us. Like I said, we want to remember Sister Parish this morning. And continue to remember Sister Peggy. She's getting better. And also continue to remember Sister Janette, that sister Sherry that God will continue to give them their healing that they have need of. And also we want to continue to remember uh brother Steve and sister Becky's grandson Josh. And this morning God's just continue to touch his little body this morning. And he has a great need in his body. But we know our God's a healer this morning. And just want to remember that if you have need on your hearts, you might let it be known with the uplifted hand. And Amen. And we're going to ask brother Brad Pal if he'd come. And oh, he left me. Amen. Uh brother Caleb, would you go ahead and pray this morning? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. Never never never never have I ever ever ever been so happy. Well, never never have I ever ever ever been so happy happy happy in my Lord. Oh, never, never, never have I ever, ever, ever been so happy in my life before. Oh, he took away my sadness and he filled my heart with gladness and he gave me all that heaven could afford. more. Oh, never never have I ever ever been so happy happy happy in my Lord once again. Oh, never never have I ever ever ever been so happy happy happy in my Lord. Oh, never, never, never have I ever, ever, ever been so happy in my life before. Oh, he took away my sadness and he filled my heart with gladness and he gave me all that heaven could afford. Oh, never never never have I ever ever ever been so happy happy happy in my home. [Music] Amen. I'm sorry, brother Carson. I thought we had that. Y'all forgive me for not giving you the words because if I didn't have them, I couldn't sing. So, Amen. I'll get them to you, brother. That was a wonderful song, wasn't it? Cuz I've never never never never ever ever ever been this happy in all my life. Praise the Lord. [Music] I've got a longing now to go to live up there in my new home. Oh, won't you come and walk with me along the way? What what wonderous beauty we would share nearly and fair. I know that heaven will be mine someday. I know that heaven will be mine and our love will always shine. I'm going to a land across a mystic sea. Oh, won't you meet me over there where all the joy we'll ever share? I know that heaven will be mine someday. [Music] Will you meet me over there? A place of beauty, rich and rare, to live with all the saints of all someday. Where the love of God will shine and his glory will be mine. I know that heaven will be mine someday. I know that heaven will be mine and our love will always shine. I'm going to a land across the mystic sea. Won't you meet me over there where all the joy we'll ever share? I know that heaven will be mine someday. I know that heaven will be mine days. [Applause] Appreciate that song this morning. Amen. And that's truly our goal this morning that heaven will be ours, isn't it? Amen. Also, uh I wanted to just wish all you fathers a happy father's day. And I tell you, I was thinking this morning, I thought, you know, I wish I could call dad this morning and go see him and tell him one more time that I love him, but you know, he's gone. But guess what? I have a promise that I'll see him again someday. And that's what I'm longing for. And and when I see him the next time, he won't be in that bed not knowing who I am, but he'll be a young man. We've got pictures of him when he was real young. And that's who I'm looking for this morning. Amen. So, God bless you. And if you have a dad today, give him an extra big hug. That extra hug is for me. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. Ask Brother Thomas to come this morning and sing that little song this morning if we could. Shut in with God in a secret place. How many wants to be shut in with him this morning? Amen. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face and he knew power to run in the race. I long to be shut in with God once again. Oh sh with God in a sea bread place. Oh there in the spirit beholding his face. I'm gaining new power to run in. God bless you, young man. Where's your [Music] one more time? ocean in with God in a secret place. Oh, there in the spirit beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shining with God. Let's bow our heads. Kind heavenly father, as we approach your throne of grace once again this morning, standing before the purchased of your blood, Lord, Father, we Lord, deem it a grand privilege, Lord Jesus, to be able to express our love to you, Lord, to open up our hearts and minds to you to say, Lord Jesus, come now. Speak to hearts and minds, Lord. For we know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. That you don't change. that you're here, Lord, and you know every thought that everyone is thinking. You know the need that's beneath every hand and every heart this morning, Lord. And we just ask, God, that you'll come in a special way, Lord. Make yourself known to us in a special way, Father, so that we could go from here knowing, Lord Jesus, that you have come and showed yourself, Lord Jesus, and that our hearts burned within us as you spoke to our hearts along the way, Father. We commit this service to you, Lord. the opening of the word, the meditation of our heart, that which we feel you've laid upon a heart to minister, we ask God that you would just bless now in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Good morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Appreciate it. Amen. Want to say uh I texted Sister Marjorie this morning and I told her I would uh read you all this text that she wrote. She is home. Got home Friday. Feel a lot better. I got a little more strength. Amen. And so forth. Get a little dizzy, but Amen and so forth. But it's better. I feel almost human. She says, "I ate good yesterday. The food was taste was taste almost normal. I had pancakes and bacon for breakfast, chili dog, and tots for lunch, and a little leftover from Captain D's dinner. Kentucky $7 meal, leg, thigh, biscuit, potato, no gravy, and and two little treats that come with it. That's the most I've eaten nine months. Thank Jesus. Amen. In my nine months, thank Jesus. I was full. tell everyone I said thank them for all their prayers and for standing by me on this very rough journey. I love y'all. All is well. Amen. Oh, and so far my stomach not swollen much. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh yeah. I don't usually do this, but Amen. It's getting kind of that way now. Let me see if I can find another one. I just It just came to mind. Amen. I don't know if I can find it. All right. He's Brother Bam says, "I want to belong to a church that's got signs and wonders following it. That's where I want to have my fellowship, right under the blood of Jesus Christ. Where angels and powers and the Holy Ghost and God works back and forth through his church, through his people, showing signs and wonders. Praise the Lord. How many wants to go at a church like that? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I like that. I believe that we want to see not just the God that was with brother Brandon back in the 60s, 50s and so forth, but we want to see that God in our hearts, in our lives working. Amen. How many is glad to serve a living Godmen? Amen. Many, many people are serving, Amen. an imaginary God. Amen. And and a God of history. Amen. And but we just are privileged people this morning. Don't you think? Amen. God bless you. It's good to be back in the house of the Lord to see everybody out this morning. Amen. And Amen. It's just good a nice Sunday. Amen. Amen. Certainly. Uh we're glad to be shut in with God. Amen. Thought I had a little something wrote down that said if you aren't shut in with God, you better hurry and get in. Get shut in with God. The missiles are flying. Amen. How many know the missiles are flying? Amen. The enemy of Iran is the enemy of Israel is uh throwing everything they got at God's people over there. And we know that the devil is throwing everything he's got at God's people. Amen. As Gentiles. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, amen. We need to be shut in with God. Praise the Lord. I can't think of any. Oh, I do want to say, Amen. Enjoyed the testimony. Amen. Wednesday night. Amen. Brother Eduardo. And but he wanted me to um cuz I was at home and I give him a call on the way and and talk to him for just a minute. Amen. Because you know from what I was getting I was getting that he was only in the message for about four or five years. And I said, "Well, he's just a young one." And yet he knew all this all these people in Jeffersonville and all that and so forth. But he wanted me to make sure and I told him I would to make sure that his date on 2021 was really 2001. Amen. So he got that date a little mixed up and he don't want amen for you know they all think that it was it was that way. So he just wanted to make that clear. So amen. We appreciate it. Praise the Lord. Had a good time. Amen. In the Lord and and so God bless you this morning. We want to with the help of the Lord basically. Amen. What comes to mind is as I begin to uh seek the Lord on what to speak on this morning. Amen. Uh, I went back kind of and you know, even brother Bham said that you could preach on this on one verse for I don't know how many years, hundreds of years I think he said. It was way up there. He said because it really does all tie together, don't it? Amen. And so this morning's message is going to tie in, Amen, with what we have uh kind of where we left off. Amen. Uh, I guess Wednesday. Amen. Not Wednesday, Sunday. All right. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. We've prayed. Open your Bibles if you will. We'll just get right into the word of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Matthew, if you will go to Matthew 6. and verse 24. Amen. No man can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. He cannot serve God and mammon. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated. Amen. I want to basically pick up where we left off. I think Wednesday evening I told you I had like a punchline me uh punchline quote and I want to make a I want to make a statement this morning. And that statement is nobody says it like God's prophet. Nobody says it like God's prophet. Amen. Amen. When Noah said it's going to rain, nobody said it like Noah. Amen. The reason I say that is because we we love to read. How many believe? We we love to read quotes. Amen. Amen. I don't I don't understand anybody that wouldn't want to quote the quotes. Amen. Brother Bam said, "Just say what's on those tapes." Is that right? Praise the Lord. Well, I had a I had a whole quote on that and I'm going to go ahead and read it if if that's okay. I was going to pass it up, but now that I'm on it, I'm going to go ahead and take my time. Amen. We're going to be here till the rapture takes place anyway. So, we might as well take our time. Amen. Before I read it, the reason I say that that nobody says it like God's prophet because we know that surely the Lord will do nothing but he revealth his secrets to his servants and prophets. Amen. The word of God came of old, you know, in the old times. How did the word of God how does the word of God come to through us? Through his prophets. Amen. Paul was a prophet. David was a prophet. God speaks to his prophets. And so when they say something, Amen. Uh that's why I say nobody says it like them. And we love to repeat that because Amen. It's a vindicated word in go trying to do God a service without it being his will. Back in 1965, the seventh month, I think he died in the 12th month. So this was just a few months before brother Brandham went off the scene. He says God keeps his promise. Amen. Every promise that he has made, he has kept it. Has he told you what would happen? It did happen. I bring heavens and earth before you today in a challenge. Has God ever said anything that he has not fulfilled and done exactly what he said that he would do? Amen. Hasn't he done it just the way that he said he would do? That's exactly. So, will he continue to do it? Just don't add to it or take from it. Just believe it and walk humbly before God, the Lord your God, because we are nearing the going into the land. Amen. How many feels it? We're getting close to the going in of the land. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then also he says, he say this, "And don't take some new thing. They're flying everywhere and there will be more that come. How many know that? Yeah, we had more new things come up in the message. People with this idea and that idea and new things. Why do you say not take new thing? How many believe we have what it's going to take to put us in the rapture? Why would you want to add to it or take away? How many know that is the devil's trick is to add to or take away? That's is that's how he does things. Amen. And uh I won't go go in well I might well anyway let me just before I go further Moses read in the Old Testament he says now therefore hearken oh Israel unto the statutes and to the judgments which I teach you for to do them that ye may live and go in and possess the land which the Lord your God of your fathers giveth you. He says, "Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you. Neither shall you diminish ought of it. Don't add one thing. Don't take one thing away." See, you shall keep the commandments of the Lord. Your eyes have seen what the Lord did to Baal PR. Amen. How many knows? We've seen what God did in our generation. We seen what God did with all of those uh Hindus, the Buddhists, and the all of those how he challenged them. Come open this blind man's eyes and I will serve your God. the God that's really God. Come on up here and open his eyes. And he was a quiet bunch. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Amen. A and so we've seen it. We've known it. Amen. And listen how that God destroyed them from among you. He says, "But ye uh did but and but ye that did cleave unto the Lord your God, ye are alive, every one of you this day." Amen. And when you shall beget children and children's children and remain long in the land and he says if they corrupt themselves which they did that's what happened and make engraven images and so forth. I call heavens and earth to witness against you this day that ye shall utterly perish from the land from where you go over Jordan to possess it and you shall not prolong your days upon it but ye shall utterly be destroyed. This was Moses speaking to Israel after he had been a vindicated by God and the pillar of fire. Amen. How many knows at the pillar of fire? Praise be to God. How many is glad for that? You know, it's something how that uh you know critics of brother Brandham how they will try to dig something up something little somewhere. Amen. to try to prove and try to get people to believe that that uh he he was false that he was wrong on one thing when there's billions billions of things. Brother Bam says you couldn't even write books on how many things that where Jesus would come and tell exactly prophesy and tell exactly what was right. But no, he wants to try to get somebody just to believe on something little negative or or what they think is wrong when it really wasn't. Hello Amen. It's so so shallow, so feeble, isn't it? Amen. But what about all the things that he said daily, hourly, and when he was here? The thing of it is when he was here, they tried to challenge the prophet, those ministers, 70 ministers in Chicago said they were going to challenge him and they were going to prove the serpent seats wrong. Amen. The godheads wrong and all that. He says, "Now God has told me." He and brother Bam, of course, he said, he told this one ministry, he says, "You're not going to have that place that you rented. The place where you thought you're going to have, you're not going to have that." Yeah, we rent it. We got the down payment and everything. He said, "No, you're going to have a certain room, certain and a person with that's dressed a certain way, a woman with certain clothes on and they're going to sit everywhere." Amen. And sure enough, as it ended out, you know, the hotel or wherever they were said, you know, we had already rented it. We didn't realize we did. Sorry. Here's your money. They had to get another one. And he came up and told all of these guys this. Ain't that right? Told him, "Hey, brother Bam, yesterday told me we wouldn't have that and that that woman would be set this that the other. So y'all can do what you want." Brother B comes up here and he says, you know, because he wasn't going to take the challenge, but the angel said, go ahead, go. He says, I will be by your right side. Amen. And then he says, okay, you brothers, I understand it. Y'all are going to disagree with this and this is, you know, on challenge me on the serpent. Now, anybody wants to disprove the serpent's seed of Godhead, come up here and stand by my right side. My right side. Go back and listen to it. Hello. Did any of them get up? He said they were smarter than I thought they were. Oh yeah. The devil once the servants off the scene, they they challenge you. They try to, you know, say things, but come on. Come on in front of it. Oh my. How many knows it's a dare? It's a terrible thing to speak against God's prophet. That's right. If Jesus Christ, the pillar of fire, actually care to have his picture taken above it. And I'm here to tell you something that millions of people that claim they love the Lord Jesus that died for him for them on Calvary, those people will reject God's prophet. They'll reject who God sent, they won't believe it, but yet they'll say they believe it. They're liars. I say this morning, they're liars. They don't really love him. Amen. All right. Well, this was just a little starter. Is that okay? Praise the Lord. So, he says, Brother Bam says, you know, that that uh uh Moses called heavens and earth to witness. If you add one thing or take one thing, one thing away, he'll not stay in the land where the Lord God gives you. Amen. How many knows in this generation, this generation, there was times when Brother Brandham was praying, I pray your churches fill up and that God blesses you and and fills your churches up. But then later after they turned down Jesus Christ, he says, "Y'all are everyone dead." You're like a turtle that's still snapping his mouth and his head's chopped off. You're dead and don't know it. That's right. Amen. How many know they were dead? When the prophet said they're dead, they're dead. God's not in that anymore. God ain't blessing there anymore. Amen. My It's a strong thing. Now, brother Ma'am says, "So say I in the name of Jesus Christ." Don't you add one thing. Don't you put your own ideas to it. Just say what I said on those tapes. You just do exactly what the Lord has commanded to do and don't add to it. Amen. Then he says, "I bring heavens and earth to challenge you." Amen. Did I ever? Did he ever? No. But he did it always exactly what he said. Amen. Don't take the new thing. They're flying everywhere. Listen, but you take the Don't take this new things. The Lord your God has declared to you what is truth. The Lord your God has vindicated what is truth by his word and by his spirit. Amen. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. God seeks those that worship him in spirit and in truth. Don't never start some organization or try to build upon anything else, but stay humble before the Lord your God. For it looks like the gates may open into the promised land anytime. How many can say that this morning? Uh that gate that Amen. He's going to split the eastern sky one of these days. He's going to make come visible among us just anytime. Amen. I feel it. It's time. It's getting close for him. Amen. to get us and take us in a rapture, people. And I believe it's time to tighten up the armor. Amen. Where Satan comes in like a flood. We got to tighten down. The devil doesn't like this church. The devil doesn't like you. He don't like you sitting in a pew here. He don't want you here. Hello. And he'll do anything. And those some of those things we want to talk about this morning with the help of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. May open soon. Then let us go on with true singing and rejoicing when the bride and the groom takes its place upon the throne. Oh, let your mind wander a little bit. How many knows we're going to sit with him on his throne through all of eternity? That's what we're looking for. Amen. Not a new house, not a mansion on a hill, but we want the mansion on the hill over there to be with him. Live humble, live loving, love one another. Don't never get nothing among you. Amen. If you see something coming up in your heart against somebody, get it out of there right quick. Amen. And Satan will do his best to get among you. Don't let that happen. Some slick tongue fella might come along and try to take you away from it. You think they could take Moses out of the presence of God? No. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Bam says, "We don't want no malice. We don't want no strife. We want God and he is his word. Nobody says it like the prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. Now I want to read basically where I uh left off and and go from there with the help of the Lord for a while this morning. Amen. I'm praying and you pray for me that I will take more time in prayer and study. Amen. I need to take more time in prayer and study because that's where we draw our resources from. The quote that I want to kind jump off of pretty much pick up and go from is amongst a lot of people we find where emotions and so forth. He says there becomes tattlings and backbitings and all kinds of ungodly things. Brother, that's sulfuric acid in the church. It's demon power. spirit of men and women who get among one another and try to push off and say this one's not right and that one's not right. He says and that one's not right. If you'll chase it down nine times out of 10 it's the very person making the stir that's not right. Amen. Now here is where we're going to go from. God hates discord among brethren. God hates discord among brethren. Have you got my title up? Seven things that God hates is what we want to talk about. Seven things. And if you will go with me and we'll read that and then we'll um come back perhaps just a little bit on a couple New Testament scriptures. Amen. And we want to go to the scripture. And I didn't even realize that that was in there when I was looking for it because but for some reason God laid on my heart about these things that God hates. And how many knows that there seems to be a whole lot of hate going on in the world? Amen. There's a whole lot of hate. There's a whole lot of chaos. There's murder. How many knows those those uh politicians, a couple of politicians got killed because of political reasons and so forth. And so we find that murder and chaos and hatred. Amen. And if just to recap a little bit, if you'll notice um if you'll notice Jesus said that no man can serve two masters for he will either hate the one. Amen. So he says you're going to hate somebody. You got to hate something. You'll either hate God. Hello. Or you'll hate the devil. Don't you just hate the devil? Hate what he does. Amen. Amen. That's exactly right. He's cruel. He's meaner than a snake. He has no mercy at all. He's a terrible fellow. And I hate him. Amen. Now, how many knows that we we we love we love sinners, but we hate sin. We do not love sin at all. Those riers and all those that are people are doing all of that, you know, they're just they're just absolutely blind and don't know it. We hate what people are doing. We all hate those actions. We hate the devil what he does. But we love people. We don't hate anybody because we got to love our enemy. You know, we got to have no hate in that manner. Amen. Uh uh towards anybody. Amen. Because the the hatred that we have is a righteous hatred. Amen. I hate to see people caged up. I hate to see that eagle all caged up, but a man would give a million dollars just to see him uncaged. I hate what the devil is doing to people. Amen. You hate it. You feel bad for them. You pity them. Amen. So Jesus saying here, you're going to hate one of them. You can't serve. We realize we can't serve but one master. You're going to do one or the other. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's the truth, ain't it? Prophet says it best. Do you know that there that we've had wars and rumors of wars? Amen. I got to thinking of Trump yesterday, I guess it was. They were having a big old military parade, you know, and I thought, you know, you got tanks, you got this, that, and the other. I'm waiting for when we stack arms. We're not rejoicing about having one many military. We're looking to stack our arms, aren't we? Amen. Put it down. Have peace for a thousand years. That's what we're longing for. Amen. But there's wars and rumors of wars. And if the earth stands, we'll have plenty more wars. But do you realize that there's only two powers in the universe? Only two. Amen. And all of our differences between nations and between each other. Hello. Notice how brother Bam says, "Remember, but don't let nothing come between you." Ain't that right? Because that's where the devil works in our differences, trying to get little things built up. Amen. And all the difference between each other and everything. It all amounts to two powers. There's only two powers, two kingdoms. Amen. and all of the rest of the little things that goes in connected with either one of those powers. Those powers he said is God's power and it's Satan's power. I want to say there's only two gods. But I can't say that because there's many gods. Is that right? There's many gods. But I want to say another thing. Amen. There is one. There is only one true God. only one. Every other god is false. Amen. Because they can't create. The devil cannot create. He hasn't got the power of the spoken word. We'd have problems if he did. Right. All he can do, brother Ben said, is pervert things. Isn't that right? Amen. That's God's power and Satan's power. every war, every disorder, everything that comes along is either controlled by God's power. Amen. Cuz that's the only two powers or Satan's power. That's the only two that there is. The power of life and the power of death. Amen. How many knows that's what the devil is? The devil has the power of death. The thief cometh not, the Bible says, but to steal, to kill, and destroy. I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. He wants more. He wants you to get happier. He wants you to have more joy. He wants you to have more life. Amen. The devil don't come but to rob and to steal. Why would anybody want to serve the devil? Why would anybody want to serve the devil? He don't nothing but bring you depression, give you sadness, give you oh my anxiety and murmurings and complainers and discontent and everything else. I feel bad for those riders. I feel bad for the world. Why? Because no matter what they do, no matter if they get the stay in America, no matter what they do, they'll never be happy. Cuz there is no other happiness, there is no solution for the problem but Jesus Christ. Amen. I had this rope up here before brother Brian even said what he said. He said, "Jesus is your only hope." Amen. Of escape. He is the only chance that we got of escaping. Amen. The devil's grip. The devil's prison house. The chains that the devil puts people in. That's right. Amen. Oh, I like that. There's only two. Amen. That uncomplicates it. Brother Tommy uncomplicates it. Makes it pretty simple. Everything that comes, everything that goes, every word, every thought that you think comes either from God or the devil. Amen. I believe it's time to cast out the evil one. Cast him out. Amen. See, Satan, he can only his power is God. It's a perverted power of God. It's not a real power. It's a perversion of God's power. Everything that Satan had, death is only a perverd of life. Life is I mean a lie is only truth mistold. Adultery is only a righteous act misused. Everything Satan's got is something that's perverted, but it's a power. Amen. And I like this. And today we are sitting here. How many sitting there? Well, I'm not. So anyway, don't. Amen. Listen. Sitting here and one of those powers is going to control us. Aren't you glad you know which power is controlling you? You can say, "Brother Battle, I know which power is controlling me." Why? Because I have booed the devil until he's so small. I need a microscope to find him. Cuz he ain't nowhere around my house, man. And I'm here to tell you, that's the way we need to be. He ain't nowhere around. I can't see him. That's where God wants him. That's where you should have him. Amen. He's a bluff. Woo. Say it with me. He's a bluff. He's a bluff. He's a fake. He's an impostor. Amen. He wishes he was God. He is a God, but he's not God. There's only one true God. He's a false god. A fake. Amen. God might as well just preach. Kind of like when the three Hebrew children come up to the king. Isn't that right? He says, "Don't you realize I can throw you in the fire and I'll bow and we'll save you." He says, "And they booed back. You ain't got no real power." Ain't that right? Amen. When Herod told Jesus, he says, "I've got the power to release you." He said, "You ain't got no power unless my daddy gave it to you. Unless my father had given you, you wouldn't have no power. So don't think you're some God. I know who's God. Amen. Those Hebrew children, they knew who was God. Who was supreme ruler. You're a fake God. You're a fake authority. He's got the final authority. God come down and said, "That's my boy. I'm going to That's my children. I'll stand with him." Praise the Lord. Put God on the spot. He'll come through. Amen. Brother Bam says, "If you want your healing, start confessing it. Tell the world, "Thank you, Jesus." and start rejoicing. Start acting like you are healed. He'll come on the scene. You're not saved. Start acting like you are saved. Start believing that you are saved. Oh, I'm not saved. I can't get the Holy Ghost. Keep thinking that. You never will. My my my. He's the God of chaos. The devil is. All right. Now, praise the Lord. Now know listen to this. We know that this battle that you and I are in started in heaven. Amen. I almost titled this discord in heaven. God hates discord. That's where discord came from was from heaven. How many know division came from heaven. Lies came from heaven. That's right. Lies, deceit, all right. Amen. Somehow or other, these things were found in the heart of this Lucifer. Amen. This great first battle that was ever fought begin in heaven when Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. Amen. The first battle that was in heaven. So sin did not originate on earth. It originated in heaven. And when it was thrown down from heaven, cast out of heaven. You think homosexuals and all these perverts are going to be up there? No. They ain't even going to make it there. You know, he throwed a bunch of liars and a bunch of things, pride and everything. He throw that out of heaven. He's not going to take it back in. Amen. And then thrown down from heaven and cast out of heaven to earth and it fell on human beings. Then that battle from the angels became human battles and Satan come to destroy God's creation. How many know that's why the marriage is being destroyed? Even male and female is being destroyed. Anything that God has ordained, the devil is trying to destroy it. All you parents tell your children that they don't know if they're a boy or a girl. We don't know for sure. How many know is God is not the author of confusion. The devil is the author of confusion. No, God made male and female. He made man and woman. That's right. Amen. And so the devils, whether they know it or not, they're being used by the devil to try to destroy God's kingdom. And what are we doing? We're up here upholding the kingdom of God. You are upholding the kingdom of God. We don't marry women with women and men. No, we despise that. God hates that. It's not right. Amen. Praise be to God. That's right. Trying to destroy God's creation. What God had created to be for himself. Satan come to destroy this. That's his purpose was to destroy it. Then the big battle begin here on earth and it begin in us. And it has been raging ever since. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's been raging ever since. Now, we'll go to our scriptures over in the book of Proverbs. Seven things God hates. What God hates, I hate. Are you with me? God hates it, I hate it. What God loves, I love. Amen. What the devil loves, I hate. What the devil hates, I love. Amen. That's right. Cuz the devil hates God. I love God. All right. Chapter six of Proverbs. These six things does the Lord hate. Did I say six or did I say say seven? Right. Seven things that the Lord hates. Seven are an abomination unto him. A proud look, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked ima imaginations, feet that is swift to running the mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that sweth discord among brethren. Amen. Number one, a proud look, pride. How many know God hates pride? I didn't pull this scripture up so I can't go to it, but somewhere in Peter, Peter says, "Humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God, and he will exalt you in due time." And in another place, it talks about, "He that humbles himself, God will lift up. And he that lifts himself up shall be what? A based." We always talk about the way up is what? The way up is down. So, let me ask you, which way is down? What's the way down? That's right. The way down is up. Why? If you lift yourself up, what comes before downfall? Pride comes before downfall. That's right. So, you get lifted up. And what does Satan? He li He got lifted up. How many know he's in for a downfall? That's right. He's in for a downfall. So, we're going to deal with the devil in heaven. Had pride in his heart. He got proud. He had pride. He wanted prestige. He wanted popularity. He wanted something. He wanted to be a somebody with his chest stuck out and stuff. Cuz in chapter 14:12, it says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How dust thou how art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? Because thou has said in thine heart I will ascend. See the devil was wanting to go on up. He want to go up and he says you're going to be brought down. Amen. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation on the sides in the north. I will ascend above the height of the clouds and I will be like the most high. In other words, he got proud and he wanted to be somebody. How many know when you want to be somebody, you're on your way down. When you realize you're a nobody and stay there, stay on the Damascus dust. Realize you're a nobody. Amen. Then God will raise you up and he'll use you for his kingdom. Amen. But when you get pride, when you get lifted up in pride, look out. You're in for a downfall. So this pride originated in heaven. That's why God hates it so much. God hates that pride. These things I hate. A proud look. I want to be like I want to ascend above the stars of God. I want to be up there on the throne. I want to be worshiped. I want to be like God. I want to be like the most high. Amen. And then I pulled the thought into also where he says uh where brother Brandham said. He said spirit of men and women will get off on one another, push off and say this one's not right and that's not right. And if you chase it down, right? So I can only imagine that this phrase, this phrase of this isn't right and that's not right. Amen. That that started in heaven. Huh? The devil was saying, "God, you get all the glory. Everybody worships you. We're holy. Why can't we get some of that worship? Why can't we get some of that recognition?" Hello. People want recognition. People want position. If you want that, you better watch out. What kind of spirit? Woo. And people will go to great measure and length and do crazy stuff just to try to have that recognition, have a little following, have people look up to them as they're somebody. It's a devil spirit. Hello. My that's right. How art thou fallen? Thou said in thine heart, I will ascend. He had pride in his heart. Amen. Now back to our thought, back to Proverbs. Proud look and a lying tongue. Not two times he uh talks about a lying tongue in here because a false witness that speaketh a lie is down in verse 19. God hates that. Is that right? So a lying tongue, remember in Revelation it says that all horongers and liars, murderers, all they shall have their part in the lake of fire. God hates a lie because it's the truth misrepresented. A lot of times it's 99% truth. If there's ever somebody in a church that has a little bitterness in their heart, they will tell 99% this person pretty good, but but you know they got this problem. They got that problem this that or the other. Oh, watch out. Hello. Watch what you say. A lying tongue. Because the devil lied, didn't he? The devil had to lie to those angels. God hates that lie. He hates a liar. Always tell the truth. And hands that shed innocent blood. hands that shed innocent blood. In other words, a murderer. Who was a murderer in the Bible? Cain. The son of the serpent. So God hates a murderer. Amen. Because that murdering spirit came from heaven. That's right. came down into the serpent and had that hatred hatred of God's people. My This is Father's Day, right? Amen. I guess you realize that people have daddy issues. This world has daddy issues. Because why? For one thing, they're like their daddy. People tend to be like their daddy. Amen. I can look in the mirror and see certain reflections of my dad. Amen. How many knows Cain had daddy issues? He didn't have a problem. He didn't have a problem telling God, you know, I know you said that if I do what my brother did, I'll be accepted, but I ain't doing it. I ain't repenting. I don't know if the devil was ever given a chance up in heaven or not, brother Tommy. I don't know if he was given a chance and all the angels. All right, you guys. All right, you either on his side or you come over here on my side cuz how many knows in the earth? That's what God did when Nathan and Car come down and worship and so forth. And Amen. And they all thought that they were holy. And finally Moses had said, "Everybody that's on our side, on my side, come on over. God always was graceful. He had mercy. Amen. And even Moses said God vindicated him, you know, cuz God destroyed him at LPR. Amen. Those who stayed with Moses, they are still alive. Amen. But God gave him a chance. Give him a chance to make a choice. And you know, I I want to say something else. I've got it in here. Amen. That God hates bad choices. God hates bad choices. I I guess I won't, but brother B talks about the great battle that that that we face. Amen. God chose and the devil chose. Amen. He the mutual ground and the greatest battle ever fought is in the human mind. How many know this is where the battle is? Why? Because you have the power of choice. Why? We be cows. We just eat grass and move. But we ain't just cows. We know right from wrong. We are given a choice and bad choices. I don't know about you, but I hate choices. I think back in my life and I think of the bad choices I made and I regret it to this day. I wish I wouldn't have made that bad choice. Young people don't make bad choices. You'll regret it. God hates bad choices. He hates the choices that he made. He hates the choice that Eve made. Eve made a bad choice. God loves when you make good choices. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Was it Sister Hadtie right? She chose to say, "That ain't nothing but the truth." God says, "I love her. I love what she said. I don't care if it's a billion dollars. Tell her whatever she wants, she can have." God loves good choices. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord, help us to make good choices. Amen. Every day you make choices. This is an ongoing battle. Amen. We'll fight this battle all the way to the end. It's a continuation continuing battle. Amen. Satan will constantly punch at you until you're finished here on the earth. Just remember that. You'll never have a time but where there's a punching going on all the time cuz you're in a battle. Amen. Woo. How many knows I got wrote down here this this so get behind get fortified cuz we're living in what they call you know even the riots has said this is a liquid situation. A liquid situation. In other words, somebody might hit me with a rock at any time. We don't know which way this will go in the next five minutes. It's a liquid situation. Amen. out there. This world is in a liquid situation. There's no real anchor there. It's all sales and no anchor. Amen. It's a constant battle. You have to watch every day. You have to be on guard all the time. Amen. This is not a picnic. Amen. If you think it is, you're sure going to be surprised because it's a constant battle. I've been on the field for 31 years and I fought every inch of the way. That's right. Israel had to fight for every inch of the way. You have to fight for every You have to guard constantly. Situations come up. Amen. Your situation, conditions, things happen in our lives, church, things happen in the church. Things happen to you. Amen. Like brother Brad said a couple weeks ago, something happened and well, you know, he had a mind battle. He had to fight that thing out. Ain't that right? Cuz something always comes up. Something will come up. Something will come up next week. Something will come up next month. Sure. But how many know you better be on your prayer bones and you better say, "God, help me. Guard me from any thought that is not like you and help me from keep every thought out that would torment me and bring me fear and doubt and frustration." That's what he is. He's the God of frustration. Lies. Lies bring discord. Amen. They bring they cause discord. Amen. All right. Father issues. Listen. I know he said that ye are Abraham's seed, but ye seek to kill me. Amen. They were wanting to shed innocent blood. They wanted to kill Jesus. Because my word has no place in you. I speak that which I have seen of my father and you do that which you have seen of your father. In other words, you got your daddy's nature. You're a bunch of murderers. You're a bunch of hypocrites. You're sheep and wolves. You're wolves and sheep clothing. [Laughter] Amen. I think I preached on that a couple weeks ago. I said we were uh we were sheep in wolves clothing is what we were because brother Bam says that seed on the inside we have the nature. We were by nature the children of wrath, right? And it looked like we were just a bunch of hippies and a bunch of sinners and everything else. But down here was a seed. Down here was a sheep. the outside. And what did we do? We finally came to what we were and we throw that old wolf nature off of us and become what we were supposed to be and what we were all along. Sheep. It's better to be that than the other. Amen. Praise the Lord. So he says, "That's right. You do what you have seen of your father." Then answered, they answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus said unto unto them, "If you were Abraham's children, you would do the works of Abraham." Another place he says, "If you can't believe me, why can't you believe the works? Ain't nobody can raise the dead." Right? Unless he's right of God. Even Nicodemus said, "We know that you're of God, cuz nobody can do these things." Amen. But now ye seek to kill me, a man that has taught you the truth which I have heard of God. This did not Abraham. Ye do the deeds of your father. Then came they said unto him, we be not born of fornication. We have one father, even God. Oh yeah. They wanted to look for something in Jesus. They found something. Yeah, that's right. Joseph and Mary were espoused, engaged. How many knows in the eyes in the Old Testament and they're new now that if you get engaged, you're as good as married. They say you was, you know, he wasn't even really formerly married and everything else and so you were born of fornication. Oh, they they found a way. Jesus said unto them, if God were your father, you would love me. That's why I said earlier people that want to say that they love Jesus of the Old Testament, not or of Calvary back then. But they refuse the vindicated proven Jesus of today shows what they would have really done. Amen. If you I proceeded came forth from God, neither came I of myself. Why do you not understand my speech? Because you cannot hear my word. Ye are of your father the devil. My my my people probably it probably didn't even bother. They were so cold in their hearts that Jesus himself said, "You're of your father, the devil." I don't know about you, but if somebody just raised Lazarus from the dead and healed the open eyes and he told me that I was of the devil, I would get weak in the knees. Oh no, don't say that. Please don't say that. I don't want to hear that. But he was that straight with him. He told him who their daddy was because he's a murderer. Amen. Listen. And the lust of your father will ye do. For he was a murderer from the beginning. That's right. Okay. And he was a murderer from the beginning. He shed righteous blood. Abode not into truth because there's no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of himself for he is a liar. Amen. Oh, you'll never be saved. You'll never be healed. Liar. You'll never be a Christian liar. You'll never make the rapture liar. How many know the devil is a liar? And I will say he's a good one. The devil is a good liar. He's good at it. I mean, he can go 99% truth. He went to Eve. God knows no this that or the other. Yay, God has said, but ye shall not. Just put one little word in there. And when he came to Jesus, he says, you know, uh, turn these, the Bible talks about, you know, jump off of here because the scripture says he shall not dash his foot against any stone. He used the scriptures against Jesus. Brother Brand said, boy, he come up to the wrong one. He met a thousand watt vaults. fry him. Because what did he do? He says, "Yeah, but it's also written. It's also written." That's what you got to do, devil. I know he says that, but it's also written. So, get thee behind me. I can't help but believe that there's a bride in this end time that's got a message that don't have to add to or take away from it. We've got a message that we can open up our minds and become an invincible army. Amen. We're going to be ready for the rapture. We're going to flee to the skies. What a day. Amen. Because we shall open up the one mind of our womb to this perfect word that he's brought. Hallelujah. That's going to be the avenue that God uses in open mind of children to take that pure word of God that has been identified, that has been vindicated of God, proven of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. My my my. The devil is the God of everything bad. Everything bad. He's the god of confusion, discontent, disorder, division, misunderstandings, indifference, funny feeling, bitterness, variance, strife, hatred, emulation, disobedience. Amen. That's what he's the god of. Amen. Okay. So, covered a proud look, wanting to be a somebody, a lying tongue. He's a liar. God hate that lie. No doubt. But God had to ask the angels, "Do you really believe what he told you? Do you really believe that?" Amen. Cuz it was a lie. Remember Dayan, he says, "You take too much upon yourself, Moses. You lift yourself up above the congregation. How many knows that was a lie? Moses didn't want the job, did he? God take somebody else. Do somebody else. No, I didn't lift myself up. God put me here. God hated that lie so much. That pride that rose up in Nathan. He says, "We're only two. We're only two." Just like the devil did. Hey, we're holy, too, God. You don't get all the glory. We want some of this glory. Watch out. Glory seekers. Amen. Folks, when I get up here, I be careful that I don't Everything's about I I I me I I I. Huh? It's him. Oh, my wife when people say, "Oh, sister, you got the fence." She says, "No, no, no. It's his faith. It's not me. It's him. Give him the glory. He gets the glory." Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So bad. Greed. But let's let's let's stop here. Let's go back to lies. Nathan lied. And then what did God what did Moses say? Moses said, "Go get your sensors. get your incense and come up here and let's see who God confirms and so forth. Ain't that right? Come to find out that God vindicated Moses. Is that right? Then Moses got to said, "Separate yourself. Get yourself away from these people." Get your get yourself out from among them. Get them away from their tents. Talk about division. God hates division. God a hate separation when it's the body of Christ. But now when it comes to unbelief, Amen. You better separate yourself. That's exactly right. Amen. Paul said it this way. How many, you know, there comes a time for separation. Unbelief and belief doesn't dwell together real well. Light and darkness has no fellowship. Something that's right and something that's wrong doesn't have fellowship. No, there's no fellowship there. Amen. And somebody that causes divisions in a church. Hello. Paul said it this way. I command you. He says, "I wrote you in an epistle not to keep company with fornicators, yet not altogether fornicators of this world, or the covetous or extortioners, idoltors, for then must be needs go out of the world. But now I have written unto you not to keep company." Hello. Don't keep company. If any man is called a brother, be a fornicator, covetous, or an idoltor, or a Always railing on somebody. Always saying something bad about people. a drunk or an extortioner with such a one know not to eat. So the Bible says if there's somebody causes divisions, get away from them. Don't hang around them. Don't listen to them. Amen. It's something how that God hates. God hates the things that happen. A lot of us, a lot of us, we are what we are because of the experiences that we've went through, the things that we've experienced. And that's the way it is with God. He isn't because of He isn't like we are changed. He don't change. But because of things that happen, isn't that right? There's certain things he especially hates. And the last of it was someone who sews discord. How many know that's what the devil did in Eve? He swed discord. Amen. M loves being of one accord. Amen. One mind. All right. I I'm going to pick that up again in in in First Corinthians here in a minute, but I want to go back to our thought. Looking at that clock, I says it's probably already time to go. We may have to hold you late again today. Wouldn't that be terrible? Thank you. Thank you very much. All right. All right. It's an abomination. How many know Brother says an abomination is some smoldering dump that stinks of puke and everything else? He hates it with a passion. A proud look a lion tongue hands that shed innocent blood. How many knows if you say something bad about somebody, you might as well have shot him. Watch out. You're a murderer. I wonder how many people over there will be guilty of murder. Well, you know what's going on at Evening Night Tabernacle. You know what this is, that the other. Go ahead. Shoot. You'll answer for it someday. Murderer. That's right. Killing the influence of somebody. That's right. Or a heart that devises wicked imaginations. A heart that devises wicked imagination. How many knows that the devil devised in heaven wicked imaginations? In other words, God knows what's in your heart. A heart, the heart talks about the heart that devises it. In Isaiah 14 and verse 13 says, "For thou hast said, in thine heart, in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven." He had a absolute wicked imagination. He devised something that was wicked. We deal with it today because of what he devised. And God hates somebody that says one thing and does another. Hello. You can say this and you can say that, but how many knows God knows why you're doing it. He knows the intent of your heart. We're not hiding it from God. You get something in your heart, you want a certain way, and you'll do anything to get it that way. You better watch out. God hates that kind of a heart. Always be what you are. Amen. Feet that are swift to running to mischief always into something besides what they should be in. A false witness that speaketh lies. Amen. A false witness. Somebody say something wrong about somebody. Ain't that right? God hates it. It's also a lie. Once again, that lie. And he that sweth discord among brethren to sow discord. How many know discord to so that discord brings division? It brings confusion. It brings variance. It brings emulation, wrath and strife. Amen. How many know God on the other hand he come to bring unity to make us one? How many believe that? Yes. One mind, one soul, one heart, one accord. Different ones even talk talked about it. God wants you to have the one mind, one accord, not a division. Amen. Praise the Lord. In 1 Corinthians 1 and verse 10, Paul says, "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and that ye speak the same thing." Amen. That you speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you. Amen. and that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. For it has been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Khloe, that there are contentions among you. Doesn't the Bible say one place there's envy and strife? Is there's evil, there's every evil work? How many knows God hates jealousy? God hates envy. cuz that's what the devil had in heaven. He envied him. He was jealous of him just like the Pharisees were jealous of Jesus because everybody was following him and they were jealous of him and they wanted to kill him because of it. Jealousy and envy is a terrible thing. Don't never let it come into your heart. Amen. The devil will try because how many knows that's where the devil works is try to plant something in your heart. sew something in your heart that's not supposed to be that be there. Amen. And the other thing that it does, what disunityity or discord does, discord, it's the opposite of being of one accord. It's like a fine running machine. Is that right? A fine running machine and a wrench. Maybe these pulleys are just running perfect, but you let a piece of steel or something drop into there. The teeth fly off, the belt flies off, the mean cl the machine clatters, bangs, and it just goes to chaos. You're like, "Oh my, it was the devil did in heaven. He brought chaos to heaven." That's what you're seeing over there in LA. Chaos. I told my wife cuz she was kind of bothered by that. I said, "Honey, it's just another riot. Don't worry about it. They did it in the 60s under Luther and all of these other Lutheran. They had riots. They have riots. They'll never be happy. There'll be those riots and there'll be more riots after that. I'm more interested in what God's doing in his people. Yes, that is a sign of how that like brother Brian said, the the moral decay, the nation is falling apart. Brother Bram said, the world was falling apart. Well, that's what it is. It's falling apart. I don't want to get political, but it comes to my mind how we know that Trump won what unanimously by landslide and now they want to resist him and they don't want to go with it. No, they want to, you know, even Walmart owner is part of coming against and let's resist resist resist. Yeah, you're not I don't want to say I want to say you're not American. You're not American at all. American is if certain ones, well, you got to put up with it. We put it up with it for four years. We didn't say no riot. Hello. So why you got to do that? Come on, be American. Wait till the next election and then you get your chance again. In the meantime, shut up and go home. Hopefully, they'll arrest them all. Hello. Isn't that the truth? Come on. You know the American people spoke. You can't even put up with that. Sometimes we don't want to. I don't want to sometimes, but you have to. All right. So, order. Let me say this. How many knows there was disorder in heaven? There was disorder. And I don't know about you, but I like order. My wife likes order. Amen. And uh the younger we get, I going to say that another older word. We like our house clean. She likes her house clean. She's more specific about it cuz man, I'll tell you what, if you aren't, you're just cleaning that thing all the time. And she gets on to me. Hey, you left your socks here. You left your cup here. And I want to get frustrated. I want to say what? But I thought, no, I'm very glad that she's like that cuz I like order. I told her years ago, I said, "If something ain't got a place, then you don't need to have it or something. Everything has to have its place." Amen. How many knows God loves order, the devil loves disorder? So much so that you know he said for children to be in obedience to the parents. Isn't that right? Everybody be subject one to another. Wives be subject to your husbands and all this. Husbands love your wives. God loves order. I love order. But the devil tries to come and bring disorder by discord and division. Amen. I'm going to go ahead and say it here. It comes to my mind. You know, you would have thought that message people could have learned from Pentecostals. Amen. That separated over whether he was coming with a from a cloud or heart. But we ain't learned a thing. No, we still separate over little issues just that or the other. Folks, if you can't get over little issues, you've got issues. That's right. You're just going to have an issue if you can't get over those little things. Amen. Somebody don't shake your hand and you want to go home and pout all your hair. Well, all we got just go pout then. You probably didn't mean nothing by it anyway. But no, you're going to have your little fit. That's right. Amen. We got to be grown up. I read it just this morning. It's time that the tabernacle be grown-ups, not babies. We don't want to be babies. Babies petty about every little thing. Babies still have pride. They still have pride in their hearts. It has been declared to you of the house that there's contentions among you. Now, I say this that every one of you says, "Well, I'm of Paul. I'm of palace. I'm from this church and I'm from that church. We go to this church. We got the best preacher. We got the best. We got this. The greatest this, the greatest that. You big bunch of babies. Still got pride. That's what they did. And Paul said, "Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? Or were we baptized in the name of Paul? I thank God I baptized none of you. But of these two, least they should say that I baptize in my own name. Amen. My Where's the other one? Where is the other one? There it is. Chapter three. that I baptize none of you except for these. You know, Christ sent me not to baptize but to preach the gospel, not with wisdom of men's words, lest the cross should be made of none afraid. In chapter three, he says, "I breed could not speak to you as unto carnal, I mean spiritual, but as unto carnal." Brother Bandham called them babies, even as unto babes in Christ. I have fed you with milk. In other words, your baby, and not me. For hither to you were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able. Are ye not yet carnal? For whereas there is among you envying and strife and divisions? Are ye not carnal and walk as men? For one saith, I am of Paul, another of Paulus. Brother Bram says that's I brother Brand but but Paul says you're still carnal. I mean know I don't care what church it is, what preacher it is. There are brothers and are sisters. We are brothers and sisters in this. Amen. And one day we're going to spend together eternity over there. We're not babies anymore. Get that pride out of your heart. Get all of those envy, any anything. Get that out of your heart. Cuz the devil will try his best to get bitterness or indifference or hatred or variance, just some little thing in your heart to cause you to be depressed. How many know depression is of the devil? Anxiety is of the devil. Being down is of the devil. Praise the Lord. All right. Can I go a little longer? How many knows that God God's children are the children of obedience to what God says? Amen. Those out there, they have no order. They don't care about law. They don't care about order of any kind. Hello. But God's children do. But the Bible said they are children of disobedience. How many know in our house we like order? Amen. It's been said, you know, they used to not count to one, two, three, four. Amen. It was like, I told you. And when you you might have reminded them and then after the I told you, you and I would have a soul saver in our house. That's right. I wrote on our big old paddle, soul saver. The Bible says, "Spare the rod and spoil the child. Thou won't kill him. Just try not to quite kill him." Okay, folks. It's a good thing, Sister Hannah, sometimes that we don't take brother Brandham literal. How many know she says I would my daughter would to come out with her whole clothes this that the other. She wouldn't get up for two weeks or something like that. Get up for two weeks. She couldn't get around. It was rough. Go read some of them quotes, folks. Three quarter dead. They'd be scared to death to do something wrong. But no, we count to two, two and a half, three, three and a half, four or four. You know, come on people. Why do you make yourself miserable? You're the one that trains them. You're the trainer and you train them to make you miserable. No, don't do that. Amen. We love order. They don't want to obey. Not I want to obey what God said. How many know better says every obedience to every word of God entitles you to the token. I'm here to tell you the prophet of God came to give us a word to get us back to what Eve disobeyed disbelief. We're not going to disobey or disbelieve the word of God. Not one word. Why? Then you're protected from the enemy. The devil can't come in here and poke nothing in there cuz he sure will try. I want to finish a quote where he said, you know, uh um let me see here. Satan will constantly punch at you until you're finished. Before he said that, he says, "Don't you ever let a little ism Hello. I mean know the devil is the god of isms or something another a little bad feeling ever arise among you. Hello. How many knows? You got to watch that. It's easy to let some little bad feeling towards somebody arise in your heart. How many has ever done it? I'll raise my hand. I'll raise both hands. I'll raise a foot. Two feet. Sure. Why? You're human. We have those things that happen. And that's the devil's avenue to bring division in the church. Hallelujah. I trust it ain't nowhere right now. If it is, we've got to rope and say, "God, brother Bible, I want that out of my life. I don't want no ism. I don't want no bad feelings. We all know what those bad feelings are. Or those little funny feelings. A little bad feeling ever rise among you. Get it out of there right now. Amen. Hit the little fox and grapes. So keep it out of the way. Any little funny feeling, go tell that person, I'm wrong. I don't feel right towards you or something. Help me and pray over it that I get better. Oh my. And I'm here to tell you if we could ever do that, if we could ever realize that if you have a bad feeling or you have the problem with somebody, go to that person say, "I need to get it right." And you both come to the altar, I'm here to tear things and get straightened up. The Holy Spirit would come and forgive and you'd walk out as brothers. That's the way the sevil differences under the blood of Jesus Christ. That's right. that I'll get better because we don't want nothing but just purely unadulterated Holy Spirit of God among us. Prophet says it best. That's what we want. Then the gifts and things will work right and everything will be coming and right. Oh, don't you just love us smooth? Something that runs smoothly. It's where the Holy Spirit had the preeminence in the church. Not no ism, not no funny feelings. All clear. Nothing between my soul and my savior. Amen. Amen. Let nothing between. Don't let nothing come in between you. Why have half a church when you can have a whole one? Why accept a substitute when the whole skies are full of the genuine? Amen. We don't want that. So if a little funny feeling ever comes up among you with the you members one to another, you go to that person. Amen. Praise the Lord. Then he says constantly the devil will always try. He'll always keep trying. Amen. In closing, Brother Bam says, "Stay right together." If you think he's a little wrong or a sister, say, "Lord, don't never let me get a root of bitterness springing up." What is it? It's the devil that wants to bring discord. God hates it. Amen. Just that little. He told Eve, just that little something. That's all he wants. That's right. Say, "Lord, don't ever let me have a root of bitterness spring up because it'll affect him and it'll take Christ right out of my life." All right, I might as well say it. Comes to mind. How many has ever got mad at your wife? Well, that's pretty lately, but that's all right. Well, the blood of Jesus Christ is still good. That's right. I you know we could probably all say our hand. Yeah. Yeah. And you know the feeling that you get when you do. Hello. In other words, it got to you, the devil got to you. Cuz the second the temper sink second the temper comes in, the Holy Spirit leaves. I'm sorry, but this is not how the Holy Spirit looks. He don't look that way. Nope. That's not the Holy Ghost. He done left. Look more like a wolf. Teeth, man. Why? Sure. That ain't canines in there. That's right. But the Holy Spirit just leaves. Amen. You realize, "Oh, I shouldn't have done it." Amen. What did I say? Husbands got mad at your wives. What about wives getting mad at your husbands? Man, I told him. I told him. Hey, my wife's got mad at me several times. And I hate to admit it, but she had to just call us cuz I'm a man and we're not because I'm not always as thoughtful as what I should be. Hello, aren't we? We're just a little more burly. Ah, that garbage will be all right. Next morning's scattered everywhere. But whatever it might be, but you've probably experienced where you just don't have that sweet feeling in your heart anymore. Amen. I hope that you men have gotten smart enough to learn that if you got to fuss with your wife, you should be the man of the house and go ahead and apologize first before she does. Hurry up. Huh? That's right. Me the man in the house. Say, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I got upset. I'm sorry I upset you." Because how many know it's a quick wave? Hello. Devil gets in marriages, boy. He gets in marriages and divides marriages because of feelings and unrepentitiveness and stubbornness and all that stuff. Amen. Brothers and sisters, it's a late hour. The devil will try to get in and make you miserable any way that he can. How many know that's the devil's objective is to make you as miserable as he is. I want to stick my tongue out at him almost and say, "You just be miserable. I'm not going to be miserable. So get away from me, devil." Right. Boo, devil, get away. That's right. Listen, he says, "That's right. It'll just take the Holy Spirit right away from you just to have that little rooe of bitterness, just to know that somebody isn't quite right." Right. Brother Ram says if you don't if you think he's a little wrong or he did you a little wrong or said something a little wrong. Hello. Be big. Be big. He didn't mean that. How many knows those those preachers sitting behind Brother Brandwood said, "Man, I had all kinds of thoughts coming at me. All kinds of terrible thoughts coming at me." He says, "They were just ricocheting off of me." You know what he said? They ricocheted off of me. Why? They tried to hit him and he just shugged him off. Those brothers back there, they caught it maybe and like where did that come from? Amen. I wanted to do a little study, but I'm here to tell you that when you sit back there with resentment, you're asking for a devil to get on you. You sit there with resentment and hatred and little bit of ah, you watch out, folks. It's a bad thing to do. People have dropped over dead because of it. Amen. Because the Holy Spirit knows exactly what our attitudes towards the word of God is. So he says, "Listen, that's right. It'll just take the Holy Spirit right away from you. It'll run him from the tabernacle here. It'll kill the spirit of God and drive it away from here. Hurt your pastor. It'll do everything. Don't you do that. You just wax that much closer together." And that's my message for the church this morning. Let's draw a little closer together. Let's have more love one for another, more compassion one for another. And the more the devil tries to get at you and make you miserable, the more you get closer to one another. And block the devil out. Are you with me this morning? Block the devil out. He ain't got no way. He's got to have somebody to work through. And he's not working through us. Why? Because he's under our feet. And we're going to keep him under our feet. Out of our minds. We're going to keep him out of our mind. He's out of our heart. We're going to keep him out of our heart. Amen. We're going to live for Jesus. Amen. He come to give us life and more abundantly, joy unspeakable and full of glory. There ain't no way you'll ever break those chains of the devil. You'll never break them outside of the power of the Holy Ghost. Cuz you are born with that nature, born with those things, born with them devils. Amen. And only the Holy Spirit can break that. Only Jesus can break us from those things. You feel for people that are chained. Stand with me this morning. Thank you, Lord. Musicians, if you'll come. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? How many that loves a God that has given us a way of escape? You've overcome this. You've overcome the world. You've overcome the devil. How did John say? He says, "By the faith that you've got in your heart." We overcome the devil by faith. By believing in the Lord Jesus Christ. That's the only way we overcome. Amen. Is having faith in the word of God. We're privileged people this morning, aren't we? God bless you. with heads bowed, a moment of an altar call. Let's not rush it. Prophet surely didn't. Is there any that would want to have a moment of prayer? I'll pray with you if you want. Maybe you're depressed. Maybe the devil's got you down. Maybe some of the things that I've mentioned has affected you and you want to get rid of it here and now. You want to say, "God, I want peace in my heart. I want love in my heart. I don't want no bitterness. I don't want to be miserable. I don't want any of those things in my life. This morning, I'm saying, Lord Jesus, give me your faith. Give me your life. Don't let me Don't let the devil make me miserable. God bless that hand. God bless that hand. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Lord Jesus, we raise our hands, Lord Jesus. And sometimes we fail. Sometimes we falter. We let things like that happen. But God, I pray that you will cause us to grow into maturity, Lord Jesus, to where we have control of our emotions, control of our affections, Lord, that the devil doesn't go in there and cause a little thought to come in, a little feeling to come in that is not like you. That we wouldn't have the right feeling, Lord Jesus. Perhaps a little bit of bitterness come in, Father, and we would sit there, Lord Jesus, and be miserable, God. I pray every hand that has went up. You see what's beneath that hand. Deliver now, Lord, as we surrender and commit ourselves to you, accepting everything you have said, obeying every command you've given, Lord, for we love you. You said, "If you love me, keep my commandments." And Lord, that's what we desire to do, Lord, to be in order, not to get out of order, Lord, but just to be where you want us to be. Live the way you want us to live, Lord, and stay fortified behind the word of God. Bless every heart now. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. Happy Father's Day to all of you fathers. May God help you to be a better father. How many wants to be a better father. I want to be a better father. I want to be a better grandpa and a happy grandpa, too. Everybody that's grandpa. I don't get to have a grandpa day. So, we're going to have a grandpa day. It's the same day as daddy day. All right, father and grandfather. God bless you. Amen. As you spoil them children rotten. No. Well, brother said, you know, God's not a dirty old grandpa. You know, I guess he said grandpas tend to be doy with them grandkids, but Amen. You just keep the balance. Ain't that right? God bless you. We love you. Amen. God richly bless you. May God help us all. I'm praying this for myself. Lord, help me to be better, closer to God, and more like him all the way around. How many is with me? Lord, help me to be a better Christian all the way around. Amen. And it's it's time. It's time that we buckle up the armor. Like brother Ram said, buckle the armor up, wax that much closer, and keep the enemy out. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Love the Lord this morning. Amen. How many enjoyed that? Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus before we go. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary this morning. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Pure and holy, tried and true. [Music] And with thanksgiving I'll be a livinging [Music] sanctuary for you once again this morning. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, [Music] pure and holy, [Music] tried and true, [Music] with thanksgiving. I'll be a livinging [Music] sanctuary for you. And the more that I surrender, [Music] the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. [Music] The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I leave. Lord, I love you more. Amen. Amen. And we can say it's been good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Remember the service Wednesday night at 7:00 and come hungry and you'll be fed. Amen. And as we go this morning, let's sing that old song. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings? Undeserving. That's what we are. But we ought to thank him. Well, ain't God good? God bless you to
