################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 5725 • Wed • Total War - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-08
Title:    Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/7/25 • Wed • Total War
Speaker:  Thomas Byler
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7W1MYeOXKA
========================================

Description:
Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/7/25 • Wed • Total War
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] When I love the glory. SW the Lord who save me by his grace when he takes me by a hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Aren't you looking forward to that day? Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's just stand if we could. How many's been able to accept the challenge of some priority praying? Amen. I like to see hands. And if you haven't joined in, join with us and see what the Lord will do. I tell you uh it's uh outside of the church, the word going around is there. People are expecting this to be the meeting of all meetings. So, I don't know. I don't know what's fixing to happen, but it builds some anticipation in me and and uh I I I got on my phone there and and I and I put a countdown in. We're exactly 7 days, 23 hours, 59 minutes, and 7 seconds from blastoff. So, uh you know, that's what they do when they have a a rocket that's fixing to blast off a rocket. They have a countdown. And so, uh we're going to have a countdown for the meeting of all meetings. And if you need some accountability, just tell brother Tommy. I told him we was that I was going to pray. My priority prayer was going to be at 5 in the morning. Well, at 4:59, he sent me a coffee of a a picture of a coffee pot and and some praying hands. I said, "Well, there's my accountability partner." So, but uh we won't keep you, but I do want to encourage you to keep praying. People's in anticipation. I think we're expecting some pretty some pretty goodiz numbers may be coming. people is coming, several from Louisiana, uh different sister churches around local. Brother Joseph Hammond's going to try to get his youth and some of the people there to come. So, uh we're expecting a pretty good pretty good meeting, the meeting of all meetings. So, uh if we let's just go to prayer. Uh brother John Hersburgger, would you lead us and open us in prayer? Yes, Lord. Amen. There'll be no sorrows there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more bing over there. But forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day. Glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. Brother David upon his face. The one who saves me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand, leads me through the promised land. What a day was that? This is something to think about. Well, there'll be no sorrow there and no more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain and no more over thee. And forever I will be. Oh, with the one who died for me. What a day. Glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. Oh, when my Jesus I shall see and when I look to save me by his grace, when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Are you looking for forward to that? My what will that be? No sickness, no pain. You know what the greatest part of that is? No more parting. And to look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. Aren't you thankful for the grace of God in your life? Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Brother Carson, that song Born Again, could you put that up this I started to say this morning, I've been all messed up today. I've been calling I was praying and telling the Lord to help me this morning and and I got thinking it's it's evening, sir. I need to wake up. But Amen. Well, born again. That's that's well born again. Oh, I'm free from sin. Well, I'm happy night and day. Oh, yes, it may. We shout and there's no bound. I know I'm again. Oh, and Satan tells me that I thought that I got saved. He tells me what a fool I have been. But when my mind goes back to that place where I break through, then I know that I've been born again. Oh yes, I'm born again. Oh, I'm free from sin when I have night and day. Oh, yes it may. Sh will go down will I know I and many times alone when my foot has grown weak when birds seem to rise up every day. But when I steal away, he answers my bleeding. My every need understand. Oh yes, I'm born again. Oh yes, I'm free from sin which I'm happy now and oh yes it shall be slow down. Well I know I take that course again. Oh yes I'm again. Oh I'm free from sin. I happy that [Music] day and I know [Music] I amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this evening. And Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. There's just nothing like being in the presence of the Lord. And you know, where God will come is wherever you invite him. And I was telling Jan, I said this morning, and I I tell you, I hadn't been up. I have not been able to get up at 5. So y'all pray for me. I have just been sluggish. And I you know, the Bible says, "Honest confession is good for the soul." Well, you pray for me that I can get up. I don't know what's been wrong with me, but I cannot. I have not been able to get up and I was praying going down the road this morning and and you know the Lord just come in the truck with me and he just talked to my heart and I said there's just nothing like being in the presence of the Lord. So you pray for me that I can get up at 5 and uh I don't know what's wrong with me other than being lazy. That's all I'll just contribute it to. Just pray for me that I can wake up and stay up. I get up at 3:00 or 4, but I just go back to bed and it don't take me long to go to sleep. But just pray for me this tonight. Amen. Let's sing that song. Is my Lord satisfied with me? I was praying tonight and this song come on my heart and Amen. I said, Lord, just give me strength. Give me courage to be what you want me to be. Well, one glorious day Jesus came and he made me whole. He so completely then satisfied my soul. Now as I face li trouble stormy sea I wonder if he is satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisied with me. I want my life to be what he had it in me. And when I come to that great eternity, he'll smile and sing he is satisfied with me. I'm satisfied with God's great redemption. I'm satisfied. It's sufficient for all men. I'm satisfied with his work on Calvary. But is my Lord fully satisfied with me? I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what you have in me. And when I come to that great eternal, he'll smile and sing. He has satisfied. Lord, give me strength. Give me courage. people that I may lead some lost secret to the I might stay for me that you might fully satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my to be what he have in me. And when I come to that great eternity, he'll smile and say, "He is satisfied with me." Once again, I want my Lord to be satisied with me. I want my life to be what he'd have in me. And when I come to that great eternity, he'll smile and say, "He is [Music] satisfied." Amen. Is that the word you want to hear is, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant." Amen. Amen. Brother uh Daniel and brother Caleb and brother Michael John, would you come take up the offering tonight? We have several prayer requests and I talked to brother Austin today and he's still not feeling really well and he said they weren't going to try to come to church tonight and he said SA had was still sick so he'd remember her and I asked him how Haven was doing. He said she's too honory to be sick sister Hannah is what he told me. and uh and Sister Serenity is doing well. So, I just pray that the Lord will just keep it away from her. And also, we want to continue to remember Sister Parish in the hospital and Sister Peggy. And also, uh uh Brother Steve and sister Becky are gone. They're going to be coming back this weekend. So, we want to remember them in prayer. And also, we want to remember Brother Wilson and Sister Tracy. They lost their son today. So we just want to remember them in prayer that God will just move in a special way for them. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand tonight. And amen, you know, and remember those sister Sherry and sister Donna that God will continue to give them good results. And brother Glenn and Janet, she's doing a lot better. And also sister Janette. So we we have a lot to thank him for, but we got a lot to pray for. Amen. Amen. Brother John, you still feeling better. So want to continue to remember brother John in prayer that God will just be with him. Brother Caleb, would you pray over the offering these needs tonight? Amen. I invited some folks to to the meetings today and I'm praying they'll come and man we just get a lot of folks in and you know we we all brought our lick of fire tonight. Let's make a big fire. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. Uh Sister Natalie, I'm looking for a city tonight. Amen. and we're fixing to turn to service to brother Thomas and Amen. We're just looking for a good time in the Lord, aren't we? [Music] And you know, I we say it was a good service the other day. Well, you know, when your wife cooks a good meal, you you don't not eat for a week. You keep eating. So, we're going to keep eating tonight. Amen. Amen. Well, I'm looking for a city, the one not made by hands. Well, I'm crossing over Jordan and I see the promised land. Oh, the rock will be parted and I'll be on my way. As we're crossing over Jordan, I can't say. And now I have that everlasting joy within. all sins. He came and he took away my sin with the he blessed me. He made me fully. He put that everlasting joy. And I'm drinking from the fountain that rubble that will bless that never shall. I'm feasting on God's plan. I'm crazy by and that everlasting joy is. Now I [Music] see you [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] message. I placed it in my heart. I've got the revelation. [Music] Everyone and now I have never join. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] once [Music] again and he took away my blessing. [Music] deep in Christ. Amen. Are you thankful for that joy in your heart tonight? Amen. Let's stand. Like I said, we're going to just turn the service to Brother Thomas tonight and looking forward to what God has for us. And Amen. And let's just sing that that song, Amazing Grace tonight. And I feel like that's the reason I'm here is because of his amazing grace tonight. Oh, it's amazing. Sing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that s of rain like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I found I was fine, but [Music] now was grace that my heart [Music] Embrace my [Music] fears. How precious that grace of you. [Music] I first believe. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. And I thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. Oh, I thank you, Lord, for making me whole. Thank you, Lord, for thy great salvation so rich and [Music] free. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, setting me free. Once I was lost, now I am. Now my soul is heaven now. And I thank Thank you, Lord, saving me. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Give him my hand. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? Good evening. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. That'll be all. I appreciate that. Amen. God is good. I trust everybody's having a good week. Certainly is good to hear, brother Austin, them feeling a little better. Amen. But I know that stuff still is jumping around a little bit. Amen. Can't wait to just shoot it for the last time and get it out of here. Ain't that right? Amen. And so, praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? Amen. I'm enjoyed them services. Amen. Sunday, that was good, wasn't it? Amen. And so, God is just very, very good. I was thought it was kind of funny how that he just going to kind of teach, you know, Sunday night. Did you hear him say that? He's just going to have a calm service, but all of a sudden, right? Amen. And it's just amazing to watch, you know. It's just amazing to watch a preacher that once once uh once that spirit kind of takes over, Amen. the Holy Spirit just have his way, boy, he'll say some stuff that you kind of step on your toes. And I'm telling you what, you better stand back whenever that Holy Ghost just really takes over. So, amen. A man just teaching or just preaching, it's it's good and it's edifying, but you know, it's just something special about when that spirit just comes in a special way. Amen. And so, that we appreciate that. We appreciate God doing that. And I believe that the Bible said he makes his ministers a flaming fire. Amen. So we are supposed to burn. Amen. So God praise the Lord. Amen. God is good. Amen. So I have I have something that I felt I feel like the Lord's laid on my heart. Amen. And it is I don't know, you know, it's quite a bit there. Amen. And I I I started to have like the fourth page and I looked over and I says, "Hey, you already wrote all that down." So once you start writ if you preach something over and over again you think well you know you done preached what you going to preach you know but whenever you write it down a second time I I write it down the second time other friend I'm say maybe you need to just hold off or Amen and just take what you got but any we do have quite a bit for you with the help of the Lord tonight I amen I don't I don't want to keep everybody too long but yet I want to try to convey it if I could. Is that all right? So, if he goes a little longer. Amen. I had to think when I was driving in there. Amen. I saw that that uh that revival fire and I thought, "Hey, we're not talking about we what will be. Let's just have the revival fire now, right?" Amen. That might as well be in a revival. Amen. Amen. We in a revival. So, praise the Lord. Amen. God is good. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Kind heavenly father, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Once again, thankful, Lord, to be able to assemble ourselves together, Lord. Father, our country, our nation, our laws are still letting us do this. And we appreciate that, Father, for we know there was a time when Christians like us, if we did something like that, like something like this, that we'd be drugged out and we'd be killed and imprisoned and all these things, Lord. And there may come a time for that again, Lord Jesus. But we do appreciate the freedom that we have to be able to assemble ourselves together and to do what we love to do, Father. And that's to come together to give you the honor and glory and praise to worship you, Lord Jesus, with the songs that we sing. And then, Father, to open our hearts, Lord Jesus, that you'll come and speak to our hearts, Father, the word of life, Lord Jesus, that we can call from here a change people, a better people than what we've come. Lord, we ask God that this this little thought that I feel Lord, you've laid upon my heart to minister, we just ask God that you'll just help me to get out of the way and even as it was prayed earlier that we just get out of the way and let you have your way tonight. Father, we thank you, Lord, for every believer that loves you. Everybody that comes to church and loves you and and listens to the word and those who can't come that stream. Lord, we ask God blessing upon them. But we ask God that you'll just have your way now in this service in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. We do want to have Amen. uh a u special prayer for the Fox family and Tracy. Amen. At the end, it just takes some time for all us to pray for them. Amen. How many believe they need it? Amen. And may may may the strength, amen, that comes only from the Lord. May they feel that. Amen. Because I believe God hears his children's prayer and it makes a difference. Amen. But uh anyway, so if you will turn your Bibles, Amen. this evening. Amen. And if you have my title up there, Amen. I want to speak on uh a title called Total War. Total war. Amen. Very different title, but I've only heard it a few times, but Amen. We'll get into it and kind of Amen. just uh try to express ourselves if we can. Okay. And uh where did what did I tell you to go? All right. Let's go to book of Daniel. Daniel. Amen. Book of Daniel, the third chapter. Amen. Praise the Lord. They have Devon and Jana on a Wednesday night. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hope y'all are enjoying it up on that hill so far. Amen. One of these days you'll have a big old house maybe somewhere. Amen. It'll grow. Gotta have dreams, right? Praise the Lord. Daniel 3. Little bit of reading. Amen. Only because I love this story so much, I decided not just to give a little scripture, but I decided to read it. Amen. In Daniel 3, and we'll begin with verse 16. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abidne answered and said to the king, this is chapter 3, 16, answered the king, oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thy hand, O king. But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy God, nor worship the golden image which thou hast made. Amen. Now, we know heated the furnace seven times hotter. Ain't that right? And verse 21 says, "Then these men were bound in their coats and their hos and their hats." It sounds like they were pretty much wrapped up, don't you? I mean, bound up in their clothes, everything. And were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Therefore, because the king's commandment was so urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flame of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down, bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonished, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counselors, "Did we not cast three men bound into this midst of the fire?" They answered, and said unto the king, "True, O king." And he answered and said, "Lo, I see four men loose walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt. And the form of the fourth man is like unto the son of God." And Neb then Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego came forth out of the fire. And the princes and the governors, the captives, the captives counselors being gathered together saw these men put whose uh upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed. Neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of smoke, so to speak, fire had passed on them. Then Nebuchadnezzar spake and said, "Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who has sent his angel and delivered his servants that trusted in him, have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies that they might listen to that that word and yielded their bodies." Amen. Remember over in the New Testament he said uh he said uh uh Paul said that you present your bodies a living sacrifice holy and acceptable unto God which is your reasonable service. Ain't that right? Amen. So we are to yield ourselves to God also. Ain't that right? That they might not serve nor worship any god except their own god. Therefore, I make a decree that every people, nation, language which speak anything a miss against the God of Shadrach, Meso shall be cut to pieces, and their houses shall be made because there is no other god great that can deliver after this sword. How many believes that tonight? We've got a God that can deliver like nobody else. Amen. Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in the province of Babylon. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word, you can be seated. Amen. As we think about total war, Amen. I guess I heard this phrase somewhere uh I heard this phrase. Amen. That came out of World War World War II. And I believe the Germans made it. The Germans, I believe, made that statement. I heard him make that statement one time. Amen. One of their spokesmans up there because guess what? They had they had all of the allies coming after them. Ain't that right? And they realized that, hey, guess what? We're going to have to think of this as total war. Complete war. Amen. So, I looked up and I I asked Siri to pull up what this uh where this uh total war phrase comes from and what it really means. The phrase total war seemingly originated amongst French writers during World War I. Amen. Uh f the French writer Leon Doet uh published a collection of essays called the total war. Amen. Like a world war, complete war. Amen. Amen. And uh in 18 in 1918, the phrase was popularized by the 1935 publication of a German general general Eric Ludenolf World War II memoir. He says at the total war. Amen. Amen. And I thought about that total war. I thought about what the prophet of God said, how that we're now uh the the greatest battle that was ever fought is just beginning is going is is going on. Amen. In that message called the greatest battle that was ever fought. And I thought, you know, that's the way that a believer, a Christian, that's what we're going to have to do. We're going to have to go to total war. Amen. In other words, go into uh the area that's supposedly ours, the property that is ours, and take back, Amen. everything that the devil perhaps has taken from us. We are not going to uh and ex to accept a conditional surrender. Isn't that what uh Moses tried, Pharaoh tried to do with Moses? And he says, "Well, just take some of your men and women and whatever and go off for a while, but then come back or and leave this and leave that." Amen. But he said, "No, we're not going to leave one hoof behind. We're not going to leave one thing behind." Amen. How many believe that we're in the final war? You and I are in the final war. We are the final soldiers of God in the final war. You might not think much of yourself, but God thinks quite a bit of you. Why? Because he had you born in this generation. He called you specifically. Amen. Personally, how many believe that to be a real child of God, you have to have a personal call from God. God has to personally call you. They had to personally save you, bring you into this army of God. Amen. The other thing that it says that it means total war is a type of warfare that includes any and all resources. Amen. I like that. Amen. in the war you uh includes any and all resources and infrastructure. Now, this says as legitimate military targets. Amen. So, you know, that's a little bit of what we did in World War II. We, you know, we did a little bit of that civilian bombing. How many knows we burnt cities, man? We had one one night 40,000 we would kill in one night. It was pretty devastating. It was bad cuz we realized that we're going to have to break these Germans. We're going to have to break them. And it was tough to break. Amen. Because they were out for total war. They were out. Amen. I thought I thought, you know, I've seen quite a bit of that. And I'll just put this in here because they thought that they were supreme. They were better than anybody else. And the Russians were undermentioned. Undermentioned under under people. Underhumans. Subhumans, I believe it's called. They were subhumans. You know, after brother brother Glenn, after we defeated them, you could have rubbed it in a little bit, couldn't you? They say, "Okay, now who is the subhuman? You aggravate you a little bit, right?" Amen. The subhumans whooped y'all. What does that put you? Where does that put you? Way down there somewhere. Amen. But anyway, we'll leave that alone. But I thought about that. And the other part is it says that Amen. It mobilizes all of its resources of society to fight the war and gives priority to warfare over non-combatant needs. Amen. I mean, he believes even Jesus said, he said, "Don't worry about your food or your clothes or what you shall wear." Ain't that right? He says, "God knows that you have need of these things, but seek ye first the kingdom of God. And all these things will be added unto you." In other words, all of our natural things, that's all secondary. The first thing is is to have God in your heart. The first God is first. Amen. I wrote down here in order. In other words, you you got to go all out. Amen. To be all to be all in. You got to be all out. You got to go all out if you want to be all in. Even Jesus I mean even Jesus said, "Unless you're willing to forsake all to follow me, you're not worthy of me." Amen. Amen. This tonight's service really is focused towards Christians that are Christians like yourselves, seasoned Christians. I want to talk to seasoned Christians tonight. Would that be okay? I want to talk to about how that you can go a little higher, go a little deeper. Isn't that right? I'll use a lot of quotes that I'm familiar with that I just basically wrote down there new revelation on. Amen. But completely, totally. Amen. Paul, what did Paul say about it? Paul said, "I have I have uh suffered the loss of all things that I may win Christ." When Paul went in, he went all in. You cannot be a real Christian unless you are all in. 100%. We're living in the hour of climax. Isn't that right? We're in the final stage, the final lap, so to speak. How many knows in that final lap, in that last 10 yards, so to speak, what do they do? They give it all they got. And that's what you all got to do. That's what I got to do. Evening Light Tabernacle. That's where we've come to. We've come to the place, amen, that we're moving forward. But we're going to have to give it all that we got. If we're going to be triumphant and if we're going to make that rapture, Amen. I want to tell you something that those tapes and those messages, the word off of those books, it's going to have to come off the books and into our hearts. That's where it's got to come to. Nothing less than that is going to take us in the rapture. It's time for us to have a complete and total deliverance. It's time for us to come to the place where we separate ourselves total a total separation from unbelief. How many know the biggest enemy that you and I have is doubt. The biggest devil there is a devil of unbelief because that stops you from getting saved. It stops up everything from the blessings of God. But faith, if thou can't believe, all things are possible. So if you can believe tonight, there's nothing that is impossible. Brother Andrew Glover preached on that. Believing that all things are possible, there's more power for you. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God's doing something in in the church here. Move going on. Amen. Notice a lot of our young men and different ones, they're coming to church and they're all dressed up in suits. Praise the Lord. People's dressing nicer. I had to think, you know, what's what's this all about? Even I'm trying to dress a little nicer. I dress I dress green. My wife does a good job, right? And I said, "Honey, you know, it's green. Doesn't that have something with St. Patrick's Day or something?" You know, she said, "Don't worry about all that." But I thought, you know, I thought that's good. It's a good thing if I come and you invited me to your house, I wouldn't come in my dirty work clothes, would I? No. If I went to visit you each other, we'd kind of dress our better clothes. Ain't that right? Sure we would. What about coming to the Lord's house? Coming to see the Lord, we want to present ourselves and be decent. That's right. Amen. Now, we've had several come to church not so long ago, and I don't want to mention names, but you'll know who I'm They'll know who I'm talking about. Come to church. Amen. And working and come with dirty clothes. And you know, I wanted to go up. I think I think might might have been might I won't mention, but I wanted to go and shake their hand. I said because guess what? Just if you are working somewhere, that's all you got. Well, praise God. Come to church anyway. We don't want you to miss church. Amen. Praise the Lord. Most of them say, "Well, I ain't dressed. I ain't ready. I'll go. Just listen to the devil if you want to." Amen. I don't care if you're all greasy. Just try to get you a chair out there somewhere where you don't get our nice pews all dirty. We'll fix you up somewhere. Amen. But but come to church. come expecting. Amen. I thought that's all right. Praise the Lord. Amen. God's moving. When preachers come here, every one of them say, "It's so easy to preach to your group. So easy to preach." Woo. This is off the page trip. But you know, I thought that's right. We're not fussing and fighting and bickering and complaining about everything. Because if you add that to brother Bam said the Holy Spirit would be gone. You can't have any revival under that kind of conditions hopefully. Amen. We're mature enough. How many know this is the age of maturity? This is the hour of absolute total. Amen. A complete maturity for people. We're not babies anymore. We're not children anymore. We're not tossed about anymore. We've come through trials. We've come through testings. We've come through molding places. We've come Amen. And I'm here to tell you, Amen. You want to get stronger. How many wants to get stronger? But guess what? If you're going to fly higher, what does it take? Sometimes it takes wind to push you higher. You realize how much of a push this church got. When my my wife was diagnosed with that cancer, I'm telling you what it did. It didn't take us down. It pushed us greater up there. When the wind blows, we set ourselves in Christ. Our worship went up. Our expectation, our unity went up. Why? Because of the wind. I love it. I've even preached a message on it before. Amen. But everything the devil throws at you. Amen. It works. It's counterproductive to the devil. The more he does that, the stronger he makes us. And God allows him to do stuff to make us stronger. Amen. Praise the Lord. We don't like it. Don't feel good. But that's the only way you get it. The only way Amen. Completion, the only way character comes is through suffering. God never promised us a flowery bene. How many knows it's not just about running the aisles and shouting and screaming and having a good time in church? No, it's about the trials and the tribulations and the hardships that we go through. Amen. And a Christian can show his gratitude and his love to God by conducting himself with joy amidst the trials that God allows to come his way. That's a direct quote. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Total war. Amen. Will not leave one hoof behind. It's time to make footprints. Footprints means possession. Amen. If you're in a battle, do you got a sword? You got a shield. All of your warriors are there with you. And you meet on that center that that molding ground that that battle ground. Come here, brother. That right. Stand right here. Amen. We're fighting each other. We're fighting each other. And we have that sword up. We have that shield up. And all of that warriors will go up and push a little bit against me. Oh, this is going to be rough, ain't it? But every step I get, woo, there I got 5 10 in. That's right. Woo! There's another five 10 inches. Footprint means possession. Don't even try Danny. But get 4 foot, get 8 foot. Every inch of ground that you gain that you fight for, but B says the land is yours. This Bible is yours. But you're going to have to fight for every edge. You're going to have to fight the the the doubts that come into your mind. Amen. You're going to have to fight every thought that comes into your mind. That's where the battle is. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Wear me out, Danny. Yeah, I thought about that. Every inch, every place where the foot of your soul puts is yours. However much of this you can take, it's yours. And I don't know about you, but I want complete victory. I want complete joy. I want complete peace that passes understanding. I want complete power of God in my life. Amen. Not just partial, not just a little bit. But I'm telling you, that's where our problem is. Amen. This partial stuff. There's a little bit. We got to go all in. We're going to have to go all in. Amen. Let me just start here. All in. And I thought allin. That's right. In Psalms, how many knows that David knew all about allin? He said, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way and of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law does he meditate day and night." Now, how many knows that a lot of times that that's where we have we're so busy that we got to fight, we got to do battle just to have a little time. Amen. I went out there and did my chores, Brother John. You know, when I got done 11:00. That's quite something. You said, "Well, what time did you get up, brother?" as late as I [Laughter] could. I'm going to preach tonight. I'm going rest long as I can this morning. I'mma do my eight hours tonight. But still, you know, just and I thought, boy, you know, if I wouldn't have this, I'm here to tell you, brother Ben, we know that if we don't have time for prayer, we don't have time to study, it ain't going to be all that good. It takes dedication. It takes devotion. How many believe we need to be more dedicated? Oh my different time people rededicate the building and rededicate this. So many time we need to rededicate this thing and keep it dedicated. You want to be stronger, you're going to have to be more dedicated. Dedicated to prayer, dedicated dedicated to listening to the voice of God. Amen. I have several things I want to go through if I can. This is just the first part. Amen. Praise the Lord. In other words, you got to be focused. Ain't that right? Keep your focus. It's so easy to get distracted. I dare say you go very long without thinking about God, you're going to God is going to just kind of drift away from you. Ain't that right? Why do you think that he said on his law does he meditate day and night? It's something that's 24/7. Amen. Everything else is secondary. Joshua, he told Joshua, "This book of the law shall not depart out of the mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night." Think about it. If he told Moses that, he told Joshua that, don't you think if we're going to be Christians, we're going to have to do the same thing? day and night, and thou mayest observe to do all according to all that is written therein. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. I don't know about you, but that's what I want. Didn't Don't you want to be a successful Christian in this hour? I'm just going to preach it as it comes. Amen. We ain't got no persecution. There ain't people coming in here putting guns in our heads. Hey, you better quit. When's the last time somebody actually persecuted you for righteousness and for your goodness? No, it's not so much so, but what did what did brother Bam say? The pressure at this hour. It's riches. It's lukewarmness. That's what you got to fight. Lukewarmness and too much worldly things, riches and cares of life. They want to drown out the Holy Ghost out of you. It sucks the life out of you. The cares of life suck the life out of you. I even believe brother Bam said he said we could be this. We could be better Christians if it wasn't for all the other stuff that we had to do. We got to do it though. Can't stop doing it. Can't be lazy. But you got to get a balance. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I like this. I like because listen, he said you're going to have good success. Then he said, I commanded be strong and of courage, good courage. Be not afraid and don't be dismayed. Amen. Don't be dismayed. Don't let anything dismay you. I want to be the kind of soldier this battle that's all out that isn't dismayed about anything. Let's admit it. Stuff comes that rattles us. Amen. Sometimes it takes you a while for you to get your balance. Amen. But wasn't it something what Billy Pal said about his dad? He says, "The miracle of my dad was was such a miracle his heart that he could control every circumstance." I believe it was. No matter what comes his way, he controlled every circumstance. Amen. Lord, help us to be like that. So our thought tonight is first of all you have to you have to stay focused. In other words, keep your mind on God. Keep God first in everything. You get away from that, you get away from God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Day and night. Another place he talks about tie it on your bed post. Meditate on him. Ain't this something? When you talk about the Lord, he comes near. We can come in here in the church all drooy and drabby, but let the preacher come here and start preaching the word. You begin to receive it. Hello. And some of that begins to go away. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. The second thing that I want to talk about is us as warriors in this total war. I'm talking about defeating devil. The devil driving him from every part of your being. Hello. Amen. And the biggest enemy you got is yourself. That self. Amen. Amen. That little areas, those little areas that are still not surrendered to God. I want to say that. I'm going to talk talk about that for a minute. But listen, God wants us to be complete Christians. I want to be a complete Christian. I don't want to be a half Christian, not threequarter. I don't want to believe mostly or somewhat, but I want to be 100% Christian. I don't care nothing to be a nothing about being a fake. Amen. I don't want to be a Pharisee. You see? Amen. I don't want to be sad like a sad. You see? You see? I want to be a Christian, Lord. I want to be a Christian in my heart. Now, I want to be a whole Christian. Amen. A real warrior in this battle. Amen. Because I truly believe I was thinking this as I was meditating on the Lord of how brother Brandon would say, he says, "Something's fixing to happen. Something's fixing to happen." Didn't he keep saying that? Something's fixing to happen. and always something happened. I mean, how many believe something's fixing to happen? We'll still say something's fixing to happen. Now, I want to tell you something else. Something is happening. Something is happening in the hearts of his warriors. Something is happening in his church, in his people. God is moving. Because we in this battle, we're either going to be ready for the rapture or we're not. Is that right? But Abraham says he, you know, I don't see anything hindering the coming of the Lord outside of the readiness of the bride. Of us being ready. Amen. To be ready, to get ready. And we want to look at some of those things that we got to have in order to be ready with the help of God. But let's talk about this first. Let me read just being listen. Brother Abraham says when God called Moses, he called him to be a complete prophet. When God sends a man to do anything, he completely or totally he says that prophet was a total complete prophet. He completely equips him with everything that he has need of. Amen. How many glad for that? How many take that for yourself? Come on, suck that up. Say, "Yeah, that's right. He gives you everything that you have need of to be a Christian." Thoughts are just coming so fast. But brother Bam says, you know, if you could get everybody to be in a believer and get all doubt gone in the next 20 minutes, 10 minutes, there wouldn't be a feeble one among us. There would be nobody desiring the Holy Ghost. So what's hindering? What's stopping it? Amen. He said, you know, everybody's making everybody an example, wanting to be an example. You remember when he preached on that talking about you know if you see watch hop along Cassidy and everybody's riding a broom or this that or the other they watch a little bit Tarzen of the apes and they're up in a tree. He was brother Brandham was he said for a tree you know and he says it's what people look at it's what they want to be he says if everybody really wanted to be like Jesus as much as that you could dismiss the police force you could dismiss the hospitals I don't see the police force dismissed yet. Amen. What about the hospitals? We still have to go visit the hospital. Would to God that we was at that place where the people at this church wouldn't have to go to the hospital. That's a kind of big, isn't it? But that's him. Amen. My Lord, help us to see where we're at. Amen. Perfectly. He completely equips him. Amen. God always completely or totally equips his man. And listen, just like you, if you're a Christian, God don't make any halfways. He makes complete total Christians. That's his impression is for you to be a 100% warrior, a soldier for the cross. Amen. One thing Hitler did was completely brainwash his soldiers from youth. Isn't that right? I mean, them folks believed that they were a superior race. It was terrible what they did because of what they believed. Amen. God doesn't brainwash us, but he washes our brain. Amen. The carnal mind is emnity against God. He wants to have let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. How many believes to be a real warrior in this battle, you've got to have the mind of Christ. You got to think like he does. Amen. All right. God don't make halfway preachers, but a preacher can be halfway. God and God makes his children Christians. But sometimes they're halfway Christians. God's not God's intentions for them to be that way. How many times have I pre repeated that? Maybe we need it again. Isn't that right? But it's their own way. Still a little bit of our own ways. How many believe that tonight? We as a Christian mature Christians. If we're still not what we ought to be, then all I can point you to is that there's still a little bit of your own ways in there. The Lord help us. There's still a little bit of our own ways there. What does a complete what does a real Christian complete Christian a real warrior look like? You want to see it? Here's a something that I read not so long ago. Amen. Amen. Listen. God cut every obstacles from the human beings that we might be connected back like in the garden of Eden. Now man, better stops. I was going to choke on it, but I'm going to say it. Man is omnipotent. Don't you believe that? Yes, he is. Amen. I love this phrase because it's the key to the next one. How can you be omnipotent? All things are possible. Nothing shall be impossible for you. That's true. How can you be that way? How many wants to know? Right here it is. A man that's fully surrendered. Men, I want to say in this complete and total war, a man that is really going to be victorious has to be totally and completely surrendered. In other words, you've got to realize that you're dust like the prophet of God said. No big eyes and little 's, no high horses, no pride. We all realize that we're just dust. Amen. Amen. That if time carries this nice suit, he'll dress me in a nice suit. If time carries and I don't make the rapture, which I'm trusting for the rapture. They'll laid his body in a casket. There's nothing to this body. There's nothing to me. There's nothing to you. The only thing that is of any value about us is him. Amen. We got to go on that Damascus dust and realize we're nothing and say, "God, keep me out of this. You have control." Completely surrender to God. My third thought here. Complete surrender. Like what, brother Ber? What kind of an example can you give me? All right. Let me give you an example. Amen. Wives submit. submission completely surrendered. Submit yourselves to your own husband as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their husbands in everything. Amen. So, what does God use for an illustration of complete surrenderance? submission. Perfect submission. All is at rest. My head tells me what I'm to do next. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many knows? The head controls the body. Kick. Kick back. Jump. Put your hands out. Amen. I mean, that's what God wants out of his church. Christ is the head. We are the body. Glory. Aren't you glad to be the body? And whatever the head says, that's what you do. How many believe we need to be sensitive every day, every hour of the day. If you have a question about something, here's a key. If you have a question about something and want don't know what to do, ask God. How many believe God will tell you? Sometimes you'll ask your pastor this, that, or the other. But I want to tell you, I believe it's important for every individual to be so close to God that sooner or later he'll tell you exactly what you ought to do. And you need to develop that relationship with God that you know, hey, I asked him and he told me. I ain't got to ask Tommy. I ain't got to ask. I ain't got to ask brother Brad. I've got a master that tells me what I ought to do, what I shouldn't do. Don't be a baby have to have people baby you all the time. No. Have an experience of your own. Have a relationship of your own. Hear the voice of God for yourself. How many believes that? Hear the voice of God for yourself. He'll answer you. He's not a dead God. We're just deaf when it comes to hearing sometimes. And we need to get our ear on. Say, "God, help me to hear when the spirit says something." That's why I don't try to do anything too hasty. Lord, what do you say in this? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Okay. A man is omnipotent when he is fully surrendered to God. Fully surrendered to God. That's what it takes. Amen. Brother Bram says, "Not the power." Amen. and our brother Joe Adams. Brother Joe Adams preached on us having the power of God. The power that'll raise us up is right in us now. How many you believe that it's in us now? Resurrection power. We are now in heavenly places. We are now in the power of the resurrection. And he says, "If there wasn't a law to that power, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out here and go live a private life on it. You have to have the power in you. You have the power in you to do it." Amen. See, God is omnipotent. The power is that's in you. You could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Hallelujah. There you are. Ain't that something? He said, you got the power. You have the power to create a world and go live on it. Now, my next part is going to be that if we're going to go to a rapture and if we're going to conquer everything that the devil has and throws at us, one thing you're going to have to do is you're going to have to be uh like Enoch because before Enoch left, he had this testimony that he pleased God. And how do you please God? Well, the Bible says that without faith, it's impossible to please God. So, you have to have faith. How many believe you got to have faith? You got to live by faith. You got to walk by faith. And we want to take a look at this. I don't know if I'll get any further than this or not, but let's look at that the meaning and and and and the detailedness of the of faith because I was thinking, you know, I was thinking of this and then I pulled the quote up and he says, "We've got the power in us to create a world and go live on it." He says, "And that's the power that is in the church, but it's controlled by a law." Amen. And that law is not a bunch of a commandments or keeping a bunch of a commandment but it is the law of faith. The law of faith. Jesus said all things are possible to them that believe. If you can believe anything is possible. Let me stop there and ask you what faith is. Brother Bam said that faith is something that is revealed to you, something that's shown you. He also makes a statement that you ought to pray for revelation more than anything else in the world. Cuz revelation is God making his word real to you. real to you. That's what we need. The reality of God in our lives. Reason why we can't do that is because you've got to have faith. And how many believes you it's got to be the faith of God. Amen. God's faith. Paul said, "The life that I now live, I live by the faith of the son of God." The song says that we're living by faith. The just shall live by faith. That's what we're to live by if we're going to please God is we live by what God reveals to us. I preach what God reveals to me. Amen. All right. Let me go into this for just a little bit. The law of faith. Here it is. Here's the statement that really is going to help somebody that just thinks that you can just believe this uh believe something, ask for it, and then be greatly disappointed because that can happen. Because see, it's got to be revealed by faith. God has to reveal it to you. Faith is a revelation. The law of faith. Isn't that something how he put a clause in there? And here, this goes for just about anything. I truly believe. He says, "If you will believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe." Amen. That is yours. Every place the soul of your feet sets by faith, God gives it to you. We could preach all night. How many knows Moses had a revelation from God that he is to go and deliver God's people? There wasn't enough devils in hell or hell to stop that. Brother Bam said if God reveals to me, he gives me the faith to go and raise Abraham Lincoln up, I would invite the whole world. It's very important. There's a big difference between you just trying to believe something and God quickening something to you. God giving you the faith for it. God's not going to give you faith for something that doesn't that isn't in his will. Even the Bible says God doesn't give you things that is not according to his will. And that's why we ask a myths. God has to drop the faith in your heart, the revelation. If it's cancer, healing for cancer, I don't care what it is, God has to drop that down in your heart. You can say, "I believe I'm healed. I'm believe I'm healed. I believe I'm healed. I'm believe." You may do that mentally. And die. Hello. But if God drops it down in there, you don't know how much I was how happy I was when my wife said, "No, it's not me. is not my faith. I don't get the credit. It's all him. If it's the right faith, it will produce what God has said. That's what it's going to take to be a mighty warrior for us not to miss it so much. How many would say, "Lord, help me not to miss it so much. Drop it down." Even brother Bannon wouldn't tell people, "Oh, your child is well. If I tell you that and then it doesn't happen, look what it'll do." No, I wait on God to tell me that's going to be. Then I will tell you. Amen. God's got to drop that faith down in your heart. And if he does, that's God's faith and it can't be stopped. How many believes it was God's faith according to Hebrews 11 there? By faith, we know that God created the heavens and the earth. By faith, we understand that Moses would come into Egypt, took over. By faith, Samson slew a thousand Philistines. Ain't that right? By faith, Shamgar got a revelation. I'm gonna knock him dead. When he went out there, he had no question. I'm going to knock him dead. And he did. And he become omnipotent. A man that was completely surrendered to God is omnipotent, all powerful. But you got to be surrendered to God. your will to surrender to God. Everything about you surrendered to God. Not one arm in and one arm out. This halfway stuff will never work. A halfway walk with God will never work. Hello. Having a revival every six months ain't going to work. Having a revival once a year ain't going to work. That's not the way that we are. We're the kind of people that have a revival all the time. You never have to let the revival die. Glory. They must have took a picture and put it on that paper out there. Brother Tommy took a picture of that fire. Holy Ghost fire. Well, we're all assembled here today and we just want to share a few thoughts with you that we feel like maybe we could share might help you a little and boring as all get out. No fire, life, joy. Oh, I'm just so happy. I can't stand myself. What does it say? If you're happy, why don't you notify your face? You need a notification if you really have joy. Amen. You'll act like these little kids when they go out there. They'll just jump and run and carry on. Why? Because well, oh my. How many knows it's so needful? The baptism of the Holy Ghost, the falling of the Holy Ghost that sets the preacher free. Amen. Should fall on you and sets you free, too. It's not just for me. It's for everybody because there's liberty in the Holy Ghost. There's freedom in the Holy Ghost. There's joy in the Holy Ghost. And every one of us can have it. Yeah. Give me five. Praise the Lord. Glory. See, where Christ is, there's liberty. There's freedom. We need more of it. The preacher needs to let go. He needs to get out of the way. The congregation needs to let go and get out of the way. Let God have his way. Worship God like never before. Live for him like never before. Fight like never before. Believe like never before. I ain't got that much breath. God is good. No conditional surrender. unconditional. You're getting off my land and you're getting all the way off my land. Don't you ever come back. That's what we're gonna tell the devil. Don't you never come back. Don't you never try to steal my joy again. Don't you never rob me again. We don't have a partnership. You can't live in this part of my life. You can't live in that part of my life. Be gone, devil. Be gone, depression. We're here for a total war. Complete war. We're gone to the other end. We're going to find that Hitler. We're going to find his bunkers. We're going to go all the way down there. He better commit suicide cuz we will shoot him up. We will blow him away. Hello. That's what we'll do to devil. Don't you hide in no basement nowhere. Don't you hide in no corner of this church. You better get on out. We want the lame to walk. We want the sick to raise be healed. We want the dead to rise. Christ can do anything. We want the clock to stop. Give me a minute to catch my breath. That all right. Amen. How many believes we're not just fair weather Christians? God don't want just fair feather fair weather Christian. Man, the Bible says if that we by sufferings and through much patience come to perfection. Now we praise God in the good times. We praise God in the bad times. We conduct ourselves with joy. Whatever trials come our way. Blessed be the name of the Lord. If Job could lose all of his children and still said God takes away God gives, blessed be the name of the Lord. He worshiped God. He was at total war with the enemy. His wife might even give up, but he didn't. Why? Because Job was such a great man. No. Because the great God was in the great job. Hello. It ain't the Holy Church. It's the Holy Ghost in the church. That's who gets promoted. That's who get exalted. It wasn't Samson. It was a surrendered Samson that when he stayed in the place where God had put him, there was no stopping him. Woo. Tell it to me again. How many know there's no stopping this bride? Cuz I'm here to them tapes. They're jumping off the books and they're coming into my heart. God is building a statue of a perfect man, not imperfect man. How many wants to come to the fullness of the stature of Christ, not a partiality? That's why I'm so thankful that all the babying, all the bickering. Oh, the pastor doesn't do this and this one doesn't do that. I'm sorry. Let me go over here and flop this down in the bathroom and pull you out a diaper. Cuz that's what you need. You need a diaper. Brother said, "You're still in kindergarten. You're still a baby. You ain't overgotten. You haven't overcome anything. How many believes that Jesus is coming? He's coming not for defeated people. He's coming for overcomers. People who have overcome. That's who he's coming for. Praise the Lord. Pull that parachute. We're done. That's in memory of Brother Juwel. Ain't that right? In memory of Brother Juul. Not that he's dead, but just all the good times. The good times he's preached to us. Pray God still gives him long life. Amen. We love Brother Juwel. He's always said, "Let me parachute out of here." Praise the Lord. You're going, church. You're moving. Don't let the devil have one foot. Don't let him push you back that 12 ines. You keep going forward and forward and forward. Amen. God bless you. Okay, let's stand. And before the musician, before the musicians come, Amen. We want to have prayer. Amen. For brother Wilson Fox and Tracy Fox. Their little boy, precious little son, didn't make it in birth early this morning. And I can only imagine it. Their sorrow, how they're feeling. Amen. I don't know if they'll be listening, but I'll say this. You have to be careful during that time because the devil will whisper to you. He'll tell you things like, "God isn't real. God doesn't love you or you did something wrong or whatever it might be." Ain't that right? And you can just really depress yourself even more. Or you can have this confidence that he's in God's hands and he's in much better hands than even the parents would be. Amen. Sure, you wanted him, but he's in good hands. And we believe you'll see him on that day. Ain't that right? Realize and live for the day. Just as brother Brandon when his little baby died and his wife died, he lived to see the day that he would see him again. Amen. We pray that they'll be encouraged that the Holy Spirit will give them strength through the thoughts that they will have on the word and the promises of God. The promises of God is their only hope for strength. Amen. God knew best. Ain't that right? God knows best. Amen. You worship him. He love Lord gave. He take away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. don't always understand it, but we trust his hand. Amen. Yes, brother Joe. No, I haven't heard. So Monday night we were coming from Hopkinsville and we seen a bunch of uh heard a bunch of sirens and saw lights and so forth. Well, come to find out the next day I found out that four uh Menanite girls that three of them uh were the daughters of John Hoover down the road and a visiting friend of their a relative or visitor from Pennsylvania drunk driver run over them in front of Hampton's meat market. And um it's it's to my my knowledge that that two of them are very critical. Um and I had actually heard that two of them had passed, but I heard that was not true. So we're hoping that's not true, but uh we know they're in critical need. It's like I said, three sisters. One of the sisters was in very critical condition. I think one of them worked at Slayighbox Bakery. Uh but just a terrible situation for that family and it kind of it's devastated the community and and the ones who know them. And so let's just remember them in prayer and just trust that the the Lord will uh go and intervene in that situation as well. and and uh we believe he's more than able to to go to that hospital uh and touch those young ladies and if they don't know him in the way they should, we trust that he will speak to their hearts that they would turn their lives to him and just believe that uh he'll move in their life and and just be with the community during this time. So, and you know, you know, we we pray for them and it's sometimes it's hard to say, but we we have to also be conscious of the guy who hit him. Even though he was intoxicated, he was under the influence, he probably needs the Lord more than they did. So, it's all in the perspective. You look at it and it's hard to say that sometimes, but uh let's remember those young ladies if we could. All right. Thank you, brother Brad. Let's go in deepest of sincerity. Bow our heads. Also continue to remember sister Marjorie. She is also hanging in there. It's kind of in balance. And for every word the doctor comes and tells her, it's has so much meaning. And she really looks for a positive word, a good word. and she really hasn't had heard any bad words. They're still trying to figure out why it was that that water built up like that. So, they're going to have to check her liver out and a few things, but right now she's holding steady and eating a little bit this morning, but still very hard time having being able to eat and her belly and everything still hurts a lot. So, let's remember her too. Let's all of us pray. Our heavenly father as we come before you Lord Jesus tonight father with these needs first of all these families Lord Jesus of these young children girls God that got hit by a truck father we ask God that Lord Jesus you would just touch those families bring comfort Lord and we pray for healing in the hospital for those that are in critical condition Lord God that they would be touched Lord by the hand of God may this May they see a miracle, Lord Jesus. Your children, we your children call upon you tonight, Lord Jesus. Asking for Sister Parish also that you would touch her, Lord, in a special way. We believe God that you said if we ask anything in your name that you would do it, Lord. And then, Brother Wilson and Tracy, Lord, not being able to have their little boy, Lord Jesus, but you took him home to be with you, Father. We in the depths of our heart pray God that you will comfort them L somehow Lord. Father it has to be very hard for them Lord. And we pray for them Lord. Our heart goes out to them asking God that you would quicken scriptures to him. Speak to them, Father. Speak to their hearts during this tender moment. Lord, may the enemy be enemy be thwarted. May they not be depressed and completely downhearted and discouraged of serving you or anything like that, God, but they may they realize that God allows us to go through these things for a reason, Lord. And we ask, God, for strength for them, Lord Jesus, Brother Wilson, and for Sister Tracy, our heart father goes to them. May your Holy Spirit go to them just now and bring a peace, Father, about them. May they have a peace that their baby is okay, that their baby is in good hands. And so we ask God for all these requests, Lord, tonight, God, that you would bless them in a special way, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Brother David, come and sing one of them songs if you would. Maybe a song or two. Just 8:30. Couple couple songs will go. Okay, that'd be all right. Amen. Amen. I love you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. God loves you. He cares about you. Yes. How many will say, "Lord, help me to listen to that still small voice." Amen. God bless you. God bless you. We love you, too, brother Tom. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You love him tonight. Amen. Brother Thomas asked that we'd sing this song. Brother Carson, could you pull that up? It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. just to take him at his word. Amen. And I like that part. I'm so glad that I learned to trust him. Aren't you? Amen. Let's sing it with all of our heart tonight. How many enjoyed the word tonight? Amen. Well, so sweet to trust in Jesus. just to take him at his word and just to rest upon his promise. us to know thus saith the Lord. And Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I proved him more and more. Oh Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. And oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood and in sinful faith to plunge me the he cleansing flood. Oh Jesus, Jesus. How I trust him, how I prove him more and more. Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Yes, is sweet to trust in Jesus just from sin and self to seize and just from Jesus simply taking life and rest and joy and peace. Oh Jesus, Jesus. How I trust him, how I prove him more and more. Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. I'm so glad I learned to trust in precious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art with me, will be with me to the end. Oh Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus G. Precious Jesus. Oh, for grace we trust him. Amen. Are you glad you can trust him tonight? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. You know, I I have to confess when brother Thomas read that scripture about him throw him in the fire, Brother Joe, guess what song I thought about? Well, he's an ontime God. Oh, yes, he is.
