################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Bro Joe Adams • 5/4/25 • Sun. Evening • Power Restored to the Church Pt. 3 - Joe Adams - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   Bro Joe Adams • 5/4/25 • Sun. Evening • Power Restored to the Church Pt. 3
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZdyM50s24k
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Down. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. Oh. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Oh. to be in the house of the Lord this afternoon. How many enjoyed the service this morning? More importantly than how many enjoyed it, how many got something from it and received something from the Lord this morning. Look at the hands all over the building. God moving in our midst. And we sure love it when God does that. Aren't you thankful for the ministry brother Joe has and for what God does in his ministry? We sure appreciate him yielding himself this morning. And I know he's been prepping and trying to get ready for tonight. So I come expecting again. I you know when I'll I'll I thought I had my cup full today, but I'll just say now, Lord, just make it run over. Amen. So let's stand to our feet if we [Music] would. Brother Joe, would you open us in prayer tonight? Lord, Foreign Glory. My God is awesome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened forever. He will reign. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. Awesome. He's awome. My God is [Music] awome. He's awome. He's [Music] awome. So awome. God is awesome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. Awome. My God is awome. He's so awome. Awome. Awome. Amen. You believe he's awesome tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. I like this song. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. I sing it again. Oh yes. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. The splendor of a king. Oh yes. Oh the splendor of a king. All clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. The grabs himself in light and darkness tri and trembles at his voice. trembles and he is. Oh, how great is our God is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. H to H. Yes. [Music] And age to age he [Music] stands. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The godhead three in one. The father's spear and son. The lion and the lamb. Lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. How great, how great is our God. He's a name above all names. Oh, and he's a name above above all names. Oh, he worthy of our praise. and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh yes, he's the name above of all name. Oh, he is worthy of our praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Amen. How great is he? Oh, and how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see. How great, how great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Amen. Isn't he worthy of our praise tonight? Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. He's an awesome God, isn't he? Amen. You know, Brother Joe, I'm going to sing that chorus again tonight if that's all right with you. He's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Brother Joe said, "I started to tell you, asked you if you'd sing that this morning and and uh and I began to think, you know, how awesome is our God. He's on time." How many's ever been in a bind and he come through and all you did and sometimes you don't even pray. You just thinking, "Lord, I need help." How many times has he showed up? And you know what? We've asked him to come tonight. So, you know what he's going to do? He going to show up again. Amen. Let's sing it with all our heart tonight. Amen. Let's put our hands. Amen. Oh yes. Well, he's a multimed Oh yes. Yes, he is. Oh, he's a high God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's on time. Oh yes. Yes. Oh yes. One more time. Oh, he's on time. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time god. Yes, he [Music] is. He may not go when you want him, but he'll be there. Well, he's an on. Yes. Well, we're all under our instruments. Yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. He's an on Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right now. Oh, he's an on my Yes, he is. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. And Amen. just enjoyed the service this morning. Looking forward to what God has for us tonight. And I I tell you, u I love our first Sunday of the month, but sometimes it's rough on me because it's hard to eat when you're or sing when you're really full. Let's give the sisters a hand today for what they done is awesome. And Amen. I I thought, Lord, I try to cut back and then there's dessert and that just killed me. Sister Becky made blackberry pie and Sister Janette made that cheesecake and I was shocked. I was done for. And I said, "Lord, I was back in the back. I thought, Lord, I need help tonight." So, y'all going to sing have to sing really loud. Amen. But it's good to be in the house, Lord. Ain't it good to be a Christian? I just I I don't know what I'd do if it wasn't for the Lord. And I don't know what I'd be on. And 99% I'd probably be dead. because I'm so thankful that Jesus, he wants me to hold his hand tonight. Let's sing that. And Amen. Amen. Well, as I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. Oh yes. Well, he leads me through the sinking sand. is the Christ of Calary. And this would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. Well, for I need thy light to guide me and night. Oh blessed Jesus hold my hand. Oh and Jesus hold my hand. Yes, Lord. Well, I need thee every hour and through this fail [Music] pro. Oh yes, dear Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh blessed Jesus, hold my hand and let me travel in the light divine that I may the blessed [Music] way and keep me that I may be holy. and sing redemption [Applause] song and I will be and then as I ongo blessed Jesus oh my Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Oh yes, Lord. And I knew the every hour and through this pilgrim land and throw me by my side and he my feed. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I need a plain prayer, oh meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. And when I wander through the valley, lead him toward the saving of the sun. [Music] and lead me safely to the land. The rest defy of crown of life have won. And I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, to make [Music] you streng. Well, there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every hour. and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power and he my fever please. Oh, look down on me. And when I need in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Amen. Is that your desire tonight that he'll be holding our hand? Amen. Brother Michael John and brother John Wade and brother Caleb, would you come take up the offering? Uh, Brother Austin, I guess he got the stomach bug from the girls, so he's not feeling well tonight. So, we brother Austin and little Haven and SA and just pray for Sister Serenity that she don't get sick and just pray that God will be with him. And also uh continue member Sister Parish as she's in the hospital and that's all the requests that we have tonight. Continue member Janet, she's at home and she watched the service this morning. She thoroughly enjoyed it. And and but she tells me, she said, you know, it's nice to be able to stream, but it just not like being there. But you know what? If you can't do nothing but stream, that's the best thing to do because it sure beats missing church altogether. I'll tell you. You know, there there's a lot of people they won't miss and they'll spend thousands of dollars to go to a ball game and I mean literally thousands of dollars and then their team loses and they're they're just heartbroken, especially mine. They're not doing too good this year, but that's part of life. But you know what? We serve an awesome God tonight. We don't lose. I read the back of the book, Brother Tommy, and we win. Amen. So, if you have need on your hearts, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand. And we're going to ask brother John Wade if he'd pray over the offering tonight and these requests. Let's sing a little horse. And I just want to thank you, Lord. Come ahead, Sister Lisa. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in [Music] me? Thanks for that special night when I saw this glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank [Music] you. See if that's on. So, I wasn't going to sing this song um but last night my um Jana actually mentioned it and so I thought it actually went pretty well with this morning. So, I went ahead and and I'm going to sing it. [Music] A man was lame so long. He thought all hope was gone. He needed someone strong to get him through the throng. His friends, they raised the roof. They had to get through somehow. the new healer. Jesus was in the house. Tear off your roof of fear. Tear off a roof of doubt. Lay down your problems. Jesus is in the house. Tear off your roof of pain. It's time to lay it down. It's going to be all right. Jesus is in the house. [Music] You're overwhelmed with care. No answers anywhere. Burden so hard to bear. You need someone to share. You have no options left by faith. Just take a step now. It's going to be all right. Jesus is in the house. [Music] house. Tear off a roof of fear. Tear off a roof of doubt. Lay down your problems. Jesus is in the house. Tear off your roof of pain. It's time to lay it down. It's going to be all right. Jesus is in the house. He has the answers. He has all power. He is the master. He's here this very hour. He has the answers. He has all power. He is the master. He's here this very. Tear off the roof of fear. Tear off the roof of doubt. Lay down your problems. Jesus is in the house. Tear off the roof of pain. It's time to lay it down. It's going to be all right. Jesus is in the house. Jesus is in the house. Jesus is in the house. [Music] Amen. Amen. You believe he's in the house tonight? Amen. Sister Lauren, would y'all come and sing tonight for us? And appreciate them, the girls being with us. And Sister Zoe, God bless you. And You can take care of it. [Music] I came to you with my heart in [Music] pieces and found the God with healing in his hands. I turned to you, put everything behind me, and found my God who makes all things new. And I looked to you drowning in my question and found the God who holds all the wisdom. And I trusted you and stepped out on the ocean. You caught my head among the waves. Cuz you're the God of all my days. Each step I take. You make way. And I will give you all my praise. my season change. You stay the same. Cuz you're the God of all my days. I ran from you. I wondered in the shadows and found a god who rinlessly pursues. I hid from you, haunted by my failure, and found the God whose grace still covers me. I fell on you when I was at my weakest and found the God, the lifter of my head. I've worshiped you and felt you right beside me. You're the reason why I sing. Cuz you're the God of all my days. Each step I take, you make away and I will give you all my praise. My sins are changed. You stay the same. You're the God of all my days. In my worry, God, you are my stillness. In my searching, God, you are my vision. In my blindness, God, you are my vision. And in my bondage, God, you are my freom. in my weakness. God, you are my power and you're the reason that I sing. Cuz you're the God of all my days. You step by day, you make the way. And I will give you all my praise. My se change. You stay the same. You're the God of all my days. In my blindness, God, you are my vision. In my bondage, God, you are my freom. Cuz you're the God of all my days. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's stand if we could. We're just going to change the order of service and sure appreciate those specials tonight and just being in tune with the Lord and the movement of the spirit. So, but at this time, we just want to give the Lord his time, most important mo most important time of the service. And brother Joe's got a long drive ahead of him tonight and and uh about 10 hours. And so we want to give him all the time that he needs. Okay, we're not here to rush God. So, but let's just say sing Amazing Grace as brother Joe comes. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. [Applause] Was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace. Thank you. Oh, how precious did that grace [Music] appear? The hour I [Music] mer. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we believe tonight we thank you for your presence this morning, Lord. We know that's not the work of a man. But Lord, we know that your spirit come and you begin to stir hearts and stir lives, Lord, and begin to bring the revelation of the promise that you've given us in your word, Lord. And it stimulates us, Father, to faith, to believe, to overcome, Lord. One by one, each begin to get out of their seat and walk around making a declaration of faith. God, only you can do that. And Lord, we're not under an expectation you're going to do the same thing tonight. But we are in a great expectation that you're going to do what you desire to do what you pre-planned before the foundation. And I just want to do my part, Lord, as a minister of the gospel to step aside for this next little bit, Lord. Allow you to speak to your people, Lord. Speak to hearts, speak to lies. Again, we thank you for the ministry here, the confidence they have in us, Lord, to invite us to come and speak to the purchase of the blood. Lord, we just want you to have your way now. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. If you have your Bibles again this evening, we're going to we're going to pick up here in Matthew. I'm going to pick up where I didn't finish this morning because I only preached about 10 pages of my notes. So, uh I have 60 pages, but I'm not going to finish off all all of it tonight. I know some of us we done went home. Everybody done got scattered out. But I want to speak some things tonight. Maybe that will just kind of coincide with this morning how the service changed and uh for those who are at home, they may stream it later just to kind of anchor what we preach this morning and solidify and may it just take root. So we're going to look here in Matthew 17 and verse 20 and we're speaking again on power restored to the church. Power restored to the church. That's going to be a theme because the thing about it is you must realize that you are the church and that you're not a powerless group of people, but you're a church that God has deposited his power into, his life into, we look here in in Matthew 17. And for those that made a step this morning, let me just say this. This is going to be for you tonight. Uh Matthew 17 and verse 20. And Jesus said unto them, "Because of your unbelief, verily I say unto you, if you have faith, remember we hinted on faith this this morning. But if you have faith as a grain of a mustard seed, you shall say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, and nothing shall be impossible unto you." In Luke 13 and verse 19, it is like a grain of mustard seed which a man took and he cast into a garden and it grew and it waxed a great tree and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it. So God bless you. You can have your seats this morning or this evening. I would ask that you would keep us in prayer as we travel home this evening. We have about nine and a half to 10 hours to go and the girls have to be at work tomorrow. That's odd to say. They're teenagers, right? They got to be at work. But we're going to get home, Lord willing, this evening in one piece. But I want to speak to you and I just kind of want to take my time this evening. Usually I'll take a second service and slow down big time because you know the morning service I kind of put everything into a morning service. But hey, we don't know how the Lord's going to lead. But just want to look at this. If you have faith as a grain of a mustard seed and you know sometimes you talk to people brother Brad and brother Thomas as a minister you talk to people and you know their first maybe their first reaction or their first confession is I don't have faith or I don't have great big faith and you know and but the Bible tells us that God has given every man now that doesn't mean just man alone and not women but every man or or human species we'll call it like a measure of faith. So God has done this. So to say that you don't have faith means you're denying what God has already done. But God has given you faith. And we find this is Jesus speaking here to his disciples. And he says, "If you have faith as a grain of a mustard seed, the smallest seed that there is." And brother Brandham makes a statement about mustard seed. It's a seed. is a that can't be mixed with anything else. Mustard is mustard. It won't be mixed with unbelief. It won't be mixed with fear. It won't be mixed with denominationalism. It will not be mixed. It is mustard seed. It cannot hybridize. It cannot mix. And he says if you have faith, just a little bit of faith as small as a grain of a mustard seed, you can speak to your mountain. Amen. You can speak to your mountain. Whatever that thing is in your life. Remember, we're speaking on power now. Don't lose the theme of the service. Power restored to the church. And you think, "Well, I don't have much." You have a mustard seed amount of faith. You have enough faith in you right there to move a mountain. The prophet of God said, "We have enough faith or enough power within us now that we can create another world." and go live on it. Look, I don't need another world to go live on. I need to conquer this one. I need to conquer this world right here, this flesh right here. And I want you to know, many of you, you may say, "Well, my position or my situation, my trial, the thing I'm going through, it's so different. Nobody's been there before." But if you got the smallest amount of faith, no matter where you've been, no matter what you're going through, I want you to know tonight, you can speak to that mountain that lays before you and say, "Remove, hinder place." And it has to move. There's no question. Will it move? It has to move because this is red letter in the King James Bible. And you can tell it to remove yonder place. and nothing shall be impossible unto you. So God does not require a whole lot out of you. You know, think about it. We think, well, if I can just have faith like brother Joe, he's got bulldog faith. But God's not asking you to have that type of faith. Come on, church. He just wants you to have just a little bit. says, "With that smallest amount, God can do wonders." God can do amazing things with that amount of faith. And I like what he says, and I'm just like I said, I'm going to slow it down and maybe not teach, but kind of preach teach here, but he said, "If a farmer went and planted a great big big wheat, and every morning he got out there and dug all the wheat up to see if it was going to sprout or not, as long as you keep digging up the seed, it will never grow." That's right. You know, a lot of times on our humanity, that's what we do. All right, it's just us girls here this evening. That's what we do. We pray, we believe. The next morning, we dig it up and say, "Okay, did it happen?" Come on. Dig it up. Oh, you know I, you know, you expect it immediately. You just expect a harvest. Look, when you plant seed in the ground, y'all live around here. I mean, this is beautiful country and there's farmlands all around. But they didn't plant that seed yesterday and all of a sudden it's standing this tall. Nor did the farmer get out there every morning and dig it up and say, "Am I going to have a crop?" And so that's what the prophet of God is telling you. He's saying that farmer, as long as you keep digging up the seed, it will never grow. You interrupt the process. There's a natural process of planting that seed in the right environment, in the right ground, and allowing the right sunlight, just the right amount of sunlight to strike that seed in its environment. But as long as you keep digging it up and flipping up that environment, that seed will never grow because it's lacking the the nutrients that it needs and the atmosphere that it needs and the condition that it needs to bring forth life. And as long as you maybe you're here tonight and you pray for your children and man, you justounding them andounding them and hounding them. Well, are did you make a decision? Are you going to do this? You don't need to do that. You need to quit doing this. You need to quit doing that. You try to legislate your righteousness over to your children. Look, you planted that seed in the ground. Commit them to God and back off and say, "I give I've given you to the Lord and that's where it lays. quit digging it up expecting uh expecting their life to be different, but plant it and in time in the season, God will strike that heart. God will get a hold of that life and there will be nothing that can stop that seed from germatizing because then it will spring forth. But mama, daddy, quit digging it up, but plant it there and leave it there and believe that I'm going to have a harvest because God's word declared it. He says, "Every time you look at your symptoms, get this, it delays you too in your healing." But look, my back, Lord, I dealt with that one for the last month. You know, every time you look at I don't try to dwell on my ailments. My kids say, "Well, you moan a lot in the morning. That's just part of getting old." But no, we don't. You just believe. I believe that God will honor his word no matter what. I believe in laying hands on the sick. I believe in all the things that we do when we just come from our youth camp. We had amazing prayer line and I was dealing with the situation with a sciatic nerve and I I came here me and brother Brad moved this 80,000 pound couch of brother Weston's and about broke both of us down. So, I've been hurting with that for about a month now. And why we had this prayer line and we're praying for everybody just, you know, and I didn't go through the prayer line. Something said, "You should have went through." But I'm like, "God, you said you're my Huda regardless if I walk through that prayer line or not." And I just believe that if we had that kind of faith, I believe there should be prayer lines in the church. I believe there should be altar calls in the church. I believe there should be laying hands on the sick. I believe there should be the anointing of oil, but I also believe as a child of God, you have to plant that seed. I'm going to tell you, sitting in the back back there, church, you look at the backer, there's a seed that's been planted in the heart of Sister Donna and Brother Thomas, that cancer is not going to res destroy them. But they put a seed of faith in the ground saying, "We're coming out of this thing." God has given this church a testimony. And I look around and I see where many of us have been and where God has taken us. All it is is we're committing that promise to the Lord and committing it and not turning it over and digging it up and trying to manufacture something and create something that's not to be created, but it's taking God at his word and realize that he God has restored something back to the people. He's restored faith back to the people to believe. Otherwise, why would he send us a message? If Pentecost was all we needed is if uh Wesleyanism and Methodism and and and whatever Luther's message and all of that, if that was all we needed, then why did God send a prophet? Because God sent a prophet? Because he knew in the end time there was going to be a people. They needed more than justification. They needed more than sanctification. They needed more than just the gifts of the spirit back in the body. They needed the life on the inside. And that life on the inside will germatize the seed that was planted. And it can't help but to come forth. Praise the Lord. We're not little baby Christians today, church. What we saw back in the 50s and 60s was a bride in her infancy. But no longer is she a bride in her infasy. She is a mature woman with the mature word. And it's now it's time to speak to the mountains that we face. Because God had once again charged the people with power to believe to believe. Plant that seed in faith. Water that seed with thanksgiving and expect a harvest. Give that to you again. Plant, if you got a pen and paper, write it down. Plant that seed in faith. Water that seed with thanksgiving. Not not wow, he hadn't done nothing yet. That ain't thanksgiving. I'm talking about thank you Lord for saving me. Thank you, Lord, for giving me the Holy Ghost. Thank you, Lord, for saving my children. Thank you, Lord, for restoring my marriage. Thank you, Lord, for doing this. Thank you, Lord, for healing my body. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. And come into the house of God with an atmosphere of thanksgiving and create an atmosphere so that your neighbor, your brother, your sister can catch a fire and have that same courage to say, "Thank you, Lord." And come expecting a harvest. Don't expecting anything less. Brother says, "In a time of decision, 1959, a farmer just commits the seed to the ground." Boy, that just seems so simple, Brother Joe. I mean, you mean that's all we got to do? Absolutely. We want to complicate the messes. We want to complicate the gospel. We want to complicate everything and think, "Well, we got to do some Hail Marys and our messes. Hail Marys. If we don't listen to three sermons a day, then we're not going to get our request. We try to legislate legal make it legalistic. No, the farmer just commits to seed to the ground. He gets he gets the best seed that he can find and he puts it in the ground because he's made a decision that he wants a crop. Did you hear that? He made a decision that he wants a crop. And some of you made a decision this morning. I saw you get up and walk around because you're expecting a crop. Whatever it is, put that seed there. Don't dig it up. Notice he says now, "But if he's got the best seed that he can buy, you know, he lays it in the ground. He just commits it to the ground and don't look anymore." He said, "That's up to God to take care of the rest of it. And the best seed that I can find is the word of God." because it's eternal. Just commit it in your heart, not your head. Notice I want I want to stop here for a minute and kind of bring this out and take this quote here and dissect it. This is paragraph 38. He says, just commit it in your heart, not your head. He goes, "You'll keep digging it around, turning it around, saying,"Well, the doctor said so and so, and my pastor said the days of miracles has passed." But in your heart, let it alone. See, in your mind, that's the battleground. That's where it comes. Well, you know, I'm not feeling any better, and you know, the kids seem to keep going further and further and further away, and I don't seem to have the right desires or the right change come over me. Notice he said don't commit it with your head but you commit it with your heart and leave it alone. And he said start acting if you already had your crop. Get your sickles all sharp. Get ready to go into the field. Don't dig it up every morning. Just leave it there. If it's germatized, it'll work. It'll raise up a crop. And when a man plants a seed, this is in the court trial, 1964. So, brother Brandham kept this theme through his ministry. So, we find here in 1964, he said, "Now, when a man plants a seed, if you're a farmer, you know anything about planting a seed, if you plant a seed today, some corn, and you put it in your garden, tomorrow morning you dig it out and dig it up and look at it and say, "Well, there's no difference in it." That's most of us, especially parents. Guilty. Come on. You know, there's no difference in it. It'll never come up. It can't do it. When you dig it up, you spoiled the picture right there. You got to commit it to the earth. And when it's up to the earth to it's up to the earth to do the rest of it. And every time you look at your symptoms and testify about them and complain about them, God can never heal you. You commit it to God and believe his word and he will bring it to pass. So we start this sermon out with just a small amount of faith. But you don't have to just keep a small amount of faith. But see, if you just commit it to God and believe his word, that little bit of faith can grow into a bigger faith and a bigger faith and a bigger faith and a bigger faith until you have great big faith. You know, you think about the prophet said, "Faith has great big muscles and hair on his chest." I'm like, "That's my kind of man." Not a little shriveled up, nothing, a little weak, nothing I can't believe, but just one that's willing to believe against all odds. See, whether it's sprouting or whether it's whatever it's doing, you don't care. God promised it. And potentially, you have your healing when you accept it. But it's in seed form. Whatever you have need of, not just healing because a lot of times, you know, we think about healing in that aspect, but whatever your need is when you came or you walked around this morning, maybe it was in seed form, but it is not always going to remain in seed form. I'm here to tell you I'm expecting a miracle in the back. That seed of faith that's not let it bother me. Let's not let it change who I am, beat me down and go and hide under a tree and you know, woe is me. It's going to flourish. Just like a brother Ron Spencer, you look at that. He's four or five years now. And for the first time in many, many, many years, he's had hundreds or not hundreds, but he's had many, many, many brain scans. And just last month, he finally got a clean brain scan. Why is that? Did he dig it up every morning? Did he go back to the doctor's report and say, "Well, how can this happen? How when you keep digging it up, you hinder your faith?" But he committed it to the to the Lord. And for the first time in four or five years, he's got a clean brain scan because he planted that seed in faith and he watered that seed with thanksgiving. And he was in the back office throwing up, but he'd come out and preach and he continued to preach and show forth a real son of God how he should respond under the trial. And that's what I'm trying to tell you this morning. If you asked for an oak tree and I gave you an acorn. Well, I wanted an oak tree. Well, dummy, you got it. Plant it in the ground. Expect it to grow forth. Well, it's going to take a long time. Well, if you keep looking at it, it will put the proess in the dirt and put the son of God on it and you will see God take that little acorn and raise up a tree. And that's what I'm telling you. The prophet of God said, "If you needed a loaf of bread, Brother Tommy, cuz you were starving and he gave you 25 cents." You ain't doing that today, but he gave you 25 cents. He says, "You can just go skipping and rancing through the land." Why? because you got the purchase price. You may not have the loaf of bread, but you got what it takes to get the loaf. And what am I telling you this morning? God has restored power back to the church. He put in your hands the purchase power. Hallelujah. Whatever you have need of, you can skip and jump and and leap and praise God because you got what it takes to get that tree to grow. He put in your possession, bride, the purchase price, the Holy Ghost, the power of the word. It'll make that seed live. If you ask for an oak tree and you gave me an acorn, potentially I have an oak tree. You just matter on how you looking at it. You give me an oak tree, I'm a hunter. I'm like, give me a white oak. Dear love white oak. I'm going to plant it. And I'm not only going to plant it, but I'm going to expect it. And if you ask for a car or an ear of corn, excuse me. Some of you asking for a car, I cannot help you. I may be able to go pick off an ear of corn, but a car, we going to have some trouble. You got to have some strong faith. But if if I give you an ear of corn and or you gave me a I need an ear of corn, you gave me a grain of corn, potentially I have an ear corn, then commit it to the ground and water it. See, that's the key. You can have that seed all day long in your hand and you can put it in the ground. I commit it to God. I commit it to God. I commit it to God. But you ain't watering it. You ain't bringing it into the sunlight of the word. No, but water it and keep all the weeds, all that unbelief, all the doubts, all the mind battles. Keep all the weeds away from it that would draw straight from the ground around it. Keep the weeds out. Then it will automatically grow because it's committed and is a germmitized seed. See, God will send a prophet in our day and take something so simple but yet make it so profound that we know how to believe as children of God. Little story of a seed being planted in the ground. But think about that seed. When you think about the promise of God and you think about your trial and you look at what lays in that word and he's simply telling you how to get a crop, plant it, order it, and expect a harvest. The Bible says in Psalms 126, "The day they that sew in tears shall reap in joy." He that goeth forth and weepeth bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again with rejoicing bringing his sheath with him. You know as a parent there is many tears shed for your children. You pray that they make the right decisions. You pray that they come to the Lord. You pray and you pray and there's a lot of things and we find here that you know as a farmer the sewing season is the most difficult season. This is a season where you got to break up the ground that's been dried through the heat of the sun and it's been baked in and everything's been baked and just hard. And you know, a lot of times as a parent, every kid is different. At least mine are. You can't you can't do for one the way you've done for all the others because what works on one may not work on the other. So you have to kind of find how do I break that fow ground. And when you notice that that's the sewing time is the hardest time. It's a time of labor of of sorrow. A lot of prayers go into it. It's the burden of the farmer. And no doubt when all that labor is done and he's exerted all his efforts and all his energies, no doubt there's weeping because of the stress of the load. But you know the expectation of harvest, the expectation that there's going to be a crop that's manifest, it exceeds by greater all the sweat, all the tears, all the labor, all the worry of the sewing season. So what are you saying, brother Joe? I'm telling you, just like a mother, a wife, a lady who's pregnant, she's going to go through pains. They call birth pains. I'm not going to get graphic, don't worry. Where they go through the birth pains and you know, and it may be that she's in certain stages of the pregnancy and then that day comes and you know, then there's a lot of a lot of shouting, a lot of shouting. Yeah. There's things that take place. There's a lot of pain. And just a few, not a few minutes because sometimes it could be hours. I'm not going to demoralize or diminish the impact of it. But there's a Tommy, don't look at me and laugh like that, Tommy. Like, you know what I'm talking about. You ain't never been there. But there's a lot of pain that goes with But after that child is born, the pain immediately leaves. and she's holding that little cuddlebug in her arms. That life is now in her possession. She's not thinking about all the pain and all the worry. Now, don't ask her. She wants another child because she'd probably kick you in the face. But months go by and she's enjoying this child and she does it all over again. Because the Bible would tell us when you sew in tears, you're going to reap in joy. And it knows that many times in our Christian journey, there's a lot of struggles along the way. There's a lot of birth plains along the way. There's a lot of hardships along the way. But I'll tell you, don't abort the pregnancy. Can I say that? Don't abort the pregnancy. Some of us take a little bit longer to to come out. Some of us take a little bit longer to manifest. Some of us take a little bit longer to be that life and have that life on display. Some of us are in the labor pain, the labor process a lot longer than others. But don't abort it. Don't stop it. Don't give up on it. You know, like a what your prophet said that a son of God can go a long time before he ever recognizes that he's a son. And you may have people sitting around you right now. You look at them and you're like, there ain't no hope in the world for them to ever get right. You don't know what God's planted on the inside of that. The only thing I'm asking you to do is create an atmosphere each and every service so that no matter what who it may be, one sws, but the other waters, but God giveth the increase. And that's what we're looking for today is to be a church to create an atmosphere so that others can be born again and have their needs met by the power of God. So joy is more than equivalent of the weariness and the sorrow. That child being held in that arm far exceeds the pain that they face. So I want to encourage you even like of Elton Kentucky to prepare for a harvest. Prepare for a harvest. Church has been in a growing season for a long time. Church has come through the the breaking of the fow ground for a long time. It's been a while. There's been some hurts. There's been some tears. There's been some sewing. It's time for a harvest. Look what God is doing. God's adding people. Starting to add. Starting to say, "Look, I'm behind this ministry. I'm behind this. This is my work. Now, I'm going places not even in my notes right now, but I'm telling you, God is behind the work here. God's not taking away from it. God is rebuilding re from other places. Now, they're looking to move. There's seeds that are going to be planted. Amen. God's not done with ELT. God's not done with this church. God is only on the starting point. Look, you have labored for years now to to get through some very hard seasons. some very tough baked in ground with the word. And now that word is being able to plant seeds of life and expects people to move in and to water that with their praise and get behind it and have uh such an atmosphere like we had this morning. That atmosphere wasn't created because somebody stands stands behind the pull pit. That atmosphere was created because there was a seed on the inside of your heart calling out for God. Watering that seed with the word and with your thanksgiving. And I'm here to tell you, prepare for harvest. Prepare. Plant that seed in the ground. And expect God to do the miraculous. Expect God to get a hold of that heart. Expect God to fill your child with the Holy Ghost. Expect God to heal that body. Expect God to do what he said he'll do. Come under an expectation service after service after service and create an atmosphere every single time and put your shoulder to the wheel. Lord, well, how do I put my I don't care who it is. Get behind the work. Put your shoulder to it and let's move this [Applause] thing. Amen. Put your shoulder to it. Give a good amen sometime behind the word. Create an atmosphere. You may shock your neighbor. Shock them. [Applause] I believe we got a promise. I believe he's here. I believe the power is back in the body. It's okay to say amen. It's okay to shout. It's okay to get Pentecostal. [Applause] Come on, church. You say, "Well, God ain't done nothing for me." Are you sitting here tonight? Are you breathing tonight? I say he's done enough for you. I say he's done enough right there. You got breath in your lungs and praise him about it. Got a desire to come to the house of God. I say rejoice in that desire. [Applause] Prepare for a harvest. Man, some of you need to go get you some egg cartons. You said, "What do you mean?" Come on. I mean, go get some egg cars and expect them to fill up. Well, I ain't got no chickens. It don't matter. We got neighbors. We got neighbors. They got good chickens. They lay good eggs. Bring your empty carton to church and expect God to fill it up. I say, "Fill it up, Lord. Heal the sick, deliver the lost, call the backslider back. I'm bringing my egg cart into the house of God. I'm not depending on Brother Brad to put his eggs in there. I'm depending on God to put his promise in there. Fill it up, Lord. We have a promise. Prepare to reap what thou hast sown. Brother Thomas, you've been faithful. I'm going to tell you, I love your pastor. He and I have great friendship. He has stayed steady. He said, "Why are you doing this, Brother Joe?" Cuz I'm giving him a rose today cuz I may not be here tomorrow to give him a reef. That's right. But you're going to know where I stand with your pastor. I ain't saying he's dying. Don't get get that out of your head. But he stayed the course. Can I say that? And some of you have stayed the course. You have been shook. You have been broken up. The ground has been hard. It's been sown. It's been talked about. People gave up on you, but God ain't give up on you. God remained faithful. Now, let's expect a harvest. We've been through the hard season. We've been through the summer season. Let's get into the springtime as God pour it out. Lord, we want a revival. We want a Holy Ghost revival in this church. I'm going to expect it. I'm going to create an atmosphere. I'm going to water with my praise. I'm going to believe God. Come on. Can somebody say amen to that? [Applause] Prepare to reap what you have sown. Brother Thomas, prepare to reap what you have sown. You have sown stability in the message. He may not have all of it all figured out. Who does? But he's been faithful at that post of duty Sunday after Sunday, Wednesday after Wednesday, service after service, house call after house call, doctor visit after doctor visit. Prepare. I want you to prepare, church. You got special meetings in two weeks. Let me ask you, what are you going to do to prepare? Let's bring it down. Let's get it off of brother Tom for a minute. What are you going to do to prepare? Well, brother Joe, I'm going to cook a meal. That's great. We appreciate that. But we ain't eating that meal in here. What are we going to do in here? What are we going to do at home? Are you going to get there and begin to pray and get up early in the morning and seek God's face and say, "God, you gave us a promise. Lord, we ain't had means in years, but I'm coming expecting. I'm coming believing. I'm coming for a supernatural outpour. I'm coming expecting God to pour it out. I'm expecting those balconies to be filled up. I'm expecting God to move on the backsliders. I'm under great expectation. You know, there's people that ain't sitting here. They used to sit here. But what are you going to be doing for the next two weeks? Well, I'm just going to let the ministry pray for them. It's their responsibility. They get paid for it anyway. Shame on you. Kind of mentality we have around this message. God's giving power back to the church and we want to dumb it down like that. It ain't the ministry's responsibility. It's the ministry's responsibility to preach to you the unadulterated word. It's our collective responsibility to create an atmosphere that we have this morning that a young daughter of God can come and give her heart to the Lord and say, "I don't want to live the way I was living, but I want to serve God from this day forth." What about it for us? Create an atmosphere, put that seed on the inside and expect a supernatural harvest. I said I wasn't going to get assimilated, but my goodness. I'm sorry, church. No, I'm not. I only have two gears off and on. Right now, I think I'm on. But I want you to be I want you I mean, I want every household. I'm not your pastor and I'm not trying to pastor you. Brother Thomas, if I'm stepping overstepping my brownies, you just tell me, "Hey, you're overstepping." But I want every household to begin to make preparation. Don't think about what you going to cook for the the cooking and whatever y'all call it around here. What y'all call that? Carry in. Cook in. Carry in. Excuse me. Well, worried about who made what and what made who and all this other stuff. Don't worry about that. I'm talking about, man, when you occupy this pew, you come 30 minutes early and you begin to pray, you begin to seek God. And I ain't talking about seeking God with your eyes closed, you half asleep. I'm talking about seeking God and saying, "God, we want something. We got special meetings. Brother Timothy's coming. Brother Andrew's coming. I'm coming. And we're going to have a revival in the house of God. We're going to see the sick healed. We're going to see the lost saved. We're going to see sons and daughters of God filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm coming for revival. I'm coming with an expectation. My my my my. Why not believe for it? Why not believe for it? They can get excited at a ball game. I know. Hey, look. I get excited at a ball game. It's all right. But I tell you what, I'm not shouting more there than I am here. Ain't no hypocrite in Joe Adams. You ask my kids, man, I'll scared the fool out of them shouting in the house. But when I come to the house of God, I know church, I know what he's done for me. I know where I was headed. I know I was that beggar, brother Thomas, that was crippled. Maybe not crippled with my feet, but I was crippled in my spirit. And there kept been something crying out. Lord, just change me. Lord, I want to do different. Lord, I don't want to live this way anymore. And I kept coming back to the same spot. I kept coming back to the bottle. I kept coming back to the party. I kept coming back to this and to that. I couldn't I couldn't overcome it. I couldn't do this. But one night, one night when I got to my end where I didn't want to live anymore, Brother Joe. And in my mind, I just wanted to commit suicide. And I was driving off down the road and I may have told you this many times, but I keep telling it because I want you to know how dark I was. I didn't care about living. I didn't care about the next day. I'm ready to end my life. But a voice spoke from the darkness and said, "Turn your car around." Let me tell you, if you knew who I was then, you would not believe who I am now. But I'm telling you, there was a grandmother of mine that prayed for a grandson and say, "Lord, get a hold of him." And on a on a maybe 12:00 on a dark night, God came in my car. Let me tell you, I turned that car around. I turned this life around. I turned it all around. We don't need all that shouting. We don't need Look, we That ain't how we do it in Kentucky. Well, Kentucky, you invited me. That ain't how what are you? You the pope. You done got a monopoly on how we supposed to act in church. Look at that. Look at that. That crippled man. He had planted a seed that he wanted to walk. He didn't know what it meant to walk, but he watched others. Maybe doubt he studied their step, their stride. Maybe he looked at a little five foot John over there and watched. Yeah, got your back, Jack. Maybe he study. He's like, "Man, if I could have my feet, maybe I go to his gym. I'll pump some iron with Tommy John." No doubt. Day after day, wishing he could be you. Do you realize others out there wish they had the opportunity to sit in one of these pews? This man had never ever ever walked, never ever ever wiggled his toes. He didn't know the feeling to move his ankles or his feet to feel sensation through his lower extremities. But God God planted a seed on the inside of that man. It took over 40 years before the right man with the right word got to that right seat. But it got there. Do you hear what I'm telling you? It may have took 20 years to get to where we are today as a church. 30 years, 40 years, I don't know. But we're here. Amen. And all I'm asking you, church, all I'm asking you tonight, you got to make a decision. What he's preaching, either it's true or it's not true. What John was preaching, what Peter was preaching, that crippled man had a belief, it's the truth or it's not the truth. But he says, "Such as I have, give I to thee in the name of Jesus of Nazareth, rise up and walk." And a man who had never walked before, a man who had never felt sensation before, jumped up on his feet and began to leap and to shout and to praise God. And if he can do that in a crippled state, what about us in our crippled state? That's why I rejoice. That's why I don't care what you think about me. Because if you was sitting in the chair that I was sitting in, if you was in that place, you didn't want to live. Just like I was in that place I didn't want to live. I was looking to die. I was ready to end this life. Oh, if you can over realize the pain that I was feeling and the pain that I was under, but no, notice when nobody cared, he did. When nobody checked in, he did. And now all he's wanting is somebody to jump and to shout and to praise God. And nobody will do it but I will. I'll do it because he's done it for me. He saved me. He filled me. And he's delivered me. And I'm here to tell you, I rejoice in what he's done. So what about it? ELT. Yes, some of you going to stay there just occupy a pew. Well, brother Joe, you know it ain't all about emotion. I know. I know. But I tell you one thing, you let me slam a hammer down on your thumb, I guarantee you a shout. Amen. Oh, you don't like that carnal that carnal analogy, do you? But the Holy Ghost ain't no hammer. But I tell you what, you get a taste of them one time. You get a t look more than just a creed, more than just an ideology, more than just man's conception, but you get the taste of the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. You'll never know how you will act. Let me tell you, I seen a little Menite girl up in a service few months ago and begin to run around the church. Why? Because the Holy Ghost, you telling me she didn't know what the Holy Ghost would do. But when she felt the attack of it or she felt it come down on her, got up and begin to run around the church, what am I telling you church? That the same Holy Ghost and the same supernatural in here, Sister Jana, he's the same God. You just got to allow yourself to respond. Allow that seed to grow. You didn't stifle it, did you? Felt good, didn't it? Felt good. I'm going tell you, it feels good. I know you think, well, everybody's looking at me. Uhuh. Everybody's like, I wish I could be me. But it can. I'm just trying to prepare the harvest. Look, I'm preparing for two weeks. I'm coming back and I'm going to be in a different position. I won't be the preacher. I'm going to be the puller. And I'm here to tell you, prepare cuz you done hooked up to the wrong meal on this one because we going to pull it down. And we're going to expect God to pour out and pour out and pour out on Thursday night. Pour it out on Friday night. Pour it out on Saturday night. pour out on Sunday morning. Pour it out again and again and again. Why? Cuz you plant the seed and expect a harvest. Pour it out. Come on. It's okay to shout. It's okay to jump. It's okay to dance. It's okay. He promised it. If a minite can shout and jump and dance, my my my Come on, man. This ain't hooked up to no horse and buggy. We got astronaut power. Our has been restored to the church. You realize that we're this close from rapturing? We're this close from rapturing. You think you going to rapture sitting there with your arms folded? You better get your seat on. All that snoring you doing in the house of God. Come on, church. Church should be a safe haven. Should be a refuge. You unpack your burdens. You unpack your stresses. You know that in any moment anything can happen in the house of God. Any moment you may have come in under the weight and the load of the pressures of life, but in one moment. Harvest time. Harvest time. That bird came in. We just let you know what Superman, y'all. Never mind. I'm going to go. Superman went into a phone booth just like I'm dressed right now. But when he came out, Clark Kent was no longer Clark Kent. He come out with a big S on his chest. Said, "I am Superman." What am I telling you, church? I'm telling you, when you walk through those doors, you may have walked in one way in your clothing, but we can walk out as a super church, as the bride of Jesus Christ who's been changed. Let me tell you, there ain't no script tonight. There ain't no devil. There ain't no sin that can keep you beat down when you got the power back in church. Musicians come Power. Power for a rapture. Power for body change. Power for revival. Remember, you can't get blood. I have nothing that don't have blood in it. You're expecting a revival. The revival signs. Somebody put revival signs out. Come on. Let me tell you, they don't need to see the sign on the street. They need to see the sign in the seat. I ain't looking for revival out on the street. I'm looking for revival in the seat where sons and daughters recognize who they are. That we are sons of God. We are daughters of God. And any minute, we're going to take a rapture. Sickness can't hold us. Sin can't hold us. Depression can't hold us. Anxiety can't hold us. Cancer can't hold us. Why? Because we are in revival. [Applause] Revival's coming to the church. Amen. Rebecca, come on. I need you. What's that song you sing? It's on the tip of my tongue. Ain't no grave. There you go. And I lay my burdens down. You can go behind that one with that one. Come on, let's create an atmosphere. Ain't no grave. Ain't no grave. This body wasn't made for a grave. This body wasn't made for a grave. This body was brave for the heavenly. I would tell you today, this body was made to be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Come on. Let's have church. Let's worship the [Music] Lord. All right. Come on now. Oh, there ain't no [Music] grave going to hold my body down. Come on, sing it like you believe it. Come on, [Applause] [Music] Rebecca. I'm going to hold my body down. Do you believe it tonight? Oh no. Cuz when I hear that trumpet sound up out of the ground, there ain't [Music] no going to hold my body down. [Music] Oh, shame is a prison as cruel as a name. Oh, shame is a robber and he's going to take my name. Oh, my love is my redeemer. Lifting me up from the ground of love is the power. He's going to take my eyes down. There ain't no [Applause] grave. Going to hold my body down. There ain't no [Music] way going to hold my Oh, and when I hear that trumpet sound, oh, I'm going to rise up to the ground. There ain't no [Music] going to hold my heart down. Oh, shame is a prison. It's cruel as a grave. Oh, shame is a robber and he's come to take my name. But love is my redeemer, lifting me up from the ground. Love is the power. He's going to take my eyes down. There ain't no going to hold my body down. There ain't no way going to hold my body [Music] down. When I hear that trumpet sound, I'm going to rise up. There ain't no [Applause] going to hold my body [Music] [Applause] [Music] down. Let's give the Lord another hand clap of praise. I tell you, I'm coming with such great anticipation for the meetings ahead. And I just want to put out a challenge, a challenge to each and everyone here. And that challenge is how many will pray? How many prayer warriors do we have? How many praying mothers do we have? You know, I just I just heard a story the other day where uh somebody was sick and somebody needed something. They had a need and they took it before the before this lady and and they said she started praying. said it wasn't a I lay me down to sleep prayer. She knew how to get in contact with the Lord. How many of y'all want to see the power of God in our meetings coming up? I'm going to take a I'm going to schedule an alarm on my phone. How many will do that for the next two weeks? And you're going to dedicate that 15, that 20, that 30 minutes to praying for the service to say, "God, come and move in our midst in a way you've never moved before. Deliver those that need deliverance, cuz he can do it." Sing for us, Rebecca. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. My is Oh, I feel better. Yes. So much better since I singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelu. Lord, I'm going to sing. I feel better. So much better. So much better. [Music] My burden. My burden. Come on, church. [Music] Since I found I'm singing hallelujah, my God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing hallelujah. My God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Oh, and as long as I'm alive, going to be praising. As long as I'm alone, there's going to be shouting. One thing that I know is deep in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm the singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. [Music] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Praise the Lord. We've heard from the heavens today. God is good. Let's just bow our heads and dismiss in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just certainly are grateful and thankful for the word that we've heard today and the songs that we're sang and all the things that's been said and done, the fellowship we've had. We've just felt you in our presence and in our midst and we thank you for that. And we just ask Lord as we dismiss that you'll go with us through the week. And we're going to dedicate oursel for the next two weeks for fasting and praying and and getting ourselves prepared with such anticipation and just looking to see see you move in a mighty way with with such power and demonstration in our midst. And all of our needs that we have, we're going to bring them before you. And we we pray that you would just move in our services in a mighty way. Be with brother Andrew in the weeks to come and brother Timothy in the weeks to come. that you would just lay on their hearts in the in in West Virginia and in Louisiana. That you will lay on their hearts what we need here in Elton, Kentucky. And Lord, we just love you with all of our hearts. We pray for brother Joe and and and the family as they travel home. We just ask that your guardian angels would be about them and that you will just watch over them on the road. keep them awake and keep them alert to the traffic and the things that they would arrive safely back to men, Louisiana for to go back to their jobs and lives tomorrow. Lord, bless him. Give him strength, we pray and he's poured out his heart. He's labored before us and and just to bring the word and we thank you for that and just bless him in a mighty way and restore him, we pray. Go with us now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Sing. Well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelu. Well, since I lay high, [Music] burden. Oh, glory, glory. [Applause]
