################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 62525 • Wednesday • Amateur god's - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-26
Title:    Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/25/25 • Wednesday • Amateur god's
Speaker:  Thomas Byler
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNYbNvXG79A
========================================

Description:
Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/25/25 • Wednesday • Amateur god's
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Yeah. Okay. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. You believe he's worthy. Let's stand and sing it tonight. Oh God worthy are worthy. Worthy to receive glory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Can we sing it to him again Heat. Heat. I'm worth receive. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. worthy, Lord. Amen. He's worthy of our praise, isn't he? Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice. Amen. You love him tonight. I love you, Lord. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Amen. Don't you just love him tonight? And we welcome you all in the house of the Lord tonight and just excited what God's going to do for us tonight. We're going to ask brother Daniel Wade if he'd open the service in a word of prayer tonight. Brother Daniel. Help us closer in here tonight. Amen. Amen. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Amen. Well, I will escape. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Aren't you thankful there's joy in your heart tonight? Amen. Down at the cross where my savior died. Glory to his name. If we could tonight, we're down at the cross where my savior died. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I see. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. You may be seated tonight. God bless you. We won't keep you standing all night. And I know a lot of you are tired today. It's It's been a warm day to say the least, hasn't it? But you know what? What a wonderful place we had to come in and just to be in the presence of the Lord. And brother Joe said, "How would it be if we had to have church out there in the pavilion? It'd be warm." But you know, that same God would be out there that's in here tonight. And that's what we come to do is worship him tonight. God bless you. Those that are streaming tonight, Sister Parish and Sister Peggy, the different ones, and just say God bless you tonight. And it's just good to see each and everyone here. We had uh I guess Sunday I counted up and there was 11 or 12 families gone Sunday. So we had quite a few gone Sunday. We had some visitors, but it looks like all home folks tonight. So God bless you. And this song come on my heart tonight. And and uh I know we sing it a lot sometimes, but I'm just glad to be one of them tonight. Are you glad to be one of them? Amen. Well, there are people almost everywhere. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I can see I'm aren't you happy to be one of them tonight. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. We're going to sing this next song is is I was asked if we would sing it tonight and uh for brother Joe and brother Austin and them. And brother Joe and them lost a good friend this week that worked for them, a good employee. And brother Joe was telling me about Danny. And he he said that, you know, he could he could do anything and said we could trust him and he could just take care of things for us. And and uh I think he was in Minnesota, wasn't he, Brother Joe? And he had a brain aneurysm and and the Lord decided to call him home. And you know, we don't understand things in life at all. And you know, there's one thing I've learned since I work for myself. We have a good family and we have an awesome church family, but then God gives us a family outside of people that we deal with and they become like family. And you know, when you when you lose someone, it's tough sometimes. And brother Joe asked that we'd sing this song tonight. It's I'll see you in the rapture. Amen. You know, we don't have the promise to come back Sunday. Any of us, we could be gone home. But there's one thing about it, my friend. The next time, if I'm not here Sunday, I'm gone. The next time you see me, I'm going to look a lot different than I do now. There won't be no sugar diabetes. There won't be no ball head. I'll be a I'll look like a young man again. And if you see somebody jumping real high and screaming really loud, say, "Brother David, is that you?" And I'll say, "Yes, it's so good to see you." Amen. Ain't that your heart's desire tonight? Amen. Oh, if we never meet again on this earth, my precious to God we have Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. We are again Oh yeah, heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Once again, yes, I see. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Joe and Sister Hannah. Pray for you and your co-workers, Brother Daniel and Brother Michael and Brother John Way. Would you come help them also? And they ask that we'd remember the family in prayer. Brother Joe and Sister Hannah did. And remember all them. Remember brother Austin also in prayer. And I mean, we just just pray that God will just comfort their hearts tonight. And we know our God's a comforter tonight. And also, we want to continue to remember uh Sister Parish and Sister Peggy. And I forgot to ask if anyone had heard about Sister Parish, but I'm sure she's still moving on up. So, we want to continue to pray for her tonight. And and uh also Sister Sherry and Sister Janette and Sister Donna. the Lord continue to heal her body. Amen. God's an awesome God, isn't he? And Amen. We just appreciate that tonight. If you have any on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand. Brother John Wade, would you pray over the offering in these needs tonight? Holist. Amen. Sing that little chorus. Let's stand tonight. Amen. We're fixing to turn the service over, brother Thomas. Sing that little chorus. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Well, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's what we want to do tonight. And Amen. We're going to change the order of service. We're going to ask brother Thomas to come and Amen. And you know, we we love to worship. We lead love to sing the songs of Zion, but we want to be fed tonight. And let's just sing that little chorus tonight. Fill my cup, Lord. And how many desires for your cup to be running over tonight? Amen. And how many loves the Lord? Don't you just love the presence of the Lord that's here tonight? My, [Music] it's just so good to be in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Let's just put all of our thoughts aside and just meditate upon the Lord as the word comes for us tonight and sing it. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. and make me once again feel like I live. Appreciate you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. I love you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the presence of the Lord. We greet everybody in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight. Amen. It is good to be out on a Wednesday night and to see different ones back. Amen. God bless you. Thank you musicians. Amen. Appreciate it very much. Amen. How many appreciates our musicians? Amen. We've got the best of the best. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give him a hand. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And this evening. Amen. Certainly just sense a special atmosphere. Amen. Here this evening. So we just pray God will have his way tonight. Amen. Amen. I can hear pretty good. So we should be good. Amen. We want to continue on our series. Amen. Just continue on. There's no end to it. Amen. But uh Amen. God is good. Amen. Sister Julie, you're back doing better. Amen. I hadn't checked on you, but I'm glad you're doing all right. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. We want to remember Brother Russell. Amen. Tonight, Brother Austin, Amen. texted me and said that um uh let me see just comes to my mind that what kind of cancer was it? Prostate. Yeah, that he does have prostate cancer and they do have to do a a screening. They're going to screen him, screen him to make sure that it hasn't spread. So, how many would say, "Lord, help us and let that test come back that it hasn't spread." Amen. And I remember whenever Dad Donna, you know, was diagnosed null and and I think it was the very night in the same night or the next morning one I know brother Russellville was was down at the bottom of Grand Canyon, I think, with his bunch of believers and he sent a picture of them all gathering around. Amen. And praying. We want him to know that we're going to be praying for him. I mean going to be praying for him. Amen. The whole church here, we're going to be believing for him. Amen. that he's going to equip that devil. Amen. That God is going to come in his life, manifest himself in such a way, amen, that he will experience the healing power of almighty God. Amen. We're not taking defeat. We're not accepting the devil's package. Amen. We're believing that he'll be fine and he'll get uh have every day that he has coming to him. Amen. So, let's bow our heads all and everybody pray for brother Russell, will you? Lord Jesus, we come before you just now, Lord. And we want to remember our brother, Lord, that has certainly gotten a bad report, Lord Jesus, from the doctor, Lord. But we thank you, Lord Jesus, for the good report that you have given us in Isaiah 56, God, that you said by your stripes, Russell is healed, Brother Russell Wallace. We believe, God, that you'll do a miracle for him, Lord Jesus, and that you'll cast out this enemy that has come and invaded this property of Almighty God. Devil has no right to be there. And we believe, God, that Brother Russell is right with you, Lord Jesus. And we believe, God, that you'll do a miracle, Lord Jesus. Father, that it'll make the whole community of the believers and the Christian realm, Lord Jesus, be in awe of what God can do. We have already seen what you can do in my wife, Lord Jesus. And Father, we ask God that you'll do the same for our brother, Lord. Cast that devil out. We do in the name of Jesus Christ. And we believe that he is healed. Amen. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's stop before the Lord. Say, "Thank you, Lord. It's already done." Amen. It's already done. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow. Not bow our heads. Let's open our Bibles. We just bowed our heads. Amen. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I'll tell you something. I might as well tell you. I was at the picking up uh Donna's prescription at the doctor today and you got to remember their birthday you know and I couldn't quite remember her birthday and somebody local I hardware lady sister G Jeanie I think it was was there and I was trying to remember her birthday and she said you better remember her birthday and I was scrambling there and then was another old man was sitting there about 80 years old I guess and he was watching this whole thing and you know he says Uh he says uh something about well that it'll get worse or something you know and and Genie was telling me I'm in trouble if you don't remember and stuff. And then the lady says well what's her name? I said Donna Ber I remember that. Oh my Oh my Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So that's how it goes. Praise the Lord. Turn your Bibles if you will to Romans, to the book of Romans. And probably I think brother uh brother Ben Norrod will be with us this coming. Uh brother Brad, I'm going to have him do probably about three services after that. Amen. So, Amen. We're going to hear some good preaching here coming up. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, one scripture that I didn't get to read to uh read uh last Sunday that I want to pick up on. Amen. And we've been talking about the two gods. Isn't that right? One is a real God. God is there's only one true God, one real God. Amen. He's the creator God speaks things into existence. We know that the devil is a false god, right? He's a false god. Uh he, you know, he's nothing but a inter in impersonator. Isaiah 14 talked about he wanted to be like the most high, you know, and be on the on a throne and all of that. And then we find below that that there's idols that can be gods to people. There's many gods. Isn't that right? Many gods. And I want to talk to you about a third kind here this evening with the help of the Lord here in a little bit. A third kind. That's going to be amen something that I want to test you on a little bit. But anyway, so we find that there's all of those. Amen. But basically what we've been preaching on is that you serve one or the other. No man can serve two masters, right? So you're going to love the one and hate the other or whatever. You're going to serve two and you get paid. You get paid. The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life. And that I come, Jesus said, I come that you might have life and have that more abundantly. Ain't that right? Have more abundant life. That's what Jesus come. He said that the thief comes not but to kill, to steal, and to destroy. So, we know the devil is boy, he's he's a terrible master to serve. I don't know why anybody would want to have anything to do with the devil, but they sure do. Ain't that right? And so, there's a reward for each. And uh for either one that you serve. And so, Paul kind of expresses that this in this scripture. And I found this scripture and I wanted to, you know, read that here last service, but I didn't. So, we're going to go into this this scripture and then just continue on. And it's found in Romans 2, if you'll if I pull that out. Romans 2 and verse 6. And um let me see. All right. Can you uh I'm going to do this. I'm going to use my little thing here if everybody wants to read with me. Who will render to every man according to his deeds. Now go to keep going. To them who by patient continuence and welloing seek for glory and honor, immortality, eternal life. Now, we read that fast. Go back a little bit. Go back to the other one. Uh because I want to what I'm going to go off of and where I got my thought of from was this word glory and honor and immortality, eternal life. Cuz you know to them that's talking about us, right? Amen. Talking about us there. To them who by patient continuence in welloing seek for glory. Amen. And I thought, man, we're seeking glory. Well, we want to find out just what kind of glory we seek. Ain't that right? Amen. Honor, immortality, eternal life. Now, go to the next one. But unto them, see, here's the reward for those that don't. But unto them that are contentious and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, what do they get? Indignation and wrath. Go on to the next one. Not only indignation and wrath, but tribulation and anguish. My goodness. Tribulation and anguish, Paul says, upon every soul of men that doeth evil to the Jew first and also to the Gentile. My next one. Next one. But glory. Amen. Somebody say it with me. But glory, honor, and peace to every man that workketh good to the Jew first and also to the Gentile. Amen. Give the Lord's word a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Praise the Lord. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Amen. Praise the Lord. We uh I thought, well, this, you know, I studied for a little bit. I says, "Well, we do probably just won't hold them too long." But you know how it is with ministers when we get to study and we get our little plate full. We'll try not to go too long. Amen. Praise the Lord. But now I like this because I wanted to that was kind of my punchline once again Sunday talking about, you know, for the believer. Amen. We seek glory and honor and and and immortality, eternal life. That's what we crave for. That's what we desire. [Music] But to those that are contentious, Amen. And do not obey the truth, rebellious, do not obey, he says, uh, but unrighteousness, indignation, and wrath, tribulation, and anguish. So before I really get started, I want to I want to bring in another thought here after I kind of get started. But let's let's first of all I wrote down here it says you know if you re you have to we know that we're going to have to be controlled by one or the other. We have to have to re reap the rewards of one or the other. And so if you don't want to serve God then I welcome you to this. Isn't that what Paul was pretty much saying to those that don't obey the truth? Tribulation and anguish and wrath, you know, and anybody Jew, it doesn't matter who it is. If you ain't going to serve God, welcome to tribulation. Welcome to wrath. Welcome to anguish. My gracious. Think about this. You know it says that uh uh you know even when they did not retain God in their knowledge but God gave them over to a reprobate mind to do other things which are not convenient. You don't want to serve God then he let them be filled. He lets them be filled with unrighteousness fornication wickedness covetousness maliciousness full of envy murder debate deceit malignity and whisperers backbiters. hateful haters of God. I mean, that's what they're going to be filled with. Despiteful, proud. My think about it. They're all these and they're proud of it. Yeah. I'm hateful and my Yeah. boy. Boy, you talk about a cup full. You talk about a bunch of mess in your heart. Amen. Listen. Inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents without understanding, covenant breakers without natural affection, implable, unmerciful, who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do those. Listen, you have something else. Amen. that that these people are full of the works of the flesh are manifested which are these adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft. You want to have your flesh to be the ruler. You want your flesh to get the better of you. The works of the flesh are all these: hatred, variance, emulation, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, revelings of such like of which I tell you before, as I have also told you in times past that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Amen. Well, I don't know about you, but I don't want no part of that. No, I don't want no part of the devil. I don't want no part of that. Amen. How many with me? We want to serve God. Choose you this day who you will serve. I mean I was and I thought about the facts of life. You know as you go driving by a graveyard. I mean you think about you think about the facts of life. I thought I was reading my brother B says you know you don't know but it may be by morning it won't be but a few days you could be laying in a casket and all your friends be gathered around you and looking at you down at you. Amen. How many glad to understand, so to speak, the facts of life and death? Life and death. Yeah. There's a casket. How many know if time carries and the rapture don't come? Amen. The fact is there's a grave waiting for you. There's a casket waiting for you. Amen. My But think about this. And also, how many know where give account man must give an account for his deeds? Yeah, you've got to give an account for your deeds. Who will render every man according to his deeds? How many knows it's important the way that we live and what we do and the choices that we make. It's vital. We're not playing life. No, this is life and you have to make real choices that affect you in a real way. We want to make the right choices, not the wrong choices. We want to choose God, not the devil. Amen. Aren't you so glad that we want to be part of God's glory? What is some of that glory that we want? Amen. The glory of being and understanding that you are a son and daughter of God. To know where you come from, to know what your purpose is here, and to know where you're going. Amen. And it's not just in the grave. Amen. But how many know there's a resurrection coming? There's a God, amen, that is going to raise up everybody again. There's a heaven to go to a hell to John. Amen. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. So now I wanted to get into something else just before started. Amen. As a little thought, you know, I I try to capture every little thought that comes by Tommy. He probably knows how that is. But you try to capture those thoughts that God brings into your mind, scriptures that he brings that kind of inspire you that you know you maybe speak on. Amen. And my question was just how sincere should you be to make sure that you don't miss heaven? Amen. And a scripture came to my mind cuz we know the prophet of God when he sent beyond the curtain of time he says whatever you do don't miss it. And whatever you do don't never take that downward road. Don't never take that wrong road cuz he had been in for both places when he was younger not right with God and he got that you know uh he was almost at the point of death laying in his blood and the doctors were just about had given him up and his heartbeat was just so many times a minute and and he could hear his own blood splashing I think it was and my he's you know and and and where he was was terrible but God didn't let him die. Amen. How many glad for that? That's right. Because brother Ram said there's old ladies, millions of them. The old ladies, he says, "If you wouldn't have went, we wouldn't be here." So they were thankful for his sacrifice. God was going to see to it that we have Malachi 4. Amen. But there he was in both places. Amen. And he was also in the other place. He says, "Whatever you do, don't go there." And Jesus, I'm going to let Jesus tell you how sincere you ought to be about not missing heaven. Amen. He says, "If thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish and not thy whole body be cast into hell. And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it out, and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members perish. Amen. and that thy whole body should be cast into hell. Hello. So, what is he saying? If you something, if there's something in your life, Amen. If there's a part of your body, he could have put it different, but he talked about a part of your body. There's a part of your body that's going to keep you from being there, he said, cut it out. The scripture before that he talks about whosoever lookth upon a woman to lust after has committed adultery with her in his heart already. And then he said, "If I have anything, can you imagine somebody going around, Amen, without any eyes?" And I just couldn't quit looking at the wrong thing. Oh, and you say, "Well, that was dumb. You mean you can't see because you did, you know, this, that, or the other?" According to the scriptures, you ought to applaud the man. Amen. He was dead serious about, "Hey, I'm going to overcome it. I'm not going to hell with two eyes." Amen. because it kept me from going to going to heaven. Amen. So I thought, you know, that's the way it ought to be. You know, he says Jesus said he that if you don't even you've got to even hate your own life if you're going to come and be my disc. How many know you got to be willing to die for the Lord? Amen. Many of them down through the dark ages had to. But especially in our day, you have to be willing to die to self. Amen. This evening with the help of the Lord, this is kind of a message that's going to be an answer to the question or the statement that I've made here that you need to be ready for the rapture. Need to be ready. Jesus said, "Be ye ready for you know not the day and the hour." He didn't halfway and said ready. Not almost. I'm almost ready. How many know there's going to be a lot of people that find it be left behind. They were almost them people that went out to look for that oil. They almost found oil but didn't quite find it. I don't know about you, but I don't want almost. God don't want you to be almost. But I want to tell you how that some indications. I want to give you some indications of what that means to be ready. Amen. How many believes that you can know that you're ready? You can know that you're ready. So, it's a pretty to me it's a pretty monumental message. Amen. Amen. I'm glad to have my brother Mooney with us tonight. I mean, hopefully he'll make it a habit. You know, he's been going through a rough time. It's been a hard time. And we've been praying for him and he got me to call me up the other day and he said, "Thomas, can can you come pray for me?" And he asked Brad, too, but I couldn't get a hold of Brad at the time. And so I says, "I'll come over and pray for you." And I got over there and he said, "Thomas, I I just felt led to call you." Something said, "Call Thomas." He says, "Cuz you're the pastor." And I was like, that kind of caught my attention. Pastor. I got to thinking, you know, there's no higher authority in an area than the pastor. Amen. No higher authority. So yeah, you did the right thing. Call the pastor of the area. Amen. And I believe that that voice that was talking to him was the right voice. Amen. Then tonight I got back after prayer and uh my phone had I think he had run it six times it looked like. And I says, "Well, I better call him. I'm in church, but I'm going to call him." So I called him. He says, "I feel like I ought to be in church." Amen. In church. I ought you ought to be in church. And you know, when I was talking to you and praying for you over there, you know, I thought about after I left, I thought, you know, I I I ought to tell him to come to church. But I didn't. I didn't tell him. So, I just want to say to him tonight, keep listening to that voice. I believe that voice that you heard is the right voice. Amen. He wants to get back in church. He wants to get his life right. He wants to serve God. Amen. How many give the Lord a hand? Okay. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. That devil money will have to go. I don't care how long he lingers, that anxiety devil has got to go. Amen. Why? Cuz we have talked about him. Make sure everything was right. Everything under the blood. And he's willing to repent of anything. And you have that attitude. You open yourself up for that devil to have to go. He has no closet, no room, no hole, no corner anywhere. Amen. To to hide. Amen. So this is an answer to prayer. Brother Mooney. Amen. Answer to prayer. Amen. In a much awaited time. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, let's look at this. Amen. Aren't you glad to understand? Let's get into the message now. Thinking about how that we we ought to be thankful the for the glory that God has shown us. The glory of God. How many know God has shown us his glory and his honor? We look for honor. What is that honor? That honor is to sit with him in his throne. How many's looking forward to sitting? What an honor it would be to sit with him in his throne as he sat down on his father's throne. One day, brother and sister, you and I will be there right beside him. Amen. We're going to be the bride of Jesus Christ. We're going to be not out there the servants. No, but we're going to be right there on the throne around him. Amen. That's a real honor to have it. It's a real honor. It's a real glory to be a son of God. I thought about how that it is such a glory to be a son or a daughter of God. So many people in the world don't know where they come from. They don't know what their purpose is here and they don't know where they going. How many thought we do know where we come from? Praise the Lord. Listen to this, brother Bam. Things that are to be 65. Your birth here was pre-planned. Oh my. I guess you believe that everyone of know you know that your birth was pre-planned. Did you know that your being here never originated from just a myth or a thought? Everything. It was all pre-planned by God before the foundation of the world. Amen. that you are here. Amen. He's infinite. He knew every flea that would ever be on earth and how many times it would bend its eyes. See, and our little minds cannot fathom that what infinite means. God knows all things. Now, there therefore there's nothing out of cater. Now, if we know the word of God, we know that we are when we know the word of God. I want to say we know where we come from. We know where we are living and we know the hour that we're living in. We know what lays ahead. We see what we've passed. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, then it goes again. It talking about the pre-planned being pre-planned of God. So, you were all pre-planned by God. Woo. That ought to do something. But, Brad, you was ordained to sit there for today. All of you every everything this setting tonight was pre-planned. Oh, there's nothing like being in the center of God's plan, in the center of his will and knowing you're completely surrendered to him. And yet you are of God on the inside leading and guiding. What an honor. What glory that is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. All pre-planned by God. Nothing happens by chance with God. He knows all about him. Oh, I love that scripture. We know that all things work together for the good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. Everything works together. That's why God said, "You can't lose if you're in the program of Almighty God." There's no such a thing as losing to for a Christian. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen, it's all preparing planned for many generations back so you could be here tonight. How many glad to be here? I'm glad to be here. I'm glad I'm not miserable. I'm not glad I'm not serving the devil. I'm glad I'm not out of God's will. Right in the center of his will. Stay there. Woo. Glory. Praise be to God. How many knows? Oh my. We've heard it before, but man, just when the inspiration strikes, you realize, hey, it might sound like such a small thing, but it's not. You're here because God chose you to be here. I like being here. Oh my. Because if I'm here by the will of God, don't worry. Get the old worry out of your head. You're going to be there. Amen. Because he has begun a good work in you. He will perform it. I'm not counting on myself to make it. I'm counting on him to make it for me. I count on him having me in his hand. And nothing can pop me out of his hand. Nothing can you out of his hand. Sorry. That's what I'm relying on when brother was preaching on preaching on every the time test of memorial time. I mean the bridge of Sydney and so forth. God tests everything. Amen. And those that are really tested have their eyes fixed like granite or sort of when granted but something else like flint. We have our our sights fixed on Calvary. Amen. That means you're re completely relying on what God does, what God did. Amen. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Did you think Did you know that? He says everything was planned for way back. That's right. Just think you at one time I'll repeat this again. At one time was in your father in the gene of your father and we could say our great great great great grandfather way back there. Huh? This just comes to mind. So I'll slow down. You see why uh that bull that your great great great great-grandfather was in the pen with and he come at him and he almost smashed him in the gates. He was up to kill him. And guess what? Somehow or other great big great big great big great big great big great big great big great big great big great big great great great granddaddy jumped. You ain't never seen a man jump like that. All right. All right. You dodged him because if he'd have got killed, you wouldn't be here. How many knows God watched out for you? Great great great great granddaddy. He was making sure you get here. Glory. Not just him. No, I was that was a figure of speech out there. No, you know, I I you you know, we think we I Well, maybe if they write it down in the history books, you might remember, but hardly any of us probably remember our great great great granddaddy. You'd have to look in a book to find out what his name was. That's why if time would go on, people would really not remember you. Amen. And that's okay. Just as long as he remembers me when the calling time comes. When it come time to call. Amen. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. That's all I care. When I make up my jewels, God says, when I call, when I make up my jewels, Amen. You're going to be there. Amen. Because why? Because they thought about him and talked about him in Malachi 3 or 4 there. Praise the Lord. Okay. Well, we're never going to get through this way, but anyway, good. Just I like to slow down and just chew the fat. Don't you just love to chew on that fat? Get a little bit of that meat together and cardiovascular system. Look out. Oh my. That's all right. I'm just going to go ahead and tell you my brother-in-law David Mills. you know how he is. Maybe he's listening. And uh he said his good some kind of a real good health man said that and you said that you ought to eat beef fat. So he goes to the store and buys beef fat, fries it and eats beef fat. Little bit of beef fat. You know, it's hard to believe what's true, isn't it? Little bit hard to believe what is true. One day they'll tell you to eat eggs, and then they'll tell you not to eat eggs, and then they'll tell you, "Yeah, eggs are good after all." And one day they'll tell you don't drink milk, and then I drink milk. And hey, if I like it, I'm going to eat it. [Music] Amen. Amen. All right. Go to the doctor and see what we can do to fix this. It's what we about to do, don't we? Amen. All right. So we looked at everything is pre-planned. Where you come from? Let's talk about where we come from. We know that we come from father God. How many believe that we come from God? Even as Jesus said, I come from God and I go back to God. You and I have come from God. Now, let's look at what we're here for. Would that be okay? All right. And one more one more quote on where you come from. Now, the only way that you can be a son and daughter of God because you have to have eternal life. Amen. How many believes that? And there's only one form of eternal life and that's God's life. The only one form of eternal life that was God. There to be a son of God, you had to be in him always. Amen. Always. I'm going to go ahead and say it. I think one of the most powerful things, most powerful revelations that God gives us that is an atomic bomb to the devil when he tries to tell you you won't be saved. You won't make it. Hello. One of the most powerful things is that he says you wasn't saved on any certain day. Amen. That's powerful cuz I can take you to the time and I can take you to the place fill a big creek down in Pinecraft. Hello. Where the Lord saved me and filled me with his Holy Ghost. Yeah, sure. That's perhaps when I recognize it. That's when I realize, hey, he died for me. It's for me. I am part of this. I am part of God. God saved me really did. But we did was with him before the world ever began. You was saved in the mind of God already. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many know? Aren't you glad that before the first star was put out there before the first speck of of the the solar system when God was there by himself? Amen. In his mind, he wrote your name down before the foundation of the world. He put your name down. Yet when you was saved, when he put your name down, that's enough to get you happy, knowing that it's not something that you muster up or come up with or necessarily a choice you make. Even though you will make that choice, you do have to make that choice, but that's not what it hinges on. Amen. You had to be with God. And that's what we love. I mean, what I don't know about you, but that's what I'm looking for. How many's looking for that eternal life, that immortality? Paul said, "We look for immortality." [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. So listen. So he says well I'm only one form. He says you had to be in him always. The gene of your life, the spiritual life tonight. And of course we could if we had time but to go into that little something that told you this was wrong and that was wrong. He says that that was that little gene working. Amen. Amen. Brother Mooney remembers when we were still sinners when I first come down from Ohio. We was in the house there. You might remember. And I started preaching to you almost. And you we was half drunk probably. And he says, "Man, until you're going to live it, don't preach it to me." I said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. You're right. You're right." And I left it like that. I left it. It was kind of some kind of a revelation I had or whatever. It was that little gene working. I just hadn't really come to it yet. I hadn't surrendered until later on. It was a bit later before God really went that gene. He really begin to work. Hey, there's got to be more to life than just partying. There's got to be more life than just all of this, you know, living however you want to. There's, you know, leaving you totally empty. Hello. And not feeling Yeah. like you're nothing but a rag. Hello. And a dirty old rag of some kind. There got to be something more. Got to be something more. And I don't mean to get on my testimony here, but still. Amen. God begin to working and I begin to searching and and talking to different ones and and trying to find basically seeking God. I realized that that wasn't later I found out it was God pulling on me. It was God. No man comes to the father unless my to me unless my father draws him. I mean that was the father drawing him drawing me. And I tried different uh I'm going to go ahead different different people that would come through in robes and everything else and hey what do you believe? You got some robes on you must be religious. I wasn't afraid to go up and say what do you believe? Tell me what you believe. And they got the you know doing crazy stuff like condemning me for wearing shoes. Thou shalt not kill. And you had to put kill the cow to get the leather for your shoes. Well please forgive me. I was ignorant. That's it. I'll call me ignorant. I didn't know, you know. He said, "So, tell me more." And so they said, "Come back to Pine Craft Park back there where you usually go at the ramp." And there was a little trail that goes back into bushes back there. Amen. They were back there and I went way pumped by into the bushes to find them people over there. And they were more concerned about washing their clothes. Where they going to go wash their clothes? And they had something wrapped up and smoking. Now, I don't know if that was tobacco or another kind of tobacco, but I said, "Whatever it is, I'm out of here. This ain't it. This is not what I was looking for. [Applause] And so that was the end of that. But the point that I want to make just shortly with this is I'm so glad. I am so glad that God had sent Malachi 4 and somebody knew of a prophet. Ain't that right? Cuz when I met them, I come to the right thing. Amen. That was the right way. Amen. I thank God cuz I'd still be lost. You'd still be lost. You'd still be wondering. You'd still be seeking if God wouldn't have brought Malachi forward. You'd be cursed with a curse of never really knowing what's right. So, we thank God for the message. Amen. Praise be to God. All right. So, he says, "Now listen to this." And I like this. The gene of your life, the spiritual life tonight was in the God the Father before there was even a molecule. That's deep. That's deep. The gene of your life, the gene of you. Hello. How many believed you had to be a gene of God? We are God's genetics. No wonder we act like we do. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise the Lord. No wonder we don't just act a little bit like Jesus does. Amen. I'm sorry. If you don't like it, then just blame my jeans. It's in my jeans. And I'm not talking about my blue jeans cuz I ain't got very many of that. Amen. The jeans. We're the jean of God. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that just that jean of your life? Praise be to God. You're nothing. Now listen, this is I love this. And you are and you are. I like when he tells us who we are cuz there's a whole lot of confusion out there about who people are. They don't know what in the world they are. Why? Because they're serving the God of Confucious. Confusion. God is not the God of confusion. You're nothing. You're nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. Now you are express. Woo. How many likes to express themselves? God loves to be expressed. He expressed himself when he came into the form of Jesus Christ. The Bible says that he was the express image of God. How many believes that you at the believer, you are expressing God to your world, to your community. We are the expression around Elton or Scottsville or wherever you are. We are the expression of God. Remember the token. If you have the token, it must be on display. People have got to be able to see that you've got the Holy Ghost. They've got to be able to see it. God help us that they can see more of the Holy Ghost in our lives. Got to be on display. Not just hid, not covered up. No. But shown plainly to the world. I'm a Christian. And they can tell by your works. Remember, a tree is known by the fruit that it bears. If you got two more hours, I want to talk about that. How you can know. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, notice you are expressed after his word has come in you to light up this age. How many believe you're the light of this age? You are the light of the world. God help me. God help you to trim that wick a little more so that our wives can see the light of God in us. So our husbands can see the light of God in us. So our children can see the light of God in us. So our neighbors from the everybody can see the light of God in us. Lord, trim my lamp. [Applause] That's what we are called to do is to be light. Amen. Amen. And you are expressing God's life in you because you are a son or a daughter of God. Amen. Amen. All right. That I'm doing the last first quote last. So I was wondering where it got to. It's still up there at the first quote. Okay. Um, so he says you are expressing God's life in you because you're a son and daughter of God. Therefore, you get what I mean? He says you're sitting in this church tonight because your duty is to express God to this nation and to this people and to this neighborhood where you associate wherever you are. God knew that you would be here. Amen. And listen, we're washed. And when the water came, the washing of the water fell upon you. It was expressed in a being. Now you have fellowship with your father. See, just as you did with your earthly father. You're citizens of the king. Amen. You're his children, sons and daughters of God. Amen. Right now in the other dimension, there's Jesus somewhere sitting on that intercessory, that place of intercessory. How many knows in that realm and in that dimension, there's hosts of angels? Angels, mighty angels that if God says, "Go down to Sodom and destroy it," it goes down and destroys it. Hello If it says go flood the world, it goes down and it floods the world. Powerful angels under commission told by God to do mighty things. What it would be like to be an angel, but we're taught by the message in the hour that you and I have more authority than those angels. If you're in the place that you ought to be with God, then you have more authority than an angel. They are servants. You're a son. You're let me tell you them devils don't have no right. They better listen to what God's people say. Speak that word. Don't count it and it'll be storms will stop. Will stop will stop. Everything will stop and leave. May those things stop and leave anxiety. We've got the authority. We're sons and daughters of God. What a privilege. What a honor. What glory. That's glorious. That's the kind of glory I like to see. [Applause] Praise be to God. Amen. All right. Now take another turn. And this is a quote kind of picked up from where brother Bram talks about where we're going to go. Jesus says, "I go to prepare a place for you." And brother Brandham used this in a message called Things That Are To Be. And he said, "This is usually a sermon that we preach at a funeral." Brad isn't that right. I go to prepare a place for you that where I am, there ye may be also. Amen. And we want to come back with the rest of the 15 minutes we got and talk about what we're here for. Amen. But this will bring us into the thought of what we're here for. I'm telling you, this vest is just too hot. That air conditioner turned to good. We're going to have to have a fan. I thought, brother B, why do you try to dress nice? Why do I dress nice? Tell you why I dress nice. Cuz we are representatives of Jesus Christ. We are representing the greatest thing upon the face of the earth. Amen. I don't want Senator Rubio. Rubio, what is he? A state secretary of state. When he goes, he don't go slouchy. He don't look like that one. I guess I shouldn't call names. when some of those senators are supposed to dress right and they don't. They dress like some street thugs. But anyway, but it's hot up here. So, if you don't mind, listen to this. So, Jesus says, "I go to prepare a place that is to receive them shows there." He says that there is life after this life is ended. What a consolation that ought to give us all to know that after this life is over, there is a life that we go into. How many believe that? And as you get older, it becomes more of a reality to you. And as you begin to see days of your life growing close, then it begins to make you pack up closer. Amen. How many say that? That's right. Pack up closer. But I'm here to tell you, it better not just be for us. All folks pack it up closer. Amen. Every one of us better pack up a little closer. Amen. Because we're all going to meet him in the air. And you're either ready or you're not. And you begin to pack up closer getting ready for that great event. And here is something that caught my attention that took me to all this other stuff. He says that great event, things that are to be paragraph 23. He says it's continuing of this same life in another world. Another place. But the Bible says that death don't change our character, does it? Death don't change you. If you was to drop that right now, you would be what you are. Amen. you would be what you are. And I thought, my that's right. What we do when we cross over, he says, the only thing death does to you, Brother Bam says, it doesn't change you. It only changes your dwelling place. Amen. Amen. So if you've got bad things in your life, if you got bad habits in your life, you wouldn't want to drop dead right now, cuz that's what you'd be on the other side. If you're impure, you'd have impurities over there. But I'm going to say, if you've got the peace that passes understanding, you'd say, "Well, yeah, this is just what I was looking for. I don't know about you, but I'm looking for this body. This body that pulls you down and hinders you in every manner. Amen. One of these days it'll be changed. Amen. So that man don't never have to have a battle like Paul talked about. Now it's not two dogs fighting anymore. Amen. It's a white dog in a white body. Amen. No black dog around. We're looking forward to that. [Music] Amen. You would be exactly what you are now. If you're evil now, you'd be evil over there. If you'd have sin in your life, you'd be have sin life over there. And most likely, you wouldn't have a theophony body to go into. Amen. Woo. We're privileged people. We're privileged people. Amen. And so I want to acknowledge I want to tell you this. Whatever it is in your life, amen, that would keep you out of the kingdom, it's time to cut it off. It's time to do a little cutting. Amen. Stop this. If your phone, Amen, gives you trouble, get rid of the phone. If your job keeps you from the house of God, keep you from serving God, right? Get another job. Make way for God. Make room for God. Hello. Praise be to God. Whatever it is, could be anything. Whatever it is, you got to be as desperate as what Jesus said. You better be willing to cut your hand off if that's what it takes. Ready and willing to pluck your eye out. I'm serious about this thing. You got to be serious about this thing. Willing to do whatever it takes, but I won't let nothing stop me. Amen. I'm going to heaven. If my brother don't go, don't hinder me. Since it don't go, don't hinder me. Amen. But we will try to stop and pick him up. If my brother's in the way, we will try to stop and pick him up. Is that all right? Amen. But if the devil rolls around, we will roll right over him. We will roll right over him. We ain't going to pick that guy up. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. I thought my that is good. So, what's some of the requirements? What do you got to have? How do I know? How do I know I'm rapture ready, brother? How do I know? Well, a tree is known by its fruit. Amen. All [Applause] right. Now, let's get started. Have you got my title ready? Here's my title tonight. Amateur God. Oh, man. I messed up, Brother Tommy. I mess up here too. I was going to say, what is the other kind of gods that there is? What other kind of God is there besides the devil and besides God? You ought to have had you baffled, wouldn't I? You probably wouldn't have thought about that amateur god thing. But anyway, there you are. Amateur gods. Amen. See, but Bab says in Ephesians par parallels Joshua when he made man Jehovah he says what did that mean? I am the allexistent one who is created something off of myself to be a son of mine or a temporary or an amateur little one of mine. Oh glory. Why? He's a Jehovah means that he gave man to be an amateur god. Woo! Boy, we can got a 12 on that one. Think about it. God has made us to be amateur. Our little gods, brother Brad. We are little gods. Say, "I'm a little god." That's right. That's right. Joshua, when he said, "Son, stand still." And then stood still, he was an amateur dog. Why? because God come down and spoke through him. Hello. Moses creating fleas and everything. You'll be like God and Abram and uh Aaron will be your prophet. Is that what God told Moses? You be like God and he'll be like your prophet. Woo. Thank you, Lord. It's a pretty big word, isn't it? But this is the third part of my series on this that we're amateur or little gods because he is Papa God. He is father God. Woo. Let's rub that in the devil's face. Devil, you ain't nothing but a loser. That company was kicked out of heaven that all you can do is do what good God allows you to do. You can't even do anything without permission. Amen. You're just a loser. But we are born sons and daughters of God in our very us. It just makes us that way. It just gives us faith. If you want to know how you're supposed to be, look at Jesus life. He was a perfect example, wasn't he? He was the perfect example of the expression of what God was. He did nothing but what his father showed him first. God help us. Each one and I, brother Brad, listen close. Listen close every day. Listen to that voice. He'll give you messages. He'll talk to you. Amen. Just like that little thing there with with uh cut your hand off or and so forth. I never really understood it, but the Lord revealed that's just how serious God wants you to be about not missing it. Hello. Even your own life also. Whatever it takes, Lord. Amen. Okay. Praise the Lord. See, now God made man to be predominant over the earth. He had a dominion and the earth was man's dominion. That's right. Amen. If that's his domain, then he's God over the earth. How many believe that's what you was meant to be? Each and every one of you brothers, sisters, can you imagine being in heaven and I look, I want some of these kind of flowers. Brother Brad and y'all, brother, sister Joyce, y'all never going to have to do no pots and waters. No, it's just going to be by speaking of the word. Any one of us put our flower beds around just the way that we want. Build the house just the way we want. Amen. I'm going to tell you this right now. Hallelujah. Praise God. I mean, I won't have to know, hey, hold on and smash my thumb again and get it black and blue and lose my thumb again over there. No, it ain't going to be nothing like that. Hell, it ain't going to be nothing like climbing under that house and plumbing and having to have two fans on you just enough to burn up in this heat. Woo! will be able to say, "Come on, breeze. I could use a little breeze. 15 12 miles an hour." That's right. I feel like a heaven just just this way or that just that way. Hello. Speak the word. You know, the glorious part of it, we need to be practicing that over here. How many believes that we're just continuing this life over there? Like brother Brad, brother Brandon when he was that bull came, he says, you know, he spoke to him that love came down and he apologized to the bull. I'm sorry, bull. I have intruded upon your territory and you are only doing what God put in your genes to do. And that's to kill anybody that comes on your territory. You're the big bull. Big bad bull. But I'm a servant of God and I'm going to pray for one of his little ones. So stop and go back where you come from. Hello. And that love dropped down. He says he wasn't afraid of that bull more than anything. Before that, he's like every one of you and I should be. You know what that was? Well, if this is going to be my end, help me to go not a coward, but just as bravely as I can. Ain't that right? You was ready if this is how I'm going to go. Okay, honey. I'm not the only one that chuckles themselves sometimes. So, that's all right. Praise the Lord. All right, let's get back to this before we all end up doing All right. Praise the Lord. God is good, ain't he? God is good. Did I say something wrong or No, it's Yes, sir. All right. All right. Never know. Sometimes I say something and everybody after church says it was because you said this and I was like, I mean, it ain't no wonder. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, brother Joe. Thank y'all for praying. I really appreciate the atmosphere and everything. It really makes all the difference in the world. It really does. And we pray that Amen. we'll just keep that up. Amen. Keep that atmosphere going. Amen. Praise the Lord. An amateur God. This is our domain. Then if that's his domain, he was God over the earth. He could speak and it would be so. He would speak this and it would be so. There he is. God Jehovah. How many knows we have that? We have got that waved over us. We have got that showed us. Did not. Brother Bram says, "I am your daddy, so to speak. I'm your father that I've be now. You don't call me that, but I'm your father that I've begotten you to the gospel." If we are children of the prophets, how many believe we ought to act like children of the prophet. We ought to be act like we ought to be able to speak. We ought to be be able to believe the way that he did. But how many knows this one thing that before you can be an adopted son and before you can speak some of this power without character is satanic. That's right. So how many believe that there's only one thing that you can take with you when you leave here and that is your character. And that character to make a long story short that character is molded by trials and tests, hard times, strugglings and pains. Amen. It comes to my mind. I'm just going to go ahead and say it. The Lord has blessed me and my wife. He has blessed me with allowing us to be a shepherd of this flock. People that's filled with the Holy Ghost. I thank God for every one of you. Amen. And then naturally speaking, giving us a farm out there way beyond what we could ever ask for. a nice 300 acre lake, a creek that goes right into it. The best hunting I could have ever asked for. 15 point buck last year. Just really, really thankful for what God has given us. Getting to have our children out there, getting to that place and and we've went through so much. I've went through so much, Brother Brad, that I thought, you know, we've and I I don't have any animosity against anybody. I love everybody. I believe that if anybody did me wrong, I would love them and I would pray for them anyway. Amen. And I had gotten to the place, brothers and sisters, where I thought, well, maybe I kind of graduated from that. Maybe I don't have to deal with those trials. Maybe we don't have to do that anymore. We're getting in our golden years. I'm a terrible word to say. You know, they say you had the golden years or whatever. And we were I was just and so forth. And then and then as you know, Amen. When we went to the doctor, of course, then we faced the biggest test and trial of our life. It was worse than anything that we could have ever faced because it was a fight to the death. Hello. It was a life and death. We've never had a life and death situation. So, I realized that and I thought like, well, maybe this is some kind of a graduation test or something. This is you can't go any further. You can't go any harder than this is live or die. Sink or swim. This is this is somebody's something has to die. Amen. The devil like the doctor said to Donna, you know, and I and I thought about this here when I was thinking about this, how did the doctor says, "You're going to die of breast cancer." That was nothing short of what Goliath said to David. I'm gonna take you and unp my spear and I'm gonna feed you to the birds. There was nothing left in him saying you're gonna die and you're going to go in the grave. And then she replied with that's what you say. That's what she said. That's what you say. But my God, Amen. I come to you not with science, not with tests, not with looking at the screens, but I come to you in the name of the Lord by his stripes. I'm going to take your house. There was nothing short of it. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise be to God. Now, I'll be honest with you. A man is what he is under pressure. How many believes that? Isn't that what the prophet thought? Put a man under pressure and you'll see what he really is. So, my thought tonight is that if you want to know whether you're ready to go or not, look at yourself and how you react under pressure. What do you do when you're under that kind of pressure? That's right. Amen. Trials of any kind, whatever comes your way. How many knows that's what God is doing to us? He is molding us and shaping us and molding our character. God help me cuz you just never know. You never know what's coming next. Right? But remember this folks, if you really want to know if you love God and you're in a place where you're rapture ready, and that is, and I'm going to I'm going to Can I say it the way Jesus, he says, I say unto you, you. No, you have heard that it has been said, an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that you resist not evil, but whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. How many know these are all trials? These are all tests. These things are not easy to do. When somebody maybe not literally smacks you, but somebody does you wrong, The first thing as a carnal human being is for you to say, "I'll get back at him." Amen. I'll get back at him. I'll get him. Test number one. Turn to him the other. Can you not have any bitterness in your heart? If any man sue you at the law and take away thy coat, can you give him your cloak also? If somebody compels thee to go a mile, will you go with him the extra mile? Give to him that askstth from uh uh that would borrow from thee, and turn him not away. Ye have heard that it has been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say to you, love your enemies, and bless them that curse you. Amen. Do good to them that hate you. Wow. Remember this, folks. This is not This cannot be put on. I believe that you have to have it in your heart. It's got to be there cuz he isn't going to come to get somebody that just says, "Well, I I know I I really want to, but I know I can't." Uh-uh. You didn't pass the test. He's not coming for those that have it in their heart yet to do it. Do good them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you, and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your father, which is in heaven. For he maketh the son to rise on the evil and on the good, sendeth rain on the just and the unjust. For if you love them which love you, you have to say you're the same as everybody else. And if you sleep, church salute your brethren also. A that's the way the others do too. Do not even the publicans the same. Be ye therefore perfect. When the perfect storm comes, can you have calm in the middle of the storm? How many knows that God is the eye of the storm for me? He is the eye of the storm. There can be calm in the middle of the storm. Trust me, when I heard this and when I dealt with this, I was knocked off my feet. And it took me weeks of prayer and finding the right thought. Hello. Saying, "God, how do I deal with this?" And by God's grace, he helped me to find the right thought. Amen. Cuz I felt like my wife already had it. I needed to get the right thought. And that is we're in God's hands. Fear. Go ahead and get out of here. You have no idea. Well, until you've experienced it of what the thought the how the devil will put thoughts in your mind. Okay. Well, you're going to bury her out here. We're going to have a funeral here. This that or the other. Oh my. You get weak and you just Oh, man. the throttle down and I had to smack myself. Get a hold of yourself. Hello. She's not going to die. She's going to live now. Quit thinking that. Quit thinking those thoughts. That's what the devil wants you to think. Amen. No doubt, Brother Russell. I don't know what he's thinking, but I want to encourage him. Think thoughts of faith. Amen. Cuz we're believing with him. Amen. He's going to be all right, Brother Austin. We're going to God. God is going to whip it. We aren't. God is going to whip it cuz he more than able. How many believe that? And we believe that it's already done. We just have to accept it and receive it. That's right. Say, "It's mine. It's mine." Amen. Amen. My prayer is every one of you, don't let anything set you. Don't let anything be not uh soon shaken. Don't be shaken. Be steadfast no matter what happens cuz this is a rocking world. Amen. And if you notice, if you notice, Brother Brandham talked about cutting things off. He talked about going beyond the curtain of time. How many remembers that? And what he seen those people over there and he says, "Oh my precious friend, my beloved, my darlings of the gospel, my begotten children unto God." 1960, he says, "My, listen to me, your pastor. I wish there was some way I could explain it to you. There's no words. I couldn't find it. It's not found anywhere. But just beyond that last breath is the most glorious thing that you've ever There is no way to explain it. There's no way. I just can't do it. But whatever you do, friends, I said, he said, "Lay aside, huh? Lay aside everything else." In other words, cut out everything else until you get perfect love. How many knows perfect love for God casts out all fear? Anytimes cancer, anything happens, the first thing that hits you is fear, doubt, negativity. But love God. And many times brother talked about if you have cancer, if you get any things, the important thing is just to love God. said, "Love God." Why? Cuz that'll cast that thing out. How many believe casts out fear? Get perfect love. Get to that spot that you can love everybody, every enemy, everything else. Amen. Thus sayaith the Lord, it'll take perfect love to put you in that place. Amen. How many knows that you cannot know whether you have perfect love until you get tested? How many knows? You want to know what kind of blood you have yet? You got to get tested. Let us run some tests. Let's run some tests. You want to know if a tree has good roots? Let's see a side wind. How many knows going down to Florida and that big hurricane and and around here going home sometimes after a tornado comes through trees everywhere uprooted up on their sides. Well, that tree wasn't strong enough. And that's about like it is Christian nowadays. Here's one in the ditch. Here's one over here on this side here. Everybody blowing around because winds. Hello. But I believe I'm believe in that tree who's got their roots deep. The winds blow. They're coming sideways. It's hard. But hallelujah. That root is holding. It won't let me flop over. It won't let me go. Why? Cuz you're rooted and grounded. The only way you'll know if you'll stand is to have a wind. So don't be so afraid of the winds. Brother Bryant, all of us that are getting older, we've got that big wind ahead of us called death. That's right. That's one of the facts of life is that we're going to get old. We're going to shrivel up. Brother Bram says, "And if time carries, the rapture doesn't come, we're going to die." Hello. It's a simple fact of life. But I am so glad that there's another fact of life, brother Brad. That is that we can have a savior to know. Amen. That we don't have to worry about judgment. We don't have to worry about death. We don't have to worry about the grave. Cuz we've already been shown that beyond that last breath. Amen. That really when we're dying, we ought to be happy about it. Lord, boy, that sounds crazy, don't it, brother John? We ought to be happy about it. Come on people. I've got a quote for you. Who was it? One of those one of those I forget his name now, but he's remember he said he says, "Who's dying here?" He says, "Who's dying? Me or you?" Couldn't sing in them old slow. Oh my. You know songs. Amen. And they got the choir got a giddy up song. Oh, drap my savior. open up the windows this air and come do give me some rejoicing here. Brother Bosworth, remember what he said? What he said? Brother B says, "But brother Bosworth, you're dying." He said, "No, I'm not dying. I'm just going home." But B says, Brother Bam knew just what to ask, what questions to ask. He says, "What was the best time of your life?" When everybody was roaring, whenever he had a great service and all this ever, maybe he people were healed. Maybe a lame person ran ran wondering around. You know what would your greatest time? What did he say? Right now. Right now. How many believe that if you really have faith when that wind comes when you're ripped ready with God? I believe that's the way you can be. That's the way we can we can be. We don't have to be scared. We can say like Paul, your stinger, the sting of death. Amen. the scariness of death. Oh death, where's your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory? But I thank God who gives us the victory through Jesus Christ our Lord. Hallelujah. How many glad for that victory? [Applause] Amen. I guess the core of the thought tonight was how do we know if you're ready? All I can tell you is if you match this right here, if you've got that perfect love, and you stand in the middle of the storm, hello, and you trust in God, he is your anchor. It's a good sign. Brother Brandham also said talking about the token he says but in this glorious place under this covenant there's a difference between the blood and the life the token for the believer and he was talking about putting that blood on the lentil of the door and on the post he says it's not the blood chemistry but it's the holy spirit of god how many believes in this hour he said it's not about the chemistry of the blood it's not even you believing about the chemistry of the blood amen Man, it's not about you saying, "I believe what he did on Calvary." You have to do that. But there's a lot of people that say that, but they don't get what they're supposed to get from believing that. How many knows what you're supposed to get from believing that? The Holy Ghost. Abraham says, "If you really genuinely believe with all of your heart, God is obligated to give you the Holy Ghost sitting in your seat." Well, I don't know if he said sitting in your seat, but anyway, I say sitting in your seat right there. right where you are, God is obligate. He will give you the Holy Ghost if you really believe it with all your heart. And he said the evidence that God has accepted your sacrifice, the evidence that you really had faith in that is when you're circumcised and that is given the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Praise the Lord. And listen what he says. And today, it's not the chemistry that God is looking for. this token that God requires of the church today. God must see this token. He must see it in every one of us. Therefore, in these evening shadows as he's appearing and the wrath is ready to be poured out upon high upon the ungodly nations, upon the ungodly unbelievers and a lot of ungodliness in there. Boy, he's about right, ain't he? Professors without a possession. As I've tried to unfold myself now, we are living in the shadows to wrath that is ready to strike. God's requiring a token that you yourself have received this token, the Holy Ghost. It's the only way. It's the only sign that God will ever pass because it is the literal life of Jesus Christ returned back on the lever. How many's glad that you can have not just a baptism of the Holy Ghost, not just some formal ritual of something, but the very life of Jesus Christ, the very life of God. You won't go outside of that. You won't go in the rapture outside of that. Amen. There again, he said, "Amen. It must be upon each one of us." Praise the Lord. All right. 15 minutes long. Is that okay? We're going to stop right there. You love the Lord. I can't but just say one more thing. Stand with me. My heart's yearning, my heart's desire is for everybody that is in here and for those that are streaming that'll hear this that you will look and be a fruit inspector. Search yourself. Search your heart. see if you're in love with God the way that you should be. And see if the character of Jesus Christ is in your heart because see really you can only be a judge of yourself. You know better than everybody else. We can fool everybody else. But you got to be honest with yourself and say if you're not this evening and you want to see more of the character of Jesus Christ in your life and say God I must have it cuz that's the only thing I can take with me is the character the kind of person that I am and that doesn't always come easy. How many know is it made and molded by sufferings and trials and things that come our way? God, I raise my hand. I want to be ready for that rapture. And tonight, God, I pray that you will cut off, cut out of my life anything that is a hindrance to your Holy Spirit. Any disobedience in my life, I ask God that you help me to come into full obedience to your word. That is my heart's desire, Lord. We want to be sons and daughters of God that are fit to rule, that have the character of Christ in their life. Lord, forgive us of where we're not. Lord, help us as we take these few moments to raise our hands to you and say, "God, show me. Show me if there's any area in my life that I'm still blind that I still haven't given you the room that you should have and that you desire. I raise my hands now and say, "God, show me. Show me. Show me." Father, I do want don't want to deceive myself. I don't want to fool myself. I want to be honest with you. And when you talk to my heart and you tell me what it is, God, that I need to cut off, what I need to change in my life to get closer to you and to be more like you, I will be obedient. I will obey what you say. God, bless every heart, every mind that is asking this of you. So that father, if you come tomorrow morning between 6:00 and 9, everything will be right in our hearts, in our lives. We want to be ready because we could come any time, Lord. And we truly do believe that we're sons and daughters of yours. Help us, Lord, to humbly, Lord, live a life that is worthy of the gospel of Christ in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. You love him. Turn it over, David. God bless you. Amen. Love you better. Bless you. Amen. Enjoy that tonight. Amen. He I I only had one disagreement with him. He said he was going to get us some good preaching. I tell you, that's pretty good to me tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand tonight. Amen. Amen. I love our pastor. We appreciate him very much tonight. And Amen. Let's sing that little chorus before we go. Glory, glory, hallelujah. since I laid my burdens down. Then we'll let you go tonight. Well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burden down. Well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid mine, the burden's down. Oh yes, I'm feeling oh so much better since I laid my burden down. Oh yes, I'm feeling oh so much better since I laid my burdens down. Amen. You love him with all your heart. And Amen. And uh I've got a prayer request. I actually forgot to write it down tonight. And I'm going to have brother Brad come and dismiss the service tonight. remember this and my daughter uh called me and there's a young girl it's a friend of it's one of her best friends her daughter she's 16 year 15 years old her name is Ocean Moore she tried to commit suicide and uh she's been on depression medicine for quite some time I guess and I thought 15 years old and already on depression medicine And I began to talk to Jennifer about her and and she said that the girl asked to be homeschooled a couple years ago. And I said, "Well, what happened?" She said, "Dad, I don't know. She's been cutting herself and burning herself and then she tried to OD on the drugs and and her mother, mom and dad just really I don't know how they would be cuz I've never had to deal with that." But I asked you tonight to pray for him and pray for her and and her name is Ocean. And uh we're just going to ask brother Brad to come and dismiss us and take this knee to the Lord in prayer tonight. Brother Brad, let's just bow our hearts this evening. Lord, heavenly father, we come before you, Lord. No doubt we've heard from you tonight, Lord. We felt your presence from the moment we stepped into the building tonight. And Lord, we've heard the overcoming words. We've heard words of inspiration and motivation. Words that gets us ready to make sure our lives line up with what you would have us to be. Lord Lord, you hear the the sincere need tonight, Lord. This such a serious situation, just a young lady, 15 years old, and the devil is torturing her, tormenting her. And but Lord, we know that you care. There was a maniac that was across the sea, a raging sea, who was in the tombs. And the prophet said he was so strong he could pick up those tombs, those tombstones, and throw them. And he was cutting himself with the stones and and just butchering himself. But you cared, Lord. You went across the rag and sea, not not to impress the people, not to show the multitudes or to reach out to the many, but you went for one. And Father, we ask that you would just go to this young lady tonight. We don't know her situation. We don't know what depresses her, what gives her the the panic and the anxiety and the fear of this world, but Lord, you do. So Lord, we just co commit to you tonight, Lord, and commission you, Lord, that you would just go and and touch her tonight, Lord, that you would minister to her, that you would just give her peace and you will give her mo more than anything deliverance and let her know, Father, that you are a loving, all powerful God, and that the blood is still wet on Calvary and that you can be there for her, Lord, and heal her body of this mental disease, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for the service we've had tonight, Lord. And we thank you for everybody that's made an effort to come out. And we just ask, Lord, as we dismiss this service that you'll go with each and every one of us, Lord, that you'll just have your guardian angels and compass about us as we travel and go go our separate ways. Be with us through the remainder of the week. And Lord, bring us back at your appointed time on Sunday. Be with Brother Ben as he prepares for the service and you know the needs that we'll have this weekend. and speak to his heart in the days to come that he could minister the word to us. We love you Lord. We give you honor, praise, and glory for all that you do in Jesus name. Amen. With me. If Jesus goes with God bless you, I'll go anywhere. Oh, it's heaven to
