################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Bro Brad Powell • 7625 • Sun. • Down Through the Ages Pt 2, The Big Reveal - Brad Powell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    Bro Brad Powell • 7/6/25 • Sun. • Down Through the Ages Pt 2, The Big Reveal
Speaker:  Brad Powell
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uU9BMhTzYQ
========================================

Description:
Bro Brad Powell • 7/6/25 • Sun. • Down Through the Ages Pt 2, The Big Reveal
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] All right. All All right, we'll try that. All right. Uh, next Saturday at our place starting around 10:30, bring a dish, bring your chairs, bring a fishing pole, bring kayaks, bring all-terrain vehicles, uh, bring your horse if you'd like. It's a big farm, so any anything you like to do for recreation. Amen. We'd love to have you. Amen. Invite your friends. Is that okay? Amen. So, we're looking forward to a good time next weekend, Lord willing. Amen. I do know they have some rain coming in, but it's finally drying up down there pretty good. So, let's hope that it's feasible. Amen. Uh, and not too much rain. Praise the Lord. Um, so let me think. Amen. How many is really looking forward to Brother Brad's series on the church ages? Amen. I'll tell you what, when I heard that he was having it on the church ages, I was like, well, that'll take him a couple years. Amen. Amen. And I think I've went through through those twice, amen, in my ministry here. But Amen. I look forward to hearing brother Brad going through it. And Amen. I brought my church age book along. Amen. I don't know if you did, but just in case, he's got a quote that I can pull up. Some of the most famous quotes that we use, any of most preachers use. Amen. Come out of church age book. Amen. Amen. So, we're looking forward to it. He's going to minister this this morning and this evening. Amen. And so we're certainly looking forward what the Lord has for us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Leah, we're going to pray for you this morning. Amen. And give you that prayer cloth. Okay. Amen. And Sister uh Marjorie send me a text this morning. Said the fluid's building up just a little bit, but she's going to see her doctor and everything. So, let's just remember Sister Marjorie in prayer. Amen. and she's having a hard time gaining weight and of course uh so we just pray the Lord will help her gain weight and get feeling in her fingers and hands. Amen. Um and and also her legs and feet. Amen. That she'll be able to get her feelings back. Amen. It's good to have Mooney and Kathy back with us. Amen. We trust that that'll be their spot. Amen. I believe they fit right there and it was just so good to see them back again and so we just welcome them in a special way. They're family and we love them very much. Amen. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Remember Jason, Megan, and Kelton in prayer. It says they are not believers. They have lots of challenges. Amen. Today, Amen. Sin is drowning them. Drinking marijuana, tobacco, and cigarettes, vaping, which we know that they do that because they are unbelievers. And that is the attributes of it. Amen. How many believes they'll be believers? Let's pray that they'll become believers. Amen. Megan, anxiety is off the chart. Amen. So, amen. That anxiety is something else, isn't it? Amen. I don't wish that upon anybody. Amen. Mooney, are you doing a little better? Doing a little better on your anxiety. Praise the Lord. More prayer. All right. Well, we're pray that you'll get out of that. Amen. Anxiety is off the chart. Amen. with the medicine she is on. It says doctor says no alcohol and that is one problem and they know we are are praying for them till they we are praying until they get the Holy Ghost. Then they will put God first and not their other is and have those issues. Uh we'll be in church when the and they'll be in church when the doors are open. Amen. When uh when they feel like it. Amen. And will feel like it or something like that. when mom and dad had uh now when mom and dad not right how do kids have a chance right how many believe we need parents godly parents is so important amen let's pray for all families this morning that have children that are lost we don't want to leave any behind amen so that's a good request brother Joe Amen so we want to remember them in prayer amen uh just pray to the Lord how many's glad had to serve a God that's a living God. Amen. We're not serving a historical God. We're serving the living present God. Amen. And we're so grateful that he is in the midst of us. He said, "Wherever two or three are gathered, there I will be in their midst." How many believe God is in our midst? All things are possible them that believe. Amen. Amen. And we're just looking for God to come in a special way, speak to our hearts, come and move in a special way. We want to take our time. Is that okay? Uh, amen. And so I'm going to do a couple more things maybe after uh uh uh after brother Eduardo prays and opens up in prayer. Where you where you at? There you are. Amen. How many I still think about his testimony he gave. I really enjoyed that. Amen. God bless you, brother. Oh, God bless you. Let's pray. Our kind heavenly father, Lord God, what a privilege we have this morning, Lord God, to first of all to come into your presence, Lord Jesus, by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. What a privilege we have as children, Lord God, that we would find ourselves in need, Lord God. We have a refuge. We have a place to come, Lord God, and and present our needs, present our petitions and our troubles, Lord God. And we know you care, Lord God. And what a privilege it is to this morning, Lord God, to have health, Lord God, to have strength, Lord Jesus, and to come in the house of the Lord, Lord God, to praise you, to hear your word, Lord God, to glorify your name, Lord God, and and to show the devil, like that woman said, "Why you go up to church if you don't know how to read?" She said, "But I just want to go over there and show the devil what side I'm in, Lord God." So this morning, Lord God, we want to show the devil what I wear in Lord God. And I know there's many petitions, many requests here written on this pulpit, Lord God. You know, my personal ones, Lord God, but they're minor, Lord Jesus, to what I heard her this morning of this sister Margie, Lord God, that she's struggling with her health, Lord Jesus, and that float on her body and stuff, Lord God, that she I'm pretty sure she's calling upon your name. I ask you Lord God that you help her Lord God and this other family Lord Jesus that there have put a request Lord God upon their addiction and things like that that the devil can drive a human into it Lord God I ask you Lord Jesus that somehow Lord God you open an avenue Lord God that they can look up to you Father that they can know there is hope in your word Lord Jesus there's deliverance Lord Jesus and there's power to be obtained Lord God may you help that family Lord Jesus Jesus, may they feel that pull to look to you, Father. And this morning, whatever is being read, whatever is being seen. I ask you, Lord God, that you anoint the the Sunday school teacher, the the musicians, Lord God, and when that comes to the preaching of the word, Lord God, that we might be attentive, Lord Jesus, to hear what you have for us this morning, Lord God. May you release the pressure of any person that is on this building, Lord God, that they just forget about their life's travel, Lord Jesus, and they just enjoy in your presence, Lord God, that they can raise their hands. They can praise you, Lord God, knowing that you're a good father. I pray that you be on the rest of the service, Father, and this service and the service in the afternoon, Lord God. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray, Father. Amen. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Brother Austin, go ahead. Bible reading. Uh we're going to read from Psalms 103. And while you're turning there, I'm going to give a little testimony. Uh it'll piggy back off the uh testimony I gave the other night. One of the needs that I wrote on that piece of paper was that uh God would heal my knees because I'm 30 years old and I can't even keep up with John on the basketball court. You know, I'm like, man, I should be able to do whatever I want at 30. Um, but even riding a bike or it even got to the point where I'd sit like uh criss-cross applesauce on the floor, bend my right knee up, and that's the knee I had ACL surgery on a few years ago, and it would just like pop out of place. I couldn't feel the pain whenever it was whenever I was sitting. you know, with my knee bent, but whenever I go to straighten it out, it was like excruciating pain until I can get it to pop back into place. But anyway, me and Serenity went camping uh the end of May for our anniversary. And I was riding I was riding bikes with her and the girls and she's like, "How's your knees feeling?" And I'm like, "I didn't even like I didn't even think about it. There was no pain whatsoever." Um, and then since then I've sat in the floor, you know, with my knee bent up and it hasn't popped out and caused me zero pain. So, I just want to thank the Lord for that. [Applause] Uh, so Psalms 103, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. who forgiveth all thine iniquities and health all thy diseases. Who satisfies thy mouth with good things, show so shalt thy youth be renewed like the eagles. He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel. He will not always chide, neither will he keep his anger forever. For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. Like as a father pityth his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear him. As for man, his days are as grass as a flower of the field, so he flourish. But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children. The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all. Bless ye the Lord, all ye his host, ye ministers of his that do his pleasure. Bless the Lord, all his earth. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Amen. I thought about doing something, but I'm not going to. We'll just turn it over to brother David. Amen. How many's looking to worship the Lord? Amen. Let's just worship the Lord in the depth of our heart. Songs that are sung. Songs that are sung. Amen. Just Amen. Think about the words that you're singing and sing it to him this morning. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. You love him with all your heart this morning. He's an awesome God. Amen. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice this morning. I love you, Lord, and I live my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, my King. Yes. In what you hear, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Once again to him this morning. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship [Music] you. Oh my soul, rejoice. [Music] Make joy my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. Let's sing that again if we could this morning. How great, oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. Oh yes, how great is our God. The splendor of a king. Oh, the splendor of a king. Oh, he's clothed in magnesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wrapped us in light and darkness in eyes to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and oh see how great how great is our God. Age to age and age to age he stands and time is in his hand. Beginning and the end and the end. Oh, the Godhead and three in one. The father, spirit, son, the lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Amen. He's a name of all names. Oh, he's a name above all names. Oh, he is worthy of our praise. Yes. My heart will sing. How great is our God. [Music] Oh, and he's a name above all names. Oh, he is worthy of our praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God? You believe he's great. Let's just sing it with our voices. How great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. All together. Oh, he's a name above all names. Oh yes. Oh, he is worthy of our praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is he once again this morning. Oh yes. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great [Music] is our God. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. We praise your name. Oh yes, we love you this morning. And Amen. You know, I I'm going to give the devil a black eye this morning. I stood back there Wednesday night after brother Brad preached and I'd hurt my elbow and I put a gash in it about that wide and about that deep and it bled and and it hit the funny bone and I told brother Brad I said I don't know where they got funny bone at because there's nothing funny about it. I was in so much pain I couldn't even do this. My granddaughter helped me Wednesday at work and we come to church and I stood back there and the devil said, 'Oh, you if you just believe, you'll get healed. And I said, 'I know I'll get healed. And I want to come up here and I thought, Lord, I'm going to go up there and I'm going to do what the Bible says. The believers will lay their hands on the sick and they're not going to rec. No, they shall recover. So this morning, so Thursday, I go to the chiropractor from my back and he gets a hold of this hand and he's doing this and I told him, I said, "Dr. Brad, you couldn't have done that yesterday without me crying." He said, "Why?" And I told him what I did. He said, "Really?" I said, "But you know who took care of me?" I said, "I went to Dr. Jesus and he took care of it all." Amen. Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. On Christ the solid rock I stand this morning. That's where we stand this morning. Well, my hope is built on. Nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but I holy lean on Jesus name. Well, on Christ the solid rock I stand, all other ground is sinking sand. Oh, all other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems rest on his unchanging grace in I am my anchor holds within the on Christ the solid rock I stand all other ground is sinking. ing sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath is covered that his blood support me in the flood. All around my soul his way. He that is all my hope and stay. Oh Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sh. And when he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I then in him be found his rightousness alone. Follow lust to stand me for. Oh yes Lord. Oh on Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sing. Think about that last verse again. And when he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I then in him be found, dressed in his rightuousness alone, fallless to stand before the throne. Well on Christ the sid rock I stand. All other ground sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Faultless to stand before him. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the blood this morning? Cuz I sure don't look like a faultless person, Brother Tommy. But I'm so thankful for his blood this morning. Amen. And you know, it's my heart's desires to hear him say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant." I just want my Lord to be satisfied with me this morning. I pray that's your heart's desire this morning. Amen. One glorious day, Jesus came and he made me whole. He so completely dissatisfied my soul. Yes. Now as I face life's dark stormy sea, I wonder if he is satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what he'd have it be. And when I come to that great eternity, he'll smile and say he was satisfied with me. I'm satisfied with God's great redemption plan. I'm satisfied. It's sufficient for all men. I'm satisfied with that work on Calvary. But is my Lordied with me? I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what he have it be. And when I come to that great eternity, he'll smile and say, "He is satisfied with me." Lord, give us strength. Make us whole that I may lead some alo into the fold. that I might be [Music] that you might be always satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what it have in me. And when I come to that great eternity, [Music] amen. Give him a hand of praise this morning. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings? Let's sing that. Amen. And while you're singing that, turn around and shake your neighbor's hand. And not just the one next to you, but we got plenty of room. Well, ain't God good. He's given us so many blessings. Undeserving. God bless you, my friend. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. once again. Well, ain't God good? Oh yes, he's given us so many blessings unerveing. That's what we are. Oh yes, we ought to thank him. Praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. Can we sing it to him again? Well, ain't God good? Oh yes, he's given us so many blessings. Undeserved. Yes, that's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning and I apologize for keeping you up so long, but Amen. Just don't you love the presence of the Lord? And Amen. You know, when uh I I'm not trying to compare this to a baseball game, but if your team's doing great, you're not sitting down. You get up and you know them people, some of them are in pretty bad shape, and you know what I mean. But boy, if your main guy hits a home run or the worst person on the team hits one, they don't care. They'll run and they'll high-five you and they'll say, "Ain't that great?" But I want to tell you, ain't God great this morning? He's an awesome God this morning. Amen. And and I just I'll just tell you, he's an awesome God. And he's here in prayer. And we've been having prayer for a young lady. Her name is Ocean Moore. And and I was telling the brothers back in the prayer room, my daughter seen her Friday and she said, "Dad, she's doing a lot better. She's doing really good." And you know, and I got to thinking about that. And I've got a granddaughter that's 15. Fixing to be. No, it's today, isn't it? Yeah. Mattiey's birthday. She's 15 today. I thought, Lord, thank you for keeping your hand upon my children and my grandchildren because the enemy wants to destroy not just me, but you and everybody else. So, I told her we'd keep praying. Brother Caleb Ber and Brother Daniel and Brother Michael John, we'd keep praying for them. And so, she sent me two more prayer requests, my daughter did. And uh she said, "Dad, could y'all pray for these people? They uh they have they're going to have to have they have tumors in their head and uh they're friends of hers and one of them's name is uh Mary Sergeant and the other one's name is Freda Patton and I said yeah we'll we'll take we'll just pray for them too and uh we just serve an awesome God this morning and uh sister Lisa May is she got sick coming back from camp so that she desires prayer they're not here this morning. Want to remember them in prayer this morning. And also like we said, Sister Parish and Sister Peggy are shutins this morning. We just pray that God will be with them this morning. And we have, you know, we're just trusting the Lord for Sister Sherry and for Sister Janette. I prayed this morning. I said, "Lord, you know what she needs. You made them lungs the first time. You can make them again. I believe that. Don't you? Amen. So, we're just going to keep trusting and believing because we've been taught, what's that song say? Only believe. All things are possible. Let's sing that one little chorus before we pray. Oh, believe. Holy believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] All things are possible only. The reason that is for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Jesus is here. and all things are possible. Jesus is brother Caleb Ber, would you pray over the needs this morning? [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning and we sorry we didn't welcome those that are streaming this morning and are is it Roslin? Is that how you pronounce it? Did I do it right? Raisin. Okay. God bless you, buddy. It's glad to have you here with us this morning. And let's sing that little chorus. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. As sister Sherry comes to sing this morning. Well, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Well, he's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh, he is saving me. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. [Music] You say I'm not able. I'm too young or I'm too old. And I can't sing or teach. And no title do I hold. Lord, what can I do? For I want to do my part and I want to help the hurting with all of my heart. I can pray until the walls come down. until there's healing all around. That's something I can do. I can pray in my secret place. Calling on your name. That's something I can do. I can pray. My friends show no interest. My friends have gone too far. Though I try my best to reach them. Their hearts just seem so hard. Lord, what can I do to bring them back to you? For my friends are lost and dying and my words cannot get through. I can pray until the walls come down. Until there's healing all around. That's something I can do. I can pray in my secret place. calling on your name. That's something I can do. I can pray until the walls come down. Until there's healing all around. That's something I can do. I can pray in my secret place. calling on your name. That's something I can do. I can pray. You can pray. We can pray. Will you pray? [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. That's one thing we can all do. Isn't that right? Praise the Lord. Well, I'm fired up. How about y'all? Amen. Amen. I'm ready to hear the word of God. But let's do birthdays and anniversaries first. Amen. Everybody that has a birthday, if you want to come up, we always do this. Amen. Caroline. All right. 17 almost, huh? or is 17. All right. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. May you be all Jesus dear every day of the year. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you and the best one you ever had. Happy birthday, y'all. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. How about anniversaries? Did anybody get married in the hot month of July? No. It is too hot. All right. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Ain't God good? Amen. Good to have the Powels with us this morning. Amen. Amen. Looking forward to hear your son preach. Amen. I am too. I'm looking forward to it. Amen. He's got about a year-long series. So, Amen. Praise the Lord. We certainly look forward to it. It's It's a glorious Amen. Let's stand and change the order of service. Amen. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings? Let's sing that as he comes out. Well, ain't God good? Give us so many blessings undeserved. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him Lord today and a whole lot more above. We got good to give us so many blessings and major. That's what we ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, God. Give my soul back. [Music] That's what we are. We're all I love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. It's uh certainly an honor and pleasure to be here. And how many's happy to be here this morning? You know, there's a lot of places that you could go or you could be. You could be at the lake. You could be at a ball field. You could be on a golf course. You could be at a restaurant. But you chose to be here. Amen. I mean, my goodness, you could have stayed home, but you chose to stay here. You made a choice this morning. You something something pulled you, Sister Adriana. Something pulled you, there's an inside to that, but she knows what I'm talking about. There's something pulling, Brother Tommy. Something pulls us to be here. We don't want to be at a ballpark on a Sunday morning. We want to be right here. Something's pulling at us. Something's speaking to us. Something's pulling us. And it's not by chance that we're sitting here this morning. But I do want you to know this. Every chance you've got to be here, there's an opportunity for you. There's an opportunity for you in the house of God. Because if you're here, it's not by chance. God is speaking. So pull up a chair this morning. See what God's got to say to you. Pull up a chair and have a personal interview. That's the good thing about God is you can just pull up in here and you can sit down and have a personal one onone interview with God this morning with the greatest author, songwriter, poet, architect. And and whatever question you may have on your mind this morning, he's got the answer. I didn't say it' be the answer you want, right? You may not get it today. That's right. But he's got the answer. You say, "You sure say that a lot. You sure you repeat that a lot. Do you really do you really mean that? That he's that good? I mean it with all my heart." And every day it gets sweeter and sweeter and sweeter as a day goes by. As I dig into the word, I see more and more of what God is doing for me. How he's speaking to me in my family, my home, your life. I see things happening here. And brother Ber, we talking about it. the things that God is doing. He's moving on the scene for his people in this hour. So, yes, I believe it with all my heart. How many believes that this morning? So, I'm happy you chose to be here this morning. And and it's exciting. I'm excited. So, why don't you just, you know, take this time, look at your neighbor, and say, "I'm excited to be here, and I'm glad you're here. Well, that that was pretty good. Now, you ought to do it with a smile. You know, when you smile, I I I I I kind of wrote this out or I I wrote it out, got it off the internet. You know, when you smile, something changes about you. When you smile, you focus on uh uh details in in your life. When you smile, your brain releases feel-good chemicals. When you smile, you have endorphins released. When you smile, your stress levels go down. When you smile, your blood pressure goes down. Now, look at somebody and smile at them and say, "I'm glad to have you here." Yeah. Now, that's better. That's better. Praise the Lord. God is certainly good to us. So, I want to go on into our part two of our series and we we're going to try not to hold you too long since we got two services and we'll just break it up. And I told Joyce, I said, I think maybe I might just see if we can just have one big long twohour service and eat dinner and go home. But then I thought, no, we're just going to break it up. So, uh break it up. Give me a little little time to to recuperate there. So, uh, we're going to continue on our thought, uh, this morning on down through the ages. This will be part two. And the subtitle would be the big reveal. The big reveal. So, and if you would turn in your book, uh, your Bible to the book of Revelation, chapter 1. Good to see everybody out this morning. While you're standing, we're going to read the word. And, you know, you little things we find out in the message here. And and I know there's times that you you can't stand physically or this that or the other, but you know, the the prophet told us the little things. You know, we always wonder why do we stand? Well, he says, well, we stand to read his word from the uh and the reason we stand is because uh what it is is we're representing God. We're acknowledging who God is. And because in the beginning, the word was God. The word was with God. The word was God. and the word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. And listen to what he says here. He says, "Therefore, when we read his printed self, that puts it in perspective. When we read his printed self here on the pages, on the word, we stand." And he said, you know, and it made sense when he said it to me this way. We stand for the pledge of allegiance to the flag. We stand for when the flag passes by and honor the flag for our nation. then how much more should we stand when we read the word of God? And so when thinking about that, I thought, you know, sometimes people they don't want to praise, they don't want to stand, they don't want to, you know, they're they're to this to that or whatever. But let me tell you what if I were to sit here and I said, let's all stand for the pledge of allegiance. You wouldn't be caught sitting in your seat. So, we're going to take this time and we honor and re with reverence we read the word of God. So, in Revelations chapter 1, we'll we'll start right there and pick up kind of where we did last time. The revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servant things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John, who bare record of what? The word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Now watch. Blessed is he that readeth, and hear the words of this what? Prophecy. and keep those things which are written therein, for the time is at hand. Let's just take a moment to speak to the author of the word this morning and pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you with grateful hearts, thankful, Lord, for all that you've done for us. Thankful for the opportunity to come and and hear once again from you and as you break the bread of life, Lord Jesus. And we take it with such sincerity and humbleness this morning, Lord. And we just ask that you would just come and minister to our heart's needs and show us who we are in this hour and what what your plans are for us in this hour. And we as we take and we break open this little book in in the Bible, Lord, that that seems to comp be so complex and confound those who who've studied it out, but in simplicity, you've brought it to us in a way that we can understand it and see who we are. We thank you for that. So, break the bread of life we ask now in your precious name. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated this morning. So, getting into this Revelations chapter 1 and and if you don't have your church age book, that's fine. We're going to we're going to we're just we're just breaking into the first three or four pages right now. And so, like brother Ber said, we could go for uh many years if if we chose to. uh and was led to on this little book here. But brother Tommy's got books on the way for for those who need a book, you just get with him and he will set you one aside. So uh in the weeks to come or at future future services uh whenever they may be if the Lord leads, we'll break into those other chapters in the book. So but looking at this and reading this first few chapters, these first three verses in this first chapter, it's obvious as we look at this that this is not a history book. The book of Revelation is not a history book. It's not a story of past tense, but it is a story that that it's a book that is going to lay out the entire plan for God in a future group that in the last days right before the rapture takes place. It's going to take and it's going to take and it's going to bless the bride of Jesus Christ. That is who this book is for. It's for the blessings of Jesus Christ. That's what it says. Blessed is he that readth. Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John did not read this book. Moses, Noah, all those guys did not read this book. But this is a book for the last day group of people that will hear the word of God. And so God is laying out his plan for this future group. And that the the words would then be prophecy. The book is a book of prophecy. So we have to keep that in our minds as we look at that. And as the prophet begins to introduce this most mysterious book to the to the group in this last age to the church or he later said I no longer call you church I call you bride. He began to introduce this book this book of revelations and this book as we said last time has confounded it has perplexed it has confused man after man after man because they cannot figure out what this book is trying to say. And so down through the ages, it's been twisted and misrepresented. But he then brings it out as the messenger in the last church age to a group of people who will then hear the word and hear the message for the hour that they are living in. Not a day of Calvary. That message was for us too. But this is the hour that we're living in. And so he brings it out in such a way that it is in God in simplicity. Yeah. And as I begin to look at this and I begin to think about all the messages that were preached over time down through time that the prophet preached, all of those messages begin to intertwine and line up right here. Are you with me? And so I begin to look at this and it makes it come down in such a way that we can see it. Yeah. Sister and I was talking the other day and she said, "Isn't it amazing? It amazes me." She said, "How that we can see this and others cannot see it. They can't comprehend it. They can't grasp a hold of it. But what is it?" We can see it. We can see it so easily. Why? Because it's God's playbook that you are in. It's easy to see when your name is in the book. It's easy to see when you look at it and you know that you believe it and there's nothing that there is to question about. There's no question. You hear it, you see it, you take it in, you believe it. You don't make yourself believe it. And you can try and try and try to force feed it to some people. and they can't see it. They can't take it in. You ever tried to feed a baby green peas that don't want green peas? You fix to get spit on. [Music] And the word, the word is such such simplicity and it's good for them and it's nutritious and if they could just take it in, they could see. But it's not for them. They cannot digest it. And he begins to tell us in this book here, he talks about the scribe, John. He says the the scribe, not the author. And it's important that we realize that and know that he says it's the scribe, not the author, the St. John divine. He said historians uh believe that he lived out most of his life in Ephesus. But when this was written, it was given to him on the aisle of Patmas. Now, where do where do where do people get confused and confounded about on this? It's sometimes it's because in the place that they see the story and the life that John had to live. John was placed in exile on the aisle of Patmas. He was placed out there and pushed out there because he preached the word. He lived the life of Christ. He began to tell people what Christ was going to do. He began to tell people with authority what Christ did in the day. So they didn't like it and they pushed him out on this exile. So the theologians want to say, man, this is all about John. This book is not about John. John did have an experience in Revelations and he was instructed, write down what I tell you and take it to the seven churches in Asia. But it's not about the life of John. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. He says, "And the future church ages." You look at these church ages on this on this on this wall here. You know, all that was after Jesus. Did you ever think about it? We think when we look at this and we think this is the life of Jesus Christ. We have to have this, this, and this, and this. And we do. Don't misunderstand me, but all of this happened after Jesus had left the scene. This is after he's gone to prepare a place. Oh, thank God. He's preparing a place. He's gone to prepare a place. And this is this right here is the steps for the believer in this day. This is not Noah. This is not Moses. This is you. This is I. This book is termed the revelation of St. John. He says, "But that's incorrect. The revelation of Jesus Christ is given to John for Christians of the ages. Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamus, Thitara, Sardius, Philadelphia, Leota. That's what this book of Revelations was for. It wasn't to tell us it was going to come a flood. It was to tell us he's coming for a bride. You say, "Man, I wish I could have been in Noah's day." This is the greatest day we're talking about. When he splits the sky back open and he comes down and he says, "Come away. Come away, my love. That is the greatest day that you'll ever see in the in in the outpour of history of humankind is when he says come away. And I want you to realize that as as the prophet's talking, he says this is the only book in the entire Bible that was written by Jesus himself. 66 books over 40 years span. 1600 years, 40 different authors, 1600 year span. And this is when Jesus speaks. The rest of it is accounts of his life. The rest of it is account of history. Yeah, we can look at the Bible. We can say there is a ton of history in this book. But there's also a road map. There's also a modernday GPS in it built in this book right here. And it tells you where you're going or where you're not going. It tells you how you're going to get there and if you're not going to get there. You see, we've been we we we see this and and we think all through the Bible. We hear all of these great stories in action. And man, we love them. We preach them. We get inspired by them. We hear all these great stories of in the Bible. We hear about the creation in the beginning. And we hear about how God has come and he he moved onto the scene and he placed this and he placed that. And the prophet says he done this and he done that and he put this tree over here and that tree over there. And he says it just amazing when he says and he blew the stars out of the palm of his hand. And you love to hear those stories and they inspire us. And we see the fall in the garden. We see redemption. We see the redemption of mankind take place down through history. And all these begin to tie into our lives. We see the calling out of God's people out of Egypt. Come out of her. Do you see how it just keeps funneling down? Come out of her. When people were bound and and and constricted by denominational systems, denominational systems of man, do it this way, do it that way. Let me tell you, denominational systems of man will not get you in a rapture. You can clean it up all you want. You can look as holy as you want. Don't do this because Don't wear this because wear this because let me tell you, I've seen a group of young ladies, this ain't in my notes, so somebody's somebody's pulling on us. They were dressed to the tea according to their system. Their transportation was correct according to their system. Yeah, boy. They looked apart. Holy, holy, holy. But they were passing a cigarette around to each other at a dollar general store at an open. No shame, no regret, but the system looked good. their man-made system looked good. I'm not talking about a man-made system. I'm talking about a life lived for Jesus Christ. A life that says, "I don't do that because I love him too much. I don't want to hurt him. I don't want to embarrass him. I don't want to shame him." I looked at those girls, I thought, "What a shame it is. What an embarrassment you are to your community. And we see these stories of David and Daniel and the three Hebrew children. There's Samson who builds who's built up and lifted up. And we see Shamgar and Ruth and Esther. And I love to preach those. But when Jesus comes on the scene, there's Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. And what do they do? They begin to get out their pencil and they write. Oh, look at what Jesus did. Look at Jesus. Look what he's done. Here we are. We saw a leper coming down the road. And as he approached Jesus, we were all afraid. But then Jesus stepped onto the scene. Come. There was a paralytic man that was let down through the roof. hadn't walked since he was a child from his childhood. Come blinded eyes were open, deaf ears unplugged, dead, raised. There was a little girl laying there, laying there in in the bedroom, dead as could be. And he says, "Everybody just step out of the room and give me just a minute." He's in the house. He's in the house. What was it? It was God moving on the scene in the hour where he was called to be. But now things have changed. You say, "Is he not still on the scene?" Absolutely. He's still on the scene. He's on the scene today greater today than he ever was in his earthly ministry. More things have happened in this hour than would ever happen in the earthly ministry of Jesus Christ. But he's come and he's delivered and now he's gone for a season. He finished out his earthly ministry. And we look at this and the prophet says it this way. He says it is the last book of the Bible yet it tells the beginning. He's not talking about the garden. He's not talking about the Garden of Eden. He's not talking about that. He's not talking about that beginning. He's talking about the beginning of the gentile bride. Y'all awful quiet. Did y'all read ahead? It's the end of the dispensation of the gospels, but it's the beginning of the gentile bride's dispensation. Who you are. You need a scripture, don't you? John 14:3 says it this way. Let not your heart be troubled. Ye believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, then I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. And he goes on and Thomas begins to ask him and question and well how do we know Lord? How will we know? How will we know this? How will we know that? How will we know when the time has come? And Jesus looks at him and he says how do you know what? How do we know which way to turn, Lord? To what other way would you turn? Have I been before you this long? And let me stress you now that you should know that I am the way. I am the truth and I am the life. Brothers and sisters, this book of Revelation is Jesus revealing himself to the world. When you look at the word of of revelation, when you look at that word, it means apocalypse, which means unveiling. So now Jesus is unveiling himself to his people. He's unveiling himself to you and I. You say, "Well, I I can't see him. He's not here. I wasn't there when he was on the so shores of Galilee. I wasn't there when he was." But he's here. He's here and he's revealing himself on the inside. And he's sharing himself with you today. He's in this unveiling process and he's letting the world know that there's more to the story than a hill called Calvary. You remember I told you that some denominations will say the Baptist, the Methodists, the press, they want to stop right there at Calvary and they put him on a hill called Calvary, get all their sins removed and go on living whichever way they want. That's not all of them. It's not all of them, but it's a lot. I witnessed it. You witnessed it. Somewhere there has to be a change to take place. It's more than just an experience on a cross, but it's a change on the inside that won't let me do those things anymore. And he's telling us as he begins to peel the layers back, this is not the end of my story. We got him off in a far away pl place. Jesus in a far far far away land. It's not the end of my story. My story don't end there. My story is just beginning. The greater work that I'm going to do is when I go down and I go find myself a gentile bride in this wicked evil age. Somebody that will love me greater than my Jewish people. Come on, church. They're the ones that put him on the cross. They're the ones that crucified him. They're the ones that call crucify him. Give us Barabus. But he says, I love this Gentile group of people so much because they don't know all the ins and outs. They don't know all the doctrines of Judaism. They don't know how to speak Hebrew. They don't know all the customs. But one thing I know is they they know me. When I reveal myself to them, they know me in a way greater than any other has ever known me. [Applause] So, you are the story this morning. Like I said, you're not sitting here because of happen stance. It's not by chance that you're sitting here, but you're sitting here this morning because there's a part of the story that has your name in it. Jesus says, "I want to share myself with you. I want to give you something like you've never had before." Did you ever feel any better than the day that Jesus came into your heart? No. Why was that? because he gave a portion of himself to you. He began to pour himself into you and he wrote your name in the love letter. Can't you see this morning that the letter that God wrote is a love letter addressed to you? Amen. Think of it this way. On the cross, he saved you. On the cross, he saved you. He healed you. He delivered you. He set you free. That's what he was doing right there. He was a God in action. He was he was putting himself on the cross and said, "I'm going to do this for the entire world." But on the day of Pentecost, he said, "Now I've saved you. Now I'm going to fill you. Now I'm going to let you do the greater work. Now I'm going to put you in place. Now I'm going to make you the bride. And now today in the book of Revelations, what's he doing? He's preparing you." Can you see that he's preparing? He's preparing the bride in this hour. He's giving you word upon word. Line upon line, jot upon jot, and he's sharing himself over and over and over. The mystery of God revealed, the seven church ages, the seals, the statue of a perfect man. C O D. That's conduct, order, and doctrine. In case you don't know, that's cood. And he is, what is he doing? He's preparing you as a bride adorned for her husband. We look at this bride adorned for her husband. We see it in in Revelations chapter 21. It talks about a new Jerusalem. It's talking about a city. It's talking about a new Jerusalem. And she's described as what? As a bride prepared for her husband. this city. What is what's taking place here? This is this image is depicting this city that is meticulously prepared that is beautifully dressed has been taken care of and getting ready for a special group of people. So, you mean to tell me that God is away working on a city? He's working on a city as he's working on a vessel. There's going to be a group of people. There's going to be a vessel that's going to step into that city. And they're going to be in such union and such a connection is going to take place. Why? Because just like he's meticulously and beautifully working on that city, he's meticulously and beautifully working on each and every one of us. And he's chipping away our faults, he's chipping away our failures. He's calling you to a new life. We see here in this book of Revelations, this bride, I want you to notice what happens here. We'll go over a few of the customs in Jewish Jewish brides or weddings. This bride here, this bride here, she goes and she bathes herself in running water once she's been been betrothed. She goes and she bathes herself in a stream of living running water. You say, "Why does she do that?" It's not because she's dirty. It's not because she's polluted. But she's doing it as a simple and as a token that the streams of living water flow through me. I've lived a life pure. I've lived a life faithful. I've lived a life trustworthy. She's letting her future husband know, "Yeah, I'm faithful." So, here now we see this bride of Christ and in anticipation, an anticipation of the glory that's been bestowed upon him by Christ Almighty. And we see them sitting here and they begin to look and and and we living in our lives have to find ourselves in the stream of living waters where there is no pollution where there is no corruption. Where is that? How do I find it? I'll tell you. It's right here. Find it. And you find yourself under those streams of living water where you can look up and say, "God, I have prepared myself. I've kept myself. I've lived as holy as I know to live. I've turned away from the things of the world. I don't have any eyes for nobody but you." [Applause] You see, we look at this here and this bride is adorned for her husband. It's symbolizing that relationship between God and his people, the church, the bride. We look at ancient Jewish culture here and we look at some of these wedding culture uh customary procedures. First thing would happen, the groom's father would go and choose a bride for his son. You know, me and Brother Joe got accused of that. We got accused of matchmaking. You say, "Well, did you?" Not really, but it was a match made somewhere. in heaven. But the the groom's father goes out and he begins to choose a bride for his son. Either he does it or he sends out a messenger. Aren't you thankful for a messenger? Sends out this messenger to go out and search and find somebody that would be worthy for his son to have or somebody that would be worthy to to wed his son. And so this bride's father uh she begins to go and the bride's father then agrees to this marriage. Now watch what the next step is. They have to come to terms on payment. Let me tell you, weddings don't come cheap. Your wedding didn't come cheap either. They have to come to terms on a price and it's called it's it's called the bride price. You see, there was a price paid for you to become a bride. There was a price paid for you on Calvary. There was a price paid that when the blood was shed that says you're healed, you're delivered. You're free. That price was paid. It was called the bride price. And it was the Lord Jesus Christ that paid that price for you and for me. Weddings don't come cheap. You can't put a price tag on that wedding. [Music] A city prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. You cannot put a price on that city. You can't put a price on that house. You can't put a price on that union. Yeah, it's priceless. And he said, I want you to watch what he says. Abraham, watch this now, was determined that he did not want his son to marry an unbeliever. We might have to preach here for a minute because the next thing he says, he said that would be a good decision for Christians today. Amen. Can you imagine the the the how the home would be torn this way and that way? One wants to serve God and one wants to serve mammon. One is in love with the Lord and one loves the devil. And so now he he says that would be a good decision for Christians today who are sons and daughters of Abraham who make the same decision about their children. So did I arrange a marriage? No. But did I pray for the right one? Yes. Did I pray for the right one? And God after 20 years you pray for your children. God after 20 years of me and Brother Joe never being in contact brings him up here. Now, some of you, if you watched the wedding or the sermon, I don't know if you heard it, but I gave a little bit about this speech, but it it's what God has done. And this ain't in my notes, so this is free for you. We begin to pray. Won come to us. They said, "Mom and dad, I just want what y'all got. I want somebody that'll sit on the back porch with me. I want somebody that'll love the Lord with me. I want somebody that'll drink coffee with me in the mornings. Well, I'll tell you what, they love coffee. I'm thankful they love the Lord more than coffee. And we begin to pray. His mother and I, we begin to pray. We can say, "God, send him. Send somebody his way. Send him his soulmate. Send him somebody that he can love unconditionally. And they will love him unconditionally. How long y'all been married now? You still love each other unconditionally? I'll ask you again in 10 years. But after 20 years, God sends somebody up here and says, "Hey, it's been 20 years since we've seen each other, hasn't it?" Yeah, it has. Right at 20 years, they were just pups. I said, "How old's your oldest?" He told me, "She dating anybody?" "No, waiting for the right one." I said, "What about him?" He said, "Who's that?" "Your boy." Yep. He said, "Come here." He said, "Come here." He said, "What's his name?" I said, "Weston." He said, "What do you think about this this picture? This is this is matches matchmaking at its finest right here." He said, "She's pretty." He said, "You want to get married?" Both of us about choked on that one. I said, "Hold up here. They ain't even met yet. and he said someday. So time goes on and we begin to they not we they or Weston begins to plan out how can we go down there. It just so happened God had some meetings in place. All visitors are welcome. Why am I going down this road? I don't know. But God has a plan. God has an action. We go down there for church and for him to meet this girl. Bless her heart. I felt so sorry for her. We pulled up in the driveway and sat in the living room and she just had knee surgery. She's as out of it as who can imagine. She walks through the room. Hey, and gone. I said, "This ain't working out. This ain't going as planned." But God has a plan. So, long story short, things happen over the next few days and and and this happens and that happens. And Adriana's an instigator, if you can believe that. And she instigates and things begin to click and words begin to exchange and time goes on and I I promise I didn't have y'all in my sermon. I And time goes on and words exchange. Let's put that on the side for a minute. When the husband sends out for this bride, he brings her back. The fathers then get together and they all begin to talk. The fathers and the mothers and and they begin to talk and they see how this is going to work. And then the then he pays the price. He pays the price for this beautiful young lady. There was no money exchanged in this deal. Okay. But this is Jewish customs. They pay he pays the price and then they do what they call is a cuba and then what it is it is a marriage contract and it's a an agreement signifying that they agree to marry and they've written it in a covenant. Are you with me? There's been a price paid. There's been a covenant made. And that covenant says, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world. There was a covenant made when the price was paid, brothers and sisters. And so, here they come. Now, they're betrothed. They're betrothed. And unlike today's ceremonies where you can just, I don't want this one, and kick her to the side. I don't want him. I I'm going to go my separate way. I like this guy, but that's not the way it worked. No. Only only the groom's father could find the marriage unworthy based upon what he found out on her. Are you with me? Do you see why it's so important that we live so close? Last sermon I said 164th of an inch. Those who wasn't here, you don't know what I'm talking about. 164th of an inch. Joy said, she asked me later, she said, "Honey, it's going to be hard for us to make it." When you said 164th, she said, "We got to, you know, we got to live tightened up." Are you with me, church? There's no room for error. Yeah, but a covenant's been made and that covenant was made there. So now they're sitting here together. They drank the wine. They signed the contract. The groom returns to his father's house. And watch what he does now. He goes to building. He goes to his father's house and he builds an addition onto his father's house. Why? Because he's going to bring this little bride home. In my father's house are many mansions. And so he begins to build and he begins and he builds and he's put getting this place prepared for this bride to come down to. And as he's building, this may take six months. It may take it nine months. It may take a year. It may take two years. But he's building. Let me tell you, you ain't going to get there in one day. That's why we have to have grace for one another. That's why we have to be able to be longsuffering with one another. That's why it's thank you. Be thankful you've got a long-suffering pastor. Come on, church. Put your angel wings up. Amen. Because if he called us out every time he knew something, there wouldn't be a may not be nothing but pews in here. But the longsuffering of God, it's patient. It's kind. It's meek. It's gentle. But he also won't tolerate rebellion. What is iniquity? Knowing to do better, knowing to do right and doing wrong. So now he's built up this house. He's building up a building up a cone, building up a kingdom, building up a a place where there's going to be a heavenly union take place. Ain't it amazing how the spirit and the bride say come. Come, Lord. Spirit and the bride, they both say the same thing. Come, come. I'm ready. I'm coming. I'm coming to get you, my love. So now this bride is sitting here and she's waiting expectantly for this bridegroom to come onto the scene. How many's waiting expectantly? You know, if you go through every day and you ain't expecting, you probably ain't going to get nothing. If you go to work and and you say, "Well, I don't expect to get paid this week." You probably ain't going to get paid. If you tell your boss that, "I don't expect you to pay me." You just cut your throat. Poor Carson. He's going to get to be picked on now. He works for us and does stuff around and I tell him, "I give you I give you this much for this and this much for that." Well, if I if I wait one day or something, he said, "When do you think you're going to be able to get me my money? You get your money. You get your money." Well, I worked for it. Yes, you did. You'll get your money. Does anybody like to work not get paid? Now, I don't see any hands here. But you expect it when you go when you go to the job on on day one, you expect to get paid. Come the end of the week on Friday, you expect a paycheck. When I go through living through my life and I've got problems in my life, I expect God to deliver because I expect him to move on the scene. I expect him to answer my prayers. I expect him to move in my children. I expect him to move on the job. I expect him to pay my bills. I can't pay him. That's exactly right. I expect him to with expectations. He delivers on the scene over and over and over. And she here here she is. She's expecting. But what the thing is, she don't know when he's going to arrive. Nobody knows the day, the hour, the time. But you know what she did during this whole time of expectation when she's wondering when's it going to come? When's he going to come? She's living the life. She's still getting ready. She's preparing herself. She's got a wedding garment that she's been working on. She's going to present herself before a whole entire world as the bride of the bridegroom. No matter if he comes today, tomorrow, two years, 10 years. Somebody asked me one day said, "Well, don't you find it hard to just live the way that you ought to live like a Christian? Don't you find it hard not knowing when he's coming?" No. I I don't know if he's coming tomorrow, tonight. I just want to be ready. So, I'm going to live every day as if he's coming tomorrow. while he's gone off and he's building a house. He's gone off now and he's building a house and he's getting things prepared. She's saving herself. This is part of the agreement. This is part of the price has been paid. You won't be out running around. You won't be out looking for other men. You won't be out looking for a better way. There is no better way. If you if you're sitting here and you think, man, there has to be a better way because this person that I know, they go to church and they can do this and they can do that. That's not a better way. How can they do this? How can How come they can do this and I can't? They're not following the way, the truth, the life. You see, when it boils down to it, it's honing down. We all want to go. We all want to make it. And I'm not saying you won't make it, but are you going to go in a rapture? There's the question. And I hope I'm not talking to anybody in this building. But I hope you're living so close that there's no question. But if you're dibbled, diddly and dallying and dabbling around in things of the world, don't be heartbroken when you have to answer. You say, "Well, that's hard. How can you say that?" Because it's true. That goes for me. my house, brother Ber, his house. If we dillydally and dabble around in the things of the world, you can expect worldly things to happen. I heard one place while I was just listening the other day, the prophet was go there was a prayer line and he said some some young girl come up through the prayer line and she was in dire need. Her mother said, "Please, if I bring her, can you see her?" He said, "Put her in the prayer line. Bring her up through the prayer line." And he said as they stood there before God as his witness, he stood there and he said he could see through both of them and said, "How can you come ask such a request with the lifestyle you're living Why don't we first bow our heads and get right before God. Exactly. You see how the see how the circumstances change? A lot of times we want to ask, we want this, we want that, we want God to move and God, why is why is this happening in my family? Why is my kids doing this? Why is why is my family torn? Why is this? Why is my job falling apart? Why can't I do this? What kind of life are you living? Oh, you say, "Are you putting fear on us?" I'm not putting fear on you. That's just the way it is. But you know too much. Let me ask you this. How many would agree here we've been bought with a great price? And because of that great price, I'm everything that God wants me to be. So why would I look around and let my eyes wander to other things outside of Christ? This ain't in my notes, but you take a you take a person who is so bent and so determined that I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that and I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to just just say I'm going to work out till I look like a bodybuilder. Why? I'm not saying don't be healthy. What are you trying to catch? Don't get me wrong, we got people here that work out, look like bodybuilders. I'm not talking about you working out and look like a bodybuilder. But the the where the problem comes in is where when the motives and the objections, you say, "I want to look a certain way because this person looks a certain way." When women begin to turn their eyes to the women of the world and want to look like the things of the world, are you with me? You say, "Well, it would make my husband it would it would please my husband." Well, your husband probably needs to quit looking at the things of the world. You young people, you'll figure this out as you get a little older. You get married someday and you'll get married someday and that that beauty queen, she's just as beauty beautiful as she ever was, but she's bore you a couple of children. She's got scars. She don't look like she did when she was 20. Anybody hearing what I'm saying? Some of you men are awful quiet. Maybe I should be. But what is that? That's the scars. That's the That's That's the the the putting forth of an effort. That is a union that took place. Those are battle scars. Those are wounds. Those are those are things that made my young men, my young boys what they are today. The reason their mother and I gave them. I don't have to look for other things out there in the world. You don't have to look for other things out in the world. Beauty is just in the eye of the beholder. My wife's as beautiful today as she was the day I met her. [Applause] So, here's Christ. Now, I want you to watch this. Here's here's Christ. What's he doing? He's beginning to share his most intimate secrets. And we're a part of that story. You're a part of the most intimate secrets. And he begins to to reveal what the life that he expects out of his bride. how she'll be faithful, how she'll be true, how she'll be she'll stand right up on the revelation of the word. Listen, if revelation is beyond you, look up and seek God for it. I want the revelation of the word. If it's beyond you, look up and seek God for it. That's the only way you're ever going to get it. A revelation has to come from God. It never comes from human. But it's spiritual indument. You can even memorize scripture and though that's wonderful, that won't do it. It has to be a revelation from God. It has to say stay in the word that no man's can say that Jesus is the Christ except by the Holy Ghost. You have to receive the Holy Ghost and then and only then can the spirit give you revelation that Jesus Christ is the Christ, God, the anointed one. Listen to this. Now we're into quotes in the in the church age. We need to call on God for revelation more than anything else in the world. [Applause] H we've accepted the Bible. We have accepted the great truths. But still it is not real to most people because the revelation by spirit is not there. The word has not been quickened. Do you see how important it is that we have a quickening by the by the anointing of the Holy Spirit? That when you look into the word and you read the word, God brings life into that word and then you can take that life of that word and put it down inside and you begin to live the quickened life filled with the Holy Ghost. Watch what he says. He says Jesus became sin for us. The bride price was paid. He became sin for us. He says it's not that he became sinful. He didn't go out and do the sinful things of the world to say, "Oh, I can be like them." He wasn't trying to be like you. He was trying to save you. And so, he became sin that that we might have a union with him that we might become the righteousness of God. He says, "This unveiling, this unveiling talking about in the book of Revelations is perfectly described as an example of a sculpture unveiling his work of a statuary, exposing it to the onlooker." So, you see, the problem is God begins to unveil what he's got going on. And so the problem is is people they don't they don't want to look through the through the eyes of the sculptor and see what's going on. They look through the eyes of CNN, Fox News, Tik Tok, man. You Tik Tok had every city in the in the in the United States of America blowing up in a fireworks show. Did y'all Did Didn't I pop up on y'alls? I know y'all got Tik Tok. Don't act so Some of you do. I know you do. You send me Tik Toks. Na na na boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boooo I got you. But they begin to turn their eyes to these things. They begin to turn their eyes into the into the things of the world to CNN, Fox News, and and all these different uh the Roman Empire, and they begin to look at politicians, and they begin to begin to look, and they turn to these outlets to see what's going to happen next. I know what's going to happen next. I'm just waiting for it to happen. The only thing that is left to happen is what? Thank you, And all these events are beginning to take place. Well, the stock market is going to do good because Trump just signed a big beautiful bill. Praise the Lord. It's all right. I'm gonna I'm gonna enjoy it while I'm here. No taxes on tips. Yes, sir. Bring it on. You going to get more money per child? Well, mine's moving out, so where were you at, Biden, when I needed you? But they begin to turn to these things, these big beautiful bills and these big beautiful deals and everything's going to get straightened out and everything's looking good. Israel and Iran, they're now friends. No, they're not. They never will be. It's not going to happen. Why? How do you know that? How can you say that with such authority? I've read the back of the book. I've read the back of the book. If you say, "Well, it could happen. It may happen. Maybe it will. Maybe it won't." Then you're saying this ain't true. Oh, it may deceive some. It may look it may look as though, but that's just the way Satan works. That things look as though. So, brothers and sisters, what the big reveal is is God peeling back the cover. God begins to pull back the cover and he begins to tell you who you are and you who you are and you who you are and he begins to say, "This is mine. This is my bride." And he begins to Can you imagine if if you got a big picture and it's a big portrait and it's the most beautiful thing and you got a big blanket over it and then you throw that drape off and that blanket of that blanket and that picture's exposed, how proud you are. He's revealing exactly who he is. Listen to this. It's a love letter. And he says he's uncovering and revealing what was previously hidden revelation unveiling what was hidden. And he said he's uncovering it. He's he's he's revealing what was hidden. It's the true revelation of the person of Christ. Not only that, but is the revelation of his future works and his own coming to the seven church ages. And he says this Bible is a love letter. A lot of times people just read and they read and they read and they read. But it's more than just words on a paper. It's a love letter that is addressed to you. It's a love letter that you have to get in there and you have to read and you have to get in there and you get it. You don't have to have an education. Just read the letter. You know, words of love. These two over here started talking and I'm sure these two were probably very similar. Who else is a new married couple? Josh and Leah. They've been married a few years. Austin surrendered. They've been married a few years. Well, their wives ain't with them, so I don't know where the Just kidding. Just kidding. They're happily married. But at some point in that relationship, there was probably letters written. Am I right? Oh, they they they 10 shades of red over there. And I read and I I so I looked up on Google. I said, "What wh what what what is a love letter? How do you write a love letter? You write a love letter to express your feelings. You know, when you first start courting, you you just kind of get to know one another. You're talking and you don't you don't share every detail. You got got to get to know that person a little bit. Look at these two over here now. They grinning like possum. You got to kind of get to know one another. So you you test the waters and what do you think about what do you well this that but then eventually the letters begin to write and you write that and you're expressing your feelings and you begin to share specific details. Then you begin to share memories. You begin to share your emotions. You begin to share everything in this letter that is special. You begin to tell them what you admire about them. Here's some ideas and examples to inspire you. My dearest to the man who holds my heart, my love, my sweetheart. I never knew that I truly needed until the day I met you. Isn't that the truth? I never knew what I truly needed until the day I met him. You're my best friend. You're my partner. You're my everything. My love for you has no bounds and it grows every day. Do you see him pinning this to you? Is your heart fluttering? You make life more fun. Isn't that the truth, man? Well, you talking about a life without Christ, that's a miserable life. A life without Christ is full of misery. It's full of torment. It's full of pressure, stress that you can't get away from. But when he's on the scene, life's a little more fun. He makes life fun. You say, "Why are you so happy?" He makes it fun. I'm grateful to have you as my lover, my confident, and and my forever. Huh? Do you remember the first time we met? Think about this. I love the way you make me laugh. Oh, I like this one, Tommy. You like this one. The way you look at me sets me on fire deep down in my core. Tommy says, "Let's get it going. Let's fire it up." God moving in the scene. He's writing a love letter. I'm so excited to spend the rest of our lives making memories together. I want to spend every day showing you how much you truly mean to me. Can you write this? Can Can you write these words to your Lord and Savior this morning? It's a reciprocating love. With all my heart and soul, I love you more than words can say. Forever yours always and forever. Your love. You love him this morning. To reveal. It's a narrative. It's a structure. And it says to reveal is to take the story where it was once secret and previously unknown, disclosed to everybody, hidden to the audience, but now it's open for all to see. Let's stand to our feet. I've got more there, but I'm just going to stop. I feel like we've come to a good stopping point. You love the Lord. You see the importance of the revealed word of the hour? Because the more that Jesus, the more that God reveals, the closer we get to him. The closer we get to him, the sooner time is at hand. God's certainly been good to us. We'll finish up this afternoon and look at a different side of the story as well. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for this day, this beautiful day you've given us and for this time of fellowship with you and being in your presence, Lord, and just feeling the the warmth and and the love that you have for your people here today, Lord Jesus. And we just trust that something was said and something would would be inspiring to us, Lord, to encourage us that we're not a forgotten people. We're not a we're not a cast away. We're not cast aside. We're not indifferent because because of we just want to prove oursel indifferent, but we we are who we are because of the love we have for you. And you love us and you adore us and you appreciate us. And by the revealing of the word, you have shown the bride who she is. And we can see in this hour that it the work didn't stop at Calvary. The work didn't stop at the day of Pentecost. The work didn't just stop on the aisle of Patmas. But it's a continuation of the word living out through your people through down through the church ages as you prepare for a gentile bride. Lord, we just want to tell you how much we love you. We appreciate you. Thankful for calling us, Lord. A called and chosen group, a a people that you thought so much of that you went to Calvary. Thank you, Lord, for the blood that was shed. Thank you for our healing. Thank you for our deliverance. Thank you for the price being paid. And if there's somebody here this morning who says, "Lord, I've been in a place that I know there was a price paid for me, but I haven't returned the love the way I should have." And you just want to raise your hand this morning to him. If he's tugging at your heart and you just want to slip your hand up to him this morning and say, "Lord, I just want to let you know I do love you. I need your help." God bless you. Bless those hands. Bless that hand. There's something on the inside that's tugging at my heart, Lord. I know I'm one of yours. I know I've been chosen. I've been I've been placed in a position in a place for a purpose. I'm here this morning for a purpose and you've spoken to my heart. And Lord, I just want to tell you I love you. Help me, Lord, and go with me, Lord. Draw me near to you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Sing it, Brother David. [Music] Where I be. And it makes me know I love you so much more than I did. Oh, I keep falling in love with you over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him. Over and over and over and over again. When I first when I first fell in love with Jes. Oh, I gave him all of my heart. And I thought I couldn't love him more. than I did right from the start. But when I look back over the mountains and the valleys where I've been, then it makes me know I love him so much more than I did then. Oh, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Well, there's a hand that I hold on to through each valley and each trial. And there's a shoulder I can lean upon when I face another mile. And there's a love that I can depend on. Oh, it's fresh and new each day. And with love, my heart is overflowing. And this is wise. Oh, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, the love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Hallelujah. Give him a shout this morning. Say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. How many's glad that he loves you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank God for that wonderful message. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Brad just yielded himself to the Holy Spirit this morning. Amen. Sister Aaliyah, if uh you want to be prayed for, come up. And if not, we're just going to pray over the cloth that you have requested. Amen. She's requested a cloth. How many knows that in Acts 19, I was just reading it talking about how that from the many miracles were done. Amen. Through Paul's hands and also, Amen. the handkerchiefs and aprons and so forth that was got taken from Paul. Amen. And how many believes God still works through these things. Amen. So, we're going to pray for this cloth that God had just grant Sister Aaliyah. Amen. Um, and uh u that's right. Uh that they would be able to get rest and everything would go well for them. Amen. In her pregnancy and everything, she'd be able to get some rest. Amen. We're just agreed together. Amen. Ain't that right? For her's ears. Okay. All right. So, Brad, let's just lay our hands on this and ask God. Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning, Lord. And Lord, we know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Father. And our faith lays, Lord Jesus, in Halie's request, Lord Jesus, and Sister Aaliyah's request for Hie, Lord, that her ears would get better, Lord Jesus, that you would touch her ears, Lord Jesus, Father, and for any other thing that would be hindering them in their sleep or whatever it might be, Lord, but that they'd be able to get rest at night, Lord Jesus. and that this would be something that you would do, Father, as you have done so much for us here at the church, letting us know that you love us, Lord Jesus, that you care about every little detail, Father. And Lord, we just lay our hands upon this cloth now and ask in the name of Jesus Christ, God, that you would give her the desire of her heart, Father, in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Well, Amen. How many loves him this morning? I'll just sing a couple, maybe we'll go, but let's Amen. How about I love him better every day. Amen. Well, I love him better every day. Oh, I love him better every day. And close by his side, I will abide. And I love him better every day. Yes. I love him better every day. Oh, I love him better every day. [Music] Close by his side. I will abide and I love him better every day. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for those whispers of love that God whispers to you every day, letting you know how much he loves you and cares for you when you're down driving down the road or when you're working and all those special times that he just comes to you in that special way when you pray for something and you see it answered. Amen. That's him telling you he loves you and that he cares about you. He knows the fall of a sparer. He knows the number of your head hair on your head. Amen. He cares. Your heavenly father, Jesus said, your heavenly father does know that you have need of these things. He cares for you. Amen. How many glad he cares for you? Oh, he carth for you. Oh, he carth for you. [Music] Cruz. You got any more songs? You got any more songs? You good? Okay. Oh, he cares for you. Amen. Amen. Coming up here, walking up here this morning, I believe, is a miracle. Amen. In the making. My brother. Amen. That's my brother right there. Amen. I love my brother. Amen. Amen. He needs a touch from the Lord. Amen. You want one of these prayer cloths? Amen. Praise the Lord. If the deacons, elders, come gather around. We're just going to pray with my brother that Amen. that God will grant him his heart's desire. Amen. How many believes whatsoever things you desire when you ask, believe that you'll receive them and you shall have them. How many believes that? It's true. Amen. I want to encourage anybody else in here this morning. Amen. If you have a need, if you got faith to know that Jesus already paid for it on Calvary, all you got to do is come and get it. Amen. Receive it. If you can believe it, you can have it. Amen. [Music] Amen. He went to baptism of the Holy Ghost. He hadn't had the Holy Spirit. Amen. And so we just Amen. There's a long story here. Amen. But I'm here to tell you that what we're seeing is the grace of Almighty God. And and Mooney needs the grace of almighty God. Amen. And we believe that as long as he's on the throne, Amen. there's grace. Amen. For him that I was thinking that thinking wrong things also. I just need to get [Music] our hands. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning, Lord, with my brother. Father, I've got one more brother that's a Christian, Lord, that you helped us to lead to the Lord. But Mooney here, he's gotten sidetracked, Lord. The devil's taken him on the side for a while. Lord, he's followed the wrong spirit for a while and he wants to have the right spirit, Lord Jesus. He wants to have the right attitude, Lord Jesus. And we ask God as he comes to you that you'll be merciful to him, Lord Jesus, this morning, Lord, forgive him of his sins, Lord Jesus, as he has confessed them, Father, Lord, to you, Lord Jesus. And he wants to be right, God. He wants his spirit to be right and his thoughts and his motives to be right, Lord Jesus. We ask God for mercy, Lord, just now for him, God. And heal him, Lord Jesus, of this anxiety and fear and so forth that has gripped him, Lord Jesus. We ask, God, that you'll be graceful and merciful on him now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Okay, Mr. Becky. [Music] Amen. He's the same God for you as he was for David. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we come before you again, Lord. Sister Becky, Lord, she's got aches and pains, Lord, just to do her everyday work. And she believed, God, that if you can touch David on Wednesday, you can touch her just now, Lord. So we lay our hands upon her, Lord, according to your word. And we ask for your mercy and your grace to come down, Lord Jesus, and grant her her heart's desire, Father, that those pains would be gone. And that she would be limber and that she would feel young again, Lord Jesus. We believe, God, her God-given right is to be healthy, good, good health, Lord Jesus, and prosper. So we ask Lord in Jesus' name that you would touch her just now. In Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. That's right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Right. Amen. All right. Let's lay our hands on her. Father, we come Lord with our sister Jana this morning. God, that's just needing a touch from you, Lord. Father, we just ask God that she wondered these days, God, in a special way. You'll send that angel, Lord, coming down her way, Lord Jesus, that she'll feel that change happen, Lord, and she'll know that she's been touched by the master, Lord. We believe it, Lord Jesus, cuz you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Father. And we ask, God, that you would touch her body, Lord, and heal it completely, Lord Jesus. And that she'd be in perfect health, Lord. Because that's what the stripes with the cat of ninetails, the stripes that was put on your back, Lord. The blood and the ribs that showed, Father, you was wounded, Lord, for our transgression, bruised for our iniquity, the chastisement of our peace was upon you. And by the stripes that was put on your back, Chana was healed. And we claim it now, Father, and we rebuke the enemy that would try to put it on her in Jesus' name. We cast the devil out. Amen. And amen. Amen. Say, "Thank you, Jesus." Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes, brother. My son has stomach trouble that has been bothering him for the last week or so. Amen. He's been losing sleep. Lord Jesus, we come before you, Father, this morning, Lord Jesus, with my son and with your son. Lord Jesus, we ask God that you'll touch him, Lord Jesus, his stomach trouble that's been bothering him, been giving him trouble, Lord Jesus, and cause him not to be able to sleep, Father, once again, Lord, those stripes that was put on your back, Lord, when those Romans took that Catan tail, Lord, and they beat you and they striped you, Lord Jesus. Your wounds were for our healing. And we accept it, Lord Jesus. We accept the benefit of it for Micah this morning. May God you touch him in a special way. Lord Jesus, we accept your healing for him right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Enemy you have to leave that wants to bring torment and pain to my my son Micah in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Somebody say praise the Lord. God is good. Amen. Amen. Ain't God good? Amen. Why ain't God good? Give us so many blessings undeserved. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. I've been praising little more today and all I am tomorrow. Ain't God good? Give us so many blessings undeserved. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love, and praise him a little more today and a whole lot. You're dismissed if you want to go. Okay. Amen. God, good. Give us so many blessings on this earth. That's what we are. We are
