################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-09-08 - 092207 - Kidri Diggs Growth By Pruning - Kidri Diggs.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-09-08
Title:    092207 - Kidri Diggs: Growth By Pruning
Speaker:  Kidri Diggs
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6rBmUZcBZg
========================================

Description:
#branham #malachi4 #messageofthehour #williambranham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
John chapter 15, Job chapter 1. Let's start at verse six. The Bible says, "Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, Whence comest thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in in the earth, a perfect and upright man, one who fearth God and escueth evil." Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "Doth Job fear God for not? Hast not thou made a hedge about him and about his house and all and about all that he hath on every side. Now that's some protection right there, right? He says and about all that he have on every side. Thou has blessed the work of his hands and his substance is increased in the land. Now catch this. Satan is testifying over God's protection. He knows he can't touch Job. And he's saying his family is blessed. His position, his his possessions are blessed. Everything about him is blessed. Isn't that something? The devil, he's watching all of us, but he knows that there are boundaries. Oh my. Let's keep reading. He says, "But put forth thine hand now and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power. Only upon himself, put not forth thy hand." So Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. Let's go to um St. John chapter 15. Let's start at verse one. St. John chapter 15 verse one. He says, "I am the true vine and my father is the husbandman. Every branch in me that beareth not forth that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me. Amen. May the Lord a bless reader of his word. You can have your seats. Uh tonight by God's grace I don't have anything new but I want to encourage you. Hallelujah. Amen. Because we are in very very intense times and it's it's you know sometimes I think uh I I I not just I think but sometimes I feel like I'm failing. Sometimes I feel like oh Lord God am I am I supposed to be here in my life and the question is yes. The question is yes. I want to tell you that church that there's nothing about your life that's out of order. You know, God is a God of precision. Hallelujah. He knows exactly what to do to get you to wherever you are in life. And you know, my my subject tonight is growth by pruning. Growth by pruning. And you look, if I if I if I go to the scripture, the important verse that I pulling us out of, if we go to um back to St. John chapter 15, the Bible says, "Every branch, Amen. Every every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. See, first things first, as a Christian, we're supposed to be producing something. You know, none of us are supposed to be just laidback church members. But there's something about us. We're supposed to be producing fruit. Amen. Why fruit? Because the seed is in the fruit. And if you have no fruit in your life, how is Christianity ever being multiplied? because that was the that was the uh whole commission of Adam. He said, "Be fruitful and multiply." So therefore, church, we must bring forth fruit. But look, he said, "If you're not bringing forth fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, listen, he purges it." Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we're going to kind of talk about tonight. He purges it that it bring forth more fruit. Hallelujah. That it bring forth more fruit. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Now we know God's love is elected love. But the way God expresses his love is how church by sending us through a trial. By sending us through something that is very unexpected. That's sending us through situations where we may feel like Lord I don't deserve this. You know think about it as Christians. And most of us we're trying to do the best we can. Most of us we don't smoke. We don't drink. We don't cuss. We don't do none of those things. But constantly, we're going through battles. It almost don't make sense. Amen. It seems like we we're trying to live a dedicated life and we're trying to do the best we can, but we always find ourselves against opposition. We always find ourselves in a in a place where we're saying, "Lord, why me?" Or, "Lord, what have I done to deserve this?" And you know, uh, church, what's going on is that God is constantly purging us that we bring forth more fruit. But what you have to realize is your purging is also a proving ground. Hallelujah. God is not only proving to you, but he's proving to the devil that you will stand. Notice right here in the Bible with Job, God didn't even argue with Job. I mean, with the devil, he didn't argue with him. He told him, "Go ahead." Hallelujah. Amen. But before he told him, "Go ahead," he testified about Job's life. He said he's a perfect and upright man. One who is skeweth from all evil. Now, think about it. Job was going through his trial. Now, he didn't see himself perfect. Amen. Hallelujah. He didn't see himself, Hallelujah. trial free, but God did. Hallelujah. He was already in that stage in God's mind. In God's mind, this trial was nothing. The trial was all about proving the devil wrong. Hallelujah. And your trial is all about the same thing. Proving the devil wrong. So, let's understand something about God. He'll never He can't He'll never put you through anything that you can't handle. That's right. That's right. Hallelujah. If he would put you through something that would cause you to fail, that mean God is alive. And the prophet said he's not the author of confusion. So he has to have a purpose. But the thing of it is we have to be able to go through the purging and not complain. Yes, sir. We have to go through the tests and trials and find a way somewhere in there to say, "Thank you, Jesus." Hallelujah. Because you have people accuse you while you're going through a trial. They'll say you you sin and all these things while you're going through a trial. They'll judge your family. They'll judge your relationship. They'll judge who you are in church while you're going through a trial. But just remember, brother Brad, all he's doing is proving to the devil that he's a lie. All he's doing is proving to the devil that you will win. And listen, all of Joe's accusers had no proof of any kind of wrongdoing in his life. We sing a song at home. You can talk about me as much as you please. And the more you talk, I'm going to bend my knees. Church, that's what it's all about. The prophet preached reaction to an action. Hallelujah. An action oral reaction. You know the message. Hallelujah. And a lot of times, God wants to see what you going to do. But look, what did the trial do for Job? Hallelujah. What did the pruning or the purging do for Job? It brought more revelation out. Amen. Hallelujah. It brought more revelation out. Job began to say, "The Lord God giveth and the Lord God what? Taketh away." When was the last time you blessed God? Because of what you're going through. Oh, hallelujah. Wow. You say, "Bro D, why are you preaching this?" Because I learned. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm preaching by experience tonight. Hallelujah. And when I was when I was um when this thought was coming and and this it just this church is special to my ministry because I can have something at the house or something and study but it's something about getting on 95. And as soon as I get on 95 everything start to turn. Everything started to go right not left. It goes right. It goes right and inspiration starts to fall and I have no notes and no nothing. and all of it just starts to come and come and God say preach about this and preach about that and and I be like Lord but what about this he said no preach on this it never fails so what God is telling saying tonight be encouraged hallelujah because your trials are for your good we quote the scripture all the things all all things work out for good but when we going to believe it hallelujah we when we going to come to church and say Oh, brother Digs, I got this ankle. I got this pain. But blessed be the name of the Lord. I don't know why I'm going through this, but hallelujah. Do you expect to receive all good and no evil at the hand of the Lord? That's what Job told his wife. Sure did. But church, there is a purging that we go through as believers. And purging is not Hallelujah. It doesn't mean that you've done wrong. Purging means that there is still some hidden mystery in you that we haven't seen yet. Hallelujah. Church, God allowed David, hallelujah, to commit adultery. Hallelujah. Premeditate murder. Hallelujah. Conspire and do all these things to one man just to get Psalms 51 out of him. created me a clean heart. Oh my. He allowed him to go through a King David, mighty warrior. God said, "If you would have asked me, I would have gave you another woman." Amen. But God let him go through all of that just to get that son created me a clean heart. Take not thy Holy Spirit from me. And what do we do now when we get in situations? We cry out that same son. Hallelujah. Why? So that trial, those fruit were for us to eat on. Amen. Yes, sir. David being purged for our benefit. Hallelujah. And you may not have realized it, but sometimes you go through things because somebody's going to go through it after you. And they're watching how you go through it. And if you go through it right, I guarantee you they'll come back and tell you, "I thank God for you because I saw you going through what I'm going through and you were a good blessing to me." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen, church. But you look, Satan has boundaries. There's only so much he can do. And you'll be surprised what you can go through. You'll be surprised how much you can take. You'll be surprised, hallelujah, how much you can hear and stay focused. You'll be surprised how much strength you have with so much weight on your shoulders and you still get up and remain faithful. You'll be surprised. Hallelujah. Until you go through it. And when you're going through it, you're like, I don't know where the strength came from, but there was something in me that wouldn't let me quit. What was it? Hallelujah. It was the manifestation. Hallelujah. Of God's spirit. Amen. Amen. And God's using that thing to make you stronger. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Think about it, church. Job, what he was going through, it caught him by such a surprise. Hallelujah. that the Bible say he went and sat on the ash heap and and and I don't know if Elephants and the different ones his friends are going to be there in heaven but I almost if we get to heaven I almost want to rebuke [Music] them now I might not be saying their names right different ones y'all know what I'm talking about Joe's buddies all they could do was judge him by his trial. Yes, sir. Brother Jason, they had no proof. And they say he can't lose his family. He didn't lost his children, all his possessions. He got to be sinning. They came to their own conclusion. And you know what the whole trial was? The trial was a bet between God and the devil. Church, you may not realize it. God is betting on you. God has put everything on the table. Hallelujah. And he said, "I place my money on JD." Hallelujah. I place my money on Matt. Hallelujah. I place my money on the Yash family. Hallelujah. I place my money on Caleb. Hallelujah. See, church, God is not worried. He Hallelujah. He'll come with his whole stack, all of his millions, say, "Put this on seven." Hallelujah. because this child is going to make them complete. God, I hope you're being encouraged tonight. There's no way you can lose because if you lose, that mean God doesn't know what he was talking about, church. Hallelujah. In God's casino, hallelujah, of our life, every table is rigged. Amen. Every table is rigged. You can't help but come out winners and Satan looks at my life. Hallelujah. And he says, "God, give me the dice. I want some sixes." And God says, "No, it's going to always come on sevens. My dice are loaded to one side. So no matter how I'm thrown, hallelujah, it always comes out of my favor. It'll always come out in your favor, church. Amen. Amen. I hope somebody being blessed. I want you to look at it not so much as what I'm saying, but your life tonight and to know that there is a purpose. And what God is doing, he's growing your tree. That's right. Amen. By the pruning. Hallelujah. Listen, what does it mean to be pruned? Now, for those of you who don't understand what pruning is, I'm going to give you a definition, but I'm going to give you an example first. Pruning is when you got a tree that has grown a certain way. And maybe it's pushed out what it's supposed to pushed out and now it's got branches, hallelujah, that are leaning a certain way. And those branches may be in the way of something. They may be stopping something from being other branches from seeing sunlight. And those branches have to be cut, but those branches being cut does not destroy the tree. What it does, it makes room for the other branches to continue to grow and live. And there are areas in your life, areas in my life that God has to prune. Hallelujah. It doesn't mean that we're not Christians, but it mean that that stage is over. Hallelujah. That stage is over, honey. That trial is over. The effect of that trial is over. And now I'm cutting it off. That you can no longer remember it. There's some things that we are still remembering and bring it up. And God wants to prune it and cut it off. So you can grow in other areas. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But you cut it off so that the tree can grow. so that the other the other other parts of the tree can get strength. But listen, it says pruning can remove any portion of that that have a disease. And you know how people do the problem in the message is come on. We have so many people sitting in church still living by their hurts and they want to blame the message of the hour for it. No, it's not the word. It's you still carrying baggage that you can be delivered from because the message came to set us free. But what we do is we live with our hurts and our pains and and what does it does? It causes a disease. It causes a sickness. Hallelujah. Well, people say, "Well, I can't go to church." No way. Because I've been hurt. And then you have men leave church and go home and start church in their house and become pastor. And they never been called to be a pastor. And they raise their family up with no fellowship. Raise their family up. Hallelujah. Without the five-fold ministry. Amen. Because they've been hurt. But all God was trying to do was prune the tree. Amen. Come on. And I know people stay in the house, have house meetings. Hallelujah. For years when the Bible says, hallelujah, that the five-fold ministry is there for the perfecting of the saints. Yes, sir. Praise God. I learned a while ago, as much as I liked having my family go everywhere with me, I realized I was in the five-fold ministry. And the only way they was going to be perfected is by staying back. Hallelujah. Now, that made me feel some kind of way because I like having the crew with me. But coming to terms that, hallelujah, their livelihood is at stake, too. But think about how good it is. Hallelujah. You f to go to another church and your kids say, "Daddy, I just want to stay home here, pastor. Shouldn't that make you happy? But you know, we selfish and we won't control everything." Amen. I just got back I just got back from London and I preached a message to the youth. Hallelujah. I called it let it go. Because there's a lot of things we're holding on to when all we got to do is let it go. And what you have to realize in a tug of war, in a tug of war, there's you on this side and there's only two spirits on the other side. You're either pulling against God or you're pulling against the devil. And the thing of it is what we need to do is stop pulling and just let it go. Because whatever you're pulling will go back to the rightful owner. Hallelujah. If it belongs to God, it'll go back to God. If it belongs to the devil, it'll go back to the devil. So I say to you, every form of disease, let it go. Every depression, let it go. Every hurt, let it go. Every pain, let it go. Hallelujah. Church, I'm living by a new revelation. Brother Diggs is only trying to control whatever he can't control. Amen. Hallelujah. You say, "Bro, what does that mean? That means put the baptism of the Holy Ghost in my children in God's hands. No matter what I see. God is in your hands. Because all I can control is what I can control. How do you control it, Brother Diggs? By committing it to God. Get down on my knees and pray and say, "Lord, I dedicated to you. Now I'm looking for you to do your part because you told me raise them up in the way they should go. It don't matter if they snorting cocaine. If you did your part, if you raise them up the way they supposed to go, you are blameless. The rest belongs to God. Hallelujah. And but you know what happens? We say, "Oh God, Lord, please save my child." Next thing you know, your son gets locked up, going to jail, and you trying to mortgage the house, sell everything. You just said, "Lord, do whatever you got to do to save him, and now you trying to bail them out." Leave them in it. That's the best thing for them. If you prayed about it, let it go. Commit it to God because they got to be pruned, too. That's good. He said, "Oh God, Lord, please save my daughter." Then she gets pregnant. And you like, "Oh my Lord, why you let this happen?" And, "Oh, she can't be in the house anymore." You said, "Do whatever you got to do to let her get saved." And that responsibility can change her life. You know, we don't look at things like that. Ah, she committed sin. God allowed it. Yes, it all comes back to God. God allowed it. God allowed Joe's brothers to be Joseph's brothers to be jealous of him, hate him, sell him into slavery, and then Piper's wife to lie on him, get him thrown in jail, let the baker and butler, hallelujah, forget all about him just to get him in position. What was he doing? God was pruning him, church, through all of his trials, he was still being used. Amen. But what was God doing? He was getting more fruit out of his life. Oh, I feel good. Hallelujah. Praise God. See what we need. The prophet of God say we need a a a a backyard bl backyard blue sky sinkilling Holy Ghost revival. But we will forget about church order and we just say, "Lord, I thank you cuz you've been good to me." Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, brother D, he's just he's just trying to stir us up. I don't feel like all that tonight. Come on. Okay. But what if it's God trying to stir you up? You going to tell him, "I don't feel like it." I bet you going to tell your boss you don't feel like coming in. What you do is make up a lie. Uh, my temperature is 98.5, not.3. But let me move on. You know, that's that's kind of one of my pet peeves because of the way I am. Sometimes I think people want me to apologize for being excited. Apologize for being radical about God. apologize for giving God praise and dance and worship. But I'm sorry. I don't have no apologies. God healed me from cancer in my brain. When the doctor said if I don't take chemo, I'mma die. Well, I ain't dead yet. So, I might as well give God some praise. Hallelujah. Heal me from diabetes at least four times. Amen. To where the devil just might as well quit cuz I got a revelation of it now. And you don't want me to praise God in your church. Well, I'm sorry. I'm like Paul. From this purpose, I came. Hallelujah. That the starchiness, Hallelujah. would get out of Bethl Tabernacle. That these young people would see a man on fire. Hallelujah. They see a man, Hallelujah, that has no apologies for the goodness of God. God came into my life when I was 15 years old and he hadn't left me yet. Through every trial, he's been faithful. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. And I'm like, brother Brandham. Hallelujah. If my kids go to the world, they have to walk over a Christian life. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm sorry. If you see me in heaven, it's gonna be just like this. Ain't gonna be no preaching. Ain't gonna be a bunch of screaming and holling, worship, giving God praise. Ain't going to be no preaching in heaven. Ain't going to be nothing but a worship service. Amen. Cuz the unveiling of the word and its fullness is going to be before us. Ain't nobody going to have to tell you about Jesus. And if you can't worship him now, you ain't going to worship him over there. Cuz the prophet of God say only thing death does is change your dwelling place. It does not change who you are. Like people say, "If I was with the if I was with the uh uh Jesus on the shores of Galilee, boy, I would have had a time. No more of a time than you having right now." It's all about your image and the revealing of God in your heart. Hallelujah. And if you got that revealing now, you'll do the same thing then that you're doing now. staring at the Lord while he's preaching. [Laughter] He's breaking bread. He doing miracles. And all you got is He's speaking personally in your life. And all you got is I don't know about you, but I didn't had hallelujah. Holy Ghost fil men walk up to me and tell me exactly what I've been praying about and you want me to just [Applause] Hallelujah. J, I couldn't be that man in the Bible where Jesus said, "Don't tell nobody I did this." Huh? I'm sorry. Go see a man. Come see a man who's changed my life. Yeah, I got faults. Yeah, I got ups and downs. But I got a God who remains faithful through my faults, through my ups and downs. I can always go to him and say, "Lord, you remain the same. You forgave me one time and I'm asking you to forgive me again." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Does anybody feel strong tonight? Well, if you don't, let me help you out. As a Christian, your Bible says the joy of the Lord is your strength. Just thinking about God ought to put a smile on your face. And if you don't want it, I take your smile. Give it to me. It's amazing because you know in our journey we're being we're being pruned and our children are watching us be Christians. They're watching you. They're watching your salvation to watch you go through and and it's amazing to me. We rebuke our kids and say you need to give God praise. You need to sing and all these things we you need to you need to you need to you need to and all they doing is watching you. There is a thing called learn behavior. There is a thing called influence. Hallelujah. Oh my. Let me move on everybody. All right. He says uh that that pruning can remove any portion that have a disease. Fungi. Y'all know what fungi is, right? Fungi, it gets on something, it begins to overtake it. And as it overtake, it's a growth. And as it overtaken, it it starts to produce disease. And some of us have spiritual fungi in our lives. Hallelujah. Things that we've come in contact that we've never got rid of. And now it's overtaken your journey. Can't even praise God. can't even say, "Lord, I love you." Can't even smile while you're going through it, cuz all you can do is think about what you're going through. Don't think about what you're going through. Think about, hallelujah, who's helping you go through it. And other types of decay, stopping it from spreading to healthier branches. That's what pruning does. pruning. Hallelujah. It cuts off all the sickness and the decay and the fungi. Hallelujah. To make the whole tree healthier. Oh my. Removing these branches can also expose the others to move to more sunlight. Hallelujah. Church, where God deals with certain situations in your life by pruning, all he's doing is rising up other areas that haven't been touched yet. Hallelujah. There areas in your life that hadn't been touched spiritually yet. So the way God gets to that is sending you through a trial. Woo. You say, "Lord, give me more love." He'll send you through a trial just to touch that area of more love. You say, "Lord, give me more joy." He'll touch that area in a trial by giving you more joy. Anybody want to be touched? Be careful. God is faithful. Be careful. God is faithful. You say, "Lord, I want to be touched." He will touch you with a trial. Y'all looking at me. Oh my God. I don't want to go through a trial. Trust me, you are. To get out of here. You will. Amen. Hallelujah. But the good thing about it, you will survive it. You have to. Hallelujah. For you to fail will be like God himself failing. Why? Because his seed is inside of you. That's right. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh my. This is the part I like. He said branches can also expose the others to move to more sunlight and air circulation. Woo. When you got more air circulation, the whole body is being blasted. Two, what's the two most important elements of your body? Oxygen and the blood. Without oxygen, the blood can't flow freely. Hallelujah. And without no blood, you're dead. Amen. The most two important things. But the oxygen and the blood works together to keep everything running in harmony. Hallelujah. He said which also helps to reduce Hallelujah. to reduce diseases encourages fruit production. Hallelujah. So your trial, it encourages fruit production. And that's what God was showing the devil here in Job's life. But all his friends could see was what he was going through. Whatever happened to the the the the the proverb, don't judge a book by its cover. We do that so much. We do that so much. Look, let me say this. For you to go through anything, it has to be in the plans of God. That's right. And God can use what he want to use, how he want to use it, when he want to use it to make you a better person. But let's just let's just take Satan's grip off of it tonight. Because he Satan think he has a grip on the whole situation. Let's take his hands off of it tonight. Hallelujah. God directs the devil on where he can try you. [Music] He can't say, "I'mma mess with the family." Not without God's permission. I'mma mess with the children, not without God's permission. Because you go, you go from chapter 1 to chapter two of Job. First things were all his possession, his children, and all that stuff. And then God says, "But don't touch his life." Satan had to abide by that. Hallelujah. And then Job came out victorious. Hallelujah, church. He wasn't restored yet, but he was still blessing God. That's what the whole trial was about. Satan wanted to hear Job curse God. But in the midst of losing his possessions, losing his money, losing his children, wife talking bad about him, he never cursed God. So he was still winning even though he lost everything. Then Satan comes back, hallelujah, and he says, "You know what?" Yeah, he doing all that, but let me get his body. See, even though he was going through all that stuff, Satan couldn't touch his body. Now, he asked God for permission to touch his body. And God, Hallelujah, because the table is rigged, God said, "Go ahead. Put all your cards. Put all your money on the table." And he says, "Go ahead." And you know what? Job had balls from his head to his toe, all over his body. But you know what? Hallelujah. He still didn't curse God. That's right. But more revelation came out. Hallelujah. Job's trial brought him what? It brought him all the way to the cross before Christ in the flesh had ever died. Amen. Hallelujah. Only the prophet of God said the oldest book in the Bible is Job. Amen. But when Job said, "I know my redeemer liveth." Hallelujah. And I shall see him again in the flesh. God hadn't even been to the cross yet. Amen. Your child, Hallelujah, it should express new areas of God, new revelations of God, Hallelujah, in your life. Amen. Look, but in pruning, now this is powerful. This is powerful right here. And I ain't gonna be too much longer. I'm about to close. Look, in pruning, I want to show you how to prune a tree. And you think about I want you to catch the steps of this pruning a tree. If you want to cut a branch off, you want to prune that tree. You don't just cut it from the base. No. Or or where that limb is pushing out from. Let's just say my arm is the limb that need to be cut. This is a figure of speech, Lord. You ain't going to cut it. If you pruning, you going to cut it right here. No, you start further out. And you cut right here. Why do you cut right here? Because if I cut where I need, where I want to cut, as the tree is falling, it's going to tear areas that don't need to be torn. And then it'll cause the tree longer to heal. So what God, oh boy, this is powerful. So what God does, he'll stop further out in the pruning situation. It's called It's called, Hallelujah, three cut method. And what what what a man does when he's pruning a tree. Hallelujah. He doesn't cut from the top first. He cuts from the bottom. Cuts in areas that nobody else sees. Hallelujah. And he cuts that tree from the bottom. Hallelujah. Because what's going to happen is that cut is going to protect the whole tree as you cut closer. Oh, I wish I had a video to show it. Sister thought I should have told you that. But look what he does is just say he starts cutting out. Can everybody hear me good? Are we all right on the tape? Can you hear me good? You might want to cut this long while I illustrate. But look what he does is he cuts out here but it cuts under here. But to get the tree he has to come back and cut from the top because as he cutting from the top the the weight of the tree will fall down but this cut will protect everything else from being torn. Amen. So what God does, the trial starts way out here, but then it gets intense as it comes back. But it's all about making the cut. Hallelujah. More able for you to bear. Hallelujah. And what he does, he starts in here in areas nobody else sees. Hallelujah. And he cuts underhand. Then he comes and cuts from the top and the branch that part falls off. But the rest of the womb is protected. Then you go back to the shoulder of the tree and cut the rest of the branch off. Are you catching me? And by doing it that way, the three cut method, you protect the whole tree and you help it to heal faster. And that's what God does. You say, "Brother James, my trials are getting more and more intense now because the cut is getting smoother." See, out here, you couldn't handle that cut right here yet. Amen. So God starts out here and cuts underhand. He cuts right here. Then he comes back after it falls off and touches those real real sensitive areas. Amen. Let's go. I hope y'all brothers got my stuff. This This right here is in the message um the approach to God. He says, "Now, have you ever noticed how that when the disaster struck Job's home, you hear me say a disaster?" Don't we feel like sometimes our Christian journey is a disaster? I don't know about you, it feel like a disaster. Brother Matt, hallelujah. God's been giving me inspiration by preaching on tragedy. And you know, sometimes we have tragedy in our lives and we say, "Oh, God, this is so tragic." Amen. Why did this happen? It's so tragic. H but God, he don't think like we think. Let's just take a tragedy. Hallelujah. In the scripture, Ruth, her husband died. Oh, it's so tragic. We got saints in here. Hallelujah. Who's lost loved ones? Her husband died. Then her brother-in-law died. Her father-in-law died. Oh, it was so tragic. But all of those tragedies led her to Boaz. Hallelujah. So God used those tragedies to put her life in a position better than it ever was. Hallelujah. Because her husband wasn't a type of Christ. Her husband, Hallelujah, couldn't redeem Naomi and all the possessions. Hallelujah. But once the tragedy took place, oh my Ruth be to live a life that she could never live married to the man she was married to. So God would allow tragedies and and tragic situations just so he can bless you. Somebody say hallelujah. Oh my. If you're going through something, hallelujah. It could be just so God can bless you. Man, I thought I was going to get more worship than that. I thought I was going to get more think it's easier than that. You mean I'm going through a trial just so God can show me that he's God? You mean my finances are jacked up just so God can show me how blessed he is? So he can show me he's a provider. I don't know about y'all. I don't know. I don't know why this thought came on my mind, but while I was coming down here, I was thinking about that Maserati. I must got a spirit on me cuz they was zooming down. I zoom zoom zoom zoom. I said, "Well, if I was in my mazy, I pray for me." Amen. But we look at tragedy and tragic situations when it's just God. Hallelujah. It's just growth by pruning. Let's keep going. He said Job's home and children was all killed and everything and all Job had was destroyed. God wasn't rebuking Job. He was only purging Job. Amen. I like that word, a purge. The branch that bears fruit when God purges it that it'll bring forth more fruit. The trouble of it is we think sometime God's angry with us. But he's only trying to purge us that will bring abundance of fruit, church. Not just any kind of fruit. Abundance of fruit. Hallelujah. Sometimes things that happen just just so God can get you to speak the word over it. Some friends of mine in the UK, Hallelujah. The sister, she she planted a pear tree. Y'all might have heard this before. She planted a pear tree, but the pear tree as it grew and grew and grew, it would never push out past and she was like, "I know I planted a pear tree." So one day, hallelujah, after hearing the word and and the substance of the truth being preached, one day she walked up to the tree. She walked up to the tree and she said, "I planted you to give me pears and if you don't give me no pairs, I'mma cut you down next season." When the next season came around, that thing start pushing out pairs from everywhere. Hallelujah. Why? Because it heard its maker speak. And God was in that little frail woman. Hallelujah. And church to this day. Hallelujah. That tree pushed out so many pairs to the branches start falling off. And I just got back from there. It's still pushing out past. All God is trying to get you to do is speak the word over your situation. Stop crying, stop muring, complaining, and speak the word. Lord, I claim my family. Lord, I claim a better job. Lord, I claim a greater understanding. Amen. Speak the word. That's right. Lord, give me Hallelujah. strength over the spirit. Lord, I claim my healing. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Every bit of paracoba or parad this or par that come from that tree. Everybody in the church eating off that tree now. Oh my. The branch the branch that bears fruit then God purges it that it'll bring forth more fruit. The trouble of it is we think God sometimes angry with us but he's only trying to purge us that we'll bring abundance of fruit giving us a few trials. The Bible said that they they're worth more to you than precious gold. Did you ever know that every son that cometh to God must first be tried? Whipped, childhipped, correction. Whipped. Whip mean hurts. Whip means it gets into your muscle memory. You give a child a real good Oh, I forgot. Come on. It's all right. We got these new age parents. You better stop it. I'm going to put you in timeout. I'm going to count one, two, three. I guarantee you you always get to three. If you one of them one, two, three parents, I guarantee you, you always get to three. I hate to tell you this, to your child, you a joke. And they know one you ain't going to do nothing. They know two you ain't going to do nothing and they know three you just going to walk to them. So you think about that next time you get into the one two three. One they two my mama my mama her first name is Zora. And y'all heard me say this before. Her first name was And now that we all save, I I can say things like this to her. And I just said this the other day. I said, "Hey, if we was being raised in this generation, you'll be in jail. The whippons we got, no, I said whippons, not spankings. The whippons we got because we were wrong. Now today's society calls child a My mama, her name is Anora and I class she was like Zoro whenever something happened. It like it's like her belt was never it like it was never on. It was always not paying attention in church man. Please go to sleep. Get water breaks. Man, please church. I was a grown man sitting in church and she threw a book at me. I was sitting in church like this. I wasn't sleep. I just had my head down. Oh no. And next thing you I'm like, "You better wake up." And I couldn't pull that I'm grown card cuz that I'm that I'm grown card would have got me embarrassed in church. I couldn't hit her back because then the whole church will jump on me. That's right. That's the community we raised up in. But now they Oh, bless they hard. Oh my goodness. You You do whatever God tell you do. Like I tell her, I said, "I been, you boy, you be locked. You be locked all the way up some of the stuff you did." And she just smiled and laughed and say, "It got you where you at, didn't it? That's right. So, you know what I do? I say, "Blessed be the name of the Lord." Hallelujah. Because I got friends who didn't have that discipline. Some of them are dead. Some of them without the parties and and and did the wrong drugs and now they out of their minds. So, I thank God for a parent, a God-fearing parent. Hallelujah. Who warned me put tattoos on my body as a young man. who told me, hallelujah, homosexuals wanted their ears pierced before it got to where it's at now. And I never catch none of y'all walk in my house period ears. And there was a little bit came with that because she was security guard at a nuclear plant. So she had on the whole gear, nice stick, mace, gun, handcuffs, it all. Say if you try me, I'mma spray you first and then I'mma go to work on you, boy. I was just real talk. I love my mama death. Real talk. This is why I'm saved. And she was so bad. She used to bring the gunshot home and all you see is bullets in the head and in the heart. Now, I didn't believe she'd shoot me, but I wasn't willing to try because she had some real substance. Hallelujah. And that's what the world is missing today. Real substance. Hallelujah. A revance for life, a revengeance for family, a rev for God. Hallelujah. Amen. Let me get out of this. I need to close now. Don't go home and slap your child across the head cuz Brother Dig, don't let God lead you. The Bible say, "Provoke not your children to wrath." All right, everybody with me? Listen, I want to read you something real quick and I'm gonna try to get out of the way. Listen, this is I love this quote right here. This This is uh How can I overcome? Is this the one I want? No, I don't want that one. I want the one uh the power of God 1955. He said, "Think we have an anchor." Amen. That's in the veil. We can see it sometimes, but we know it's there. We can't see it sometimes, but we know it's there. Listen to this church. Like the little boy was flying the kite. They said, "Where is it?" said, "I can't see it." Said, "I know it's still there cuz I feel it." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Church, even if you're going through a trial, hallelujah. Sometimes God feel like that kite, but it's still there. How do you know? Cuz you can feel it tug every now and then. You can feel something. Say, "Go pray. It'll be all right." You can feel something when you get to church. Sing that special I put on your heart. What is it? That's the kite still connected. That's God still connected to you. Hallelujah. And sometimes all it takes is just a little tug to let you know he's still with you. Hallelujah. I don't know about you, church, but all I need is that little tug sometimes. Hallelujah. All I need is to come to church and hear the pastor or the ministry speak just a little bit on my situation. What is that? That's That means I'm still connected to the kite. What is God saying tonight that your kite is still connected? God's trying to get somebody a tongue tonight to let you know he's still with you. Nobody can see it, but it's still there. Brother, this generation don't even know what it's like to fly kites. I do. I'm talking about the younger people. We know. I'm about your kids. Hallelujah. We know. We couldn't wait for March. Cuz I'm a March baby. When it's what they call March, the windy month. And we go by kites. Amen. Someone looking at me like what's a sister? They don't even know what is some of the cleanest fun you could ever have. Some plastic and a couple pins and some rope on your arm running down the street. Man, you talking about fun. We used to have a blast. But now y'all fun ain't got no substance to it. Locked up in a room. Ain't no memories in that. I got it on fire, man. Please let me go. He said, "I know it's still there cuz I can feel it." Everybody all right? I think I got the longest drive tonight. So that's right. We may not be able to see it. Times get dark. The clouds may hide his blessings, his blessed face for a spell. But remember, the clouds may hide his face, but it don't hide him. Hallelujah. It can hide the sun from you, but it's still shining beyond the clouds. And faith sees the sun beyond the clouds. Oh my. And here was Moses mother in the conflict of testing of her faith. And every child, every son that cometh to God first must be tried. God test your faith. Now look like God. Now this right here is some real substance right here. I I don't want y'all to miss this. Listen to this. He says, "Now look like God could just simply bypass the whole thing and don't have any appropriate way." Instead of sending you through a trial, God could just give it to you, couldn't he? But remember, when he first started, he said, "I'm not going to drive him by the land. You going to do it. You're going to appreciate building houses in this land. You're going to appreciate eating those giant fruit." Amen. See, because when you do it, there's more gratitude about it. Ain't it? For for those of us who allow our kids to get jobs and you let them buy their own car, they'll appreciate that thing much more than driving yours. They'll get in your car. It ain't even a stick shift. And they'll be downshifting. Let me see what it can do. Let me see if I can [Music] drill. and it tear up. They'd be like, "Dad, mom, you got to fix it. Tow up on me, but let them buy it. Let them have to pay that $1,500 to fix it. I guarantee they'll treat it different." Hallelujah. Listen, he says the appropriate way and just cut the thing off. But it's better that he gives you a test. And listen to this. It's better that he gives you a test and then comes to you when you're in the test. [Music] Oh my. So, you know what I want everybody to do that's being tested? When you get home, I want you to start doing this. Amen. The prophet say it's better for him to give you a test and then for you to look for him coming to you on the test. I want everybody to start looking for him because he has a purpose. Hallelujah. The test is supposed to reveal more of him. Hallelujah. He could easily just send you through it and bring you out on the other side. No. H. What he does send you through the test and then he shows up. He let the He let the Hebrew boys Hallelujah. They had to step in the furnace before God came. Just testifying about God wasn't good enough. They had to get in the fire. Once they got in the fire, their clothes didn't burn. Their shoes didn't burn. Their skin didn't burn. Their hair didn't burn. And then God stepped in there with them. H. And the whole world begin to testify. We see the fourth man. We see the fourth man in your trial with you. Think about it, church. Hallelujah. Daniel had to go into the lion's den and those lions were hungry. And then God came into the trial with him just to put his hands on their mouth. Amen. My good. Oh my. He said it's better that he gives you a test and then comes to you when you're in the test. I like that. Don't you? It's better. I'm going to say it again. It's better for him to give you a test and then comes to you in the test. I like that. Don't you? I like that. Don't you? I like that. Don't you? But this, what do you like being tested and then God comes to me on the test? I like that. Don't you? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to look at this thing different. Yes, sir. He said, "The greatest experience of my life is when I come up against a mountain that I can't get over it, under it, or around it, and just stand still." And God will move the thing back, and he will move no matter how dark the cloud is. Faith pierces it yonder with a eye that looks beyond anything the devil can't set before you. Cuz God is our victory. Come on, musicians. Somebody say it with me. God is our victory. God is our victory in every test. God our victory. So I don't mind That's right. growth by pruning. That's right. Because the Bible says everything that can be shook will be shaken. but for the benefit of the believers because everything that's meant to stand will stand. But he got to shake everything that's not needed to be here first. And there's some things in our life that God don't need. So what does he do? He shake us up. Hallelujah. Cuz you notice what a hurricane does? First thing a hurricane does, it breaks loose everything that's already loose. Amen. If your roof has been up there too long, trust me, you going to be calling the insurance company cuz the hurricane going to expose it. If your tree hadn't gone deep enough, trust me, you either going to be removing it or replanting it because the winds of that hurricane is going to expose it. And that's what God does. He exposed the deep and fragile areas in our life by giving us a test only to make us go deeper, only to make us stronger. Hallelujah. Let's pray. Let's go back to that. Oh, go back to that key. That same key you added in. Oh, nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Everybody say, "Oh." Oh, you are my healer. You are my healer, Lord. You are my healer, Lord. Everybody say, "Oh, oh, you're my provider, Lord. You're my provider, Lord. You're my provider, Lord." Everybody's, "Oh, you're my deliverer, Lord. You're my deliverer. Oh, you're my deliverer. Everybody's Oh, nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you. Nobody like you, Lord. [Music] Everybody's nobody like you. Nobody like you, Lord. No, ain't nobody nobody like you, Lord. Everybody, you're my healer. My healer. You are my healer, Lord. You are my healer, Lord. Let's give a wedding offering. Oh. Oh. S with me. You are my peace. You are my peace, Lord. You are my peace, Lord. [Music] Everybody, oh, you are so faithful, Lord. You are so faithful, Lord. So faithful. You are so faithful. So faithful. Everybody's You're so [Music] faithful. So faithful. You are so faithful, Lord. You are so faithful, Lord. You are. You are a God. You are a present God. You are a prais God. You are a present God. Oh, you are God. You are a present God. You are a present [Music] [Applause] God. You are my Lord. You are my Lord. Can't make it without you, Lord. Can't make it without you. [Music] [Applause] Oh, we will worship. We worship you. We worship Lord. Everybody, nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. [Music] [Applause] Nobody like you. There's nobody like you. [Music] You are my savior. You are my savior. You are my You are myior. You are [Music] my hallelujah. You are my savior. Hallelujah. You are my savior. [Music] Oh, nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. One more time. Oh, everybody say, "Oh, nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord." As we close our eyes, nobody like you, Lord. Oh, close your eyes and see. Let's worship. Oh, nobody like you. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Let's give him a wave of offering. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you, Lord. Lord, nobody like you, Lord, in my life's a Oh, you're so faithful. So faithful, Lord. You are so faithful, Lord. Keep playing that, bro. Lord Jesus. Father, as we stand here in divine presence, Lord, thank you for your goodness. Thank you for every setback, for every trial, every tribulation, everything, Lord, that you're doing to make us strong. Lord, we give you thanks and we say blessed be the name of the Lord. Father, though we may not understand everything, but we know we serve a God that is in control. We know we serve a God that is intentional. We serve a God who is purpose driven. And Lord, we know you won't stop until you see the full fulfillment in our life. Lord, till we're all made worthy of eternal life on this side. So Lord, we thank you for the pruning, Lord. the cutting away of diseases and hurts, Lord, and pains and fungi, Lord, and all the infections, Lord, spiritually in our lives. Lord, we give those things unto you right now because there's nobody like you, Lord. Lord, and at the sound of our voice, we bind every demon power that's been oppressing your people. We bind the demons of this of this world, Lord, of this age that are after our children, the demons of sexuality, the the the lion spirits, the influences of the world. We bind them right now in Jesus Christ's name. Lord, we pray for peace in our marriages, peace in our homes, peace on our job, peace in our church because you are Jehovah Shalom. [Music] Lord, that we receive that peace cuz there's nobody like you, Lord. Lord, and we pray that in this church, there'd be such an anointing, Lord, that when the people come, their burdens are lifted as soon as they step through the doors, Lord, that the worship will be so anointed, it'll be like David. It'll break yolks. And when the preacher comes, he won't even be able to minister because of your presence. Lord, that you'll speak, lift the ear to your people. You're still the same, Lord. And we count ourselves privileged to serve a God like you. A God who died and rose. A God who went down to hell and took control of hell, death, and the grave. And Lord, just to know you are in control of my hell. Hallelujah. Lord, I give you praise cuz you are so worthy. You are so worthy. Lord, we bless your holy name in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. We pray Lord we pray for traveling mercies Lord and every request Lord that would go forth Lord we pray for it right now Lord Lord God to every sickness Lord those on the internet who are watching Lord those who may have have have typed in their request Lord we pray Father that your hand be upon it right now Lord God that you would touch it Lord God and show them the favor of the trial Lord God that you could easily Lord not let us go through it, but Lord, you'd rather take us through it and then show up with us, Lord. So, Father, we thank you for showing up and we know that you're an on time God. Lord, we bless you, because there's nobody like you, Lord, and we give you praise in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. As we pray, everybody say oh nobody like you, Lord. Nobody like you. One more time. You're my healer, Lord. Everybody say you're my healer. You are my healer, Lord. Oh, you are my [Music] hero. [Applause] Oh, you are my prisoner. I am your prisoner, Lord. I am your prisoner, Lord. Everybody sing. [Music] Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise? Just an offering. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord [Applause] Jesus. Amen. We have some needs we want to get to. Want to read that came in and Brother Diggs just pray over them. Just want to read them to you. Good morning, brother. Uh I'd like to add my little grandson, Lane, to our prayer request tonight. I didn't add him last week because he seemed like things were getting better, but he was admitted to Al Dupont Children's Hospital in Wilmington, Delaware. I want to make sure I get that right. About a week ago, he couldn't breathe. They found for some reason, this is from Brother Joe Carter. Uh they found out he could he couldn't breathe. They found for some reason air pockets around his heart. I have no clue what would cause that, but he was discharged after they got his breathing under control. and he's back in with it again. Poor little guy. Can't breathe right now. I don't know if his if his uh bout with COVID is related to this. His bout with CO is related to this. He did have CO about 6 months ago, but we figured all was gone. This is something completely new. I've never heard of air around the heart being trapped. So, I don't know what the condition is or what to call it. We just like to have prayer for him. Amen. That's from Brother Joe's grandson, Lane. Want to remember him tonight. Um, my brother Chris, who's not here tonight, sent in a prayer request for him. He's had a migraine uh since he woke up all day. He's tried everything to get relief. Um, and he's streaming here tonight. So, we're going to pray the Lord gives him relief. Amen. Uh, also, this is from Sister Meredith. Mom is scheduled to have a heart cath on Friday to see if they can find the cause of the aphib. Please have the church pray for strength for mom. A smooth procedure with the Lord guiding the doctor's hand. and this will give the doctor the correct direction to go with her treatment and while he's there maybe be able to fix the problem if the Lord wills it. We want to believe for that and pray for that. I also want to remember I guess this was sent in but uh my dad our pastor's ministering away um there in Ramsir, North Carolina. So we just want to be remembering them as they travel. Amen. Maybe I don't see any more but maybe have you have something upon your heart you just want to represent that. Just raise a hand up to the Lord. and say, "Lord, here's my need." Amen. You believe the Lord Jesus is here present right now. Amen. I believe that we've heard the word of God preached. Amen. And can just sense him, sense that kite, that other end, that pulling. Amen. Feel his presence. So, we just want to join our faith together. Why don't you put your arm over on somebody? We said it last Wednesday. We'll say it again. Don't let brother Diggs be the only voice. Let God hear your voice. Amen. The Bible says, "Let the redeemed of the Lord say so." So, as brother Diggs begins to pray, you begin to call on the name of the Lord. Brother Digs, come take up these needs. Amen. Let's I don't know if you'll remember them all, but all of them. Okay. Okay. And saints, I want y'all to uh remember me in prayer. It's uh like like I say, I'm preaching by experience. I every time I feel like I hit a level where everything is running smooth, I live off the gospel and then something comes where it seems like it's a overflow and I be wondering where I'm going to get it from. But God is faithful and I'm talking about in the financial area. I I need some real substance. But again, God is faithful and he's always been my provider. You know, I've been doing this for a a long time, and God has always come through and I I I need I want him I need him to come through with an abundance and I believe he can do it. I've seen him do it, you know. So, just keep me and family in your prayers as we pray for this. Amen. Lord Jesus, Father, we approach your throne of grace, but first of all, we want to acknowledge, Lord, we're coming through the provided way. We're coming through that blood, Lord. Yes, God. That blood that's atoning over every life, over every request right now, Lord. Lord God, and we pray, Father, that you cover every situation, Lord Jesus, through that that that eternal infinite blood. Lord, that purges our lives, Lord. And Father, we have requests for heart conditions. And Lord, I stand here as a witness. My very own son had a heart murmur for 10 years. And Lord, you delivered. Lord, you took the hole out of his heart. And Lord, we put this same heart condition of this young man, Lord. Lord, that if you did it for my child, you can do it for their child because you're the same, Lord. And you say we are to be identified with Bible characters. Not only just the characters in the Bible, but we're the living word. So, Father, we can be identified with the lives that are walking on this earth, Lord. And Lord, we pray for headaches, Lord. And Father, seems like the brother can't get rid of it, but Lord, you're our sustaining power, Lord. You You say you're the Lord, thy God, that health thee, Lord. Lord, and and and even the pastor, Lord, he's out preaching the gospel, Lord. Be with him, Lord. God, that you'd move him out the way, Lord, and he'd be a mouthpiece for the for those people, Lord, and every other request, Lord. Lord, you know, you know the need, Lord. And Father, help us to be like Job, Father, as we're going through that more revelation is unveiled and we're able to give you thanks, Lord, in the midst of all of it, Lord. Whether it's a a a sickness, Lord, or personal issue or a lack or a need, Father, we know that you are more than able. And Lord, we take our cares unto you because your your burden is light. Your yoke, your yoke is is easy, Father, according to what your word says, Lord. Lord, we take you at your word. Yes, Lord. Lord, you said you couldn't swear by no greater, so you swear by yourself. So, in the name of Jesus Christ, we bring every request unto you. Lord, in your name we pray, Lord, and even the unspoken request, Lord, there are people in here right now praying over their children. Their children who have gone away withward, Lord. Lord, we know that you're still in control. Lord, that there are family situations being prayed for right now. That there are children in this room, the parents are praying for right now, Lord God, that you would touch that need, Lord, and move every cloud away so we can see the kite is still there. We know that you're still there, Lord. Lord, touch it in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. We bless your holy name. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. Jesus, your name is like on my lips. Your spirit's like water to my soul. Your word is a lamp to my feet. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, let's sing it before we go. Jesus, Jesus, you are the holy and anointed one. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. You are the holy and anointed one. Jesus, your name is like heart on my lips. Your spirit is like water to my soul. Your word is a lamp to my feet, Jesus. I love you. I love you. Bless your friends. You're only sure you can be dismissed. You see this weekend, Lord will upon my lips. Your spirit's like water to my soul. Your word is a lamp to my feet. Jesus, I love you. I love you Jesus. Jesus, you are the holy and anointed one. [Music] Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Jesus. You are the risen and exalted one. [Music] Jesus, your name is like honey on my lips. Your spirit's like water to my soul. Your word is a lamp to my feet. Jesus, I love you. I love you. [Music] [Music] My belove it is the most beautiful among [Music] Thousands and thousands I bel love. It is the most beautiful among thousands and thousands. I bel love it is the most beautiful among [Music] thousands and [Music] thousands. Yes. [Music] [Music]
