################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-06-14 - 230614 - Andrew Glover: Authoritative Disciples of the Revealed Word - Andrew Glover - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-06-14
Title:   230614 - Andrew Glover: Authoritative Disciples of the Revealed Word
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=depdDv93tEM
========================================

me walking close to thee. Let it be. Come on, Lord. Let it be. Just a closer, just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh gr Jesus is my flea. [Music] Oh daily walking close to thee. Let it be and dear Lord and let it Let's put our hands together. Come on. We ain't got no drums tonight. I am weak but thou art strong. Oh Jesus, keep me from wrong. And I'll be sisified as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Second verse now through this world of snare. If I falter, Lord, you care. [Music] [Applause] You will be my burden share. [Applause] None but thee and dear Lord and none but thee. Oh yes. Just a closer. Oh yes Lord. Oh great Jesus is my daily walking close to thee. Let me be in dear Lord. Let it be. When my people When my people life is [Music] time for me will be no more. [Music] Oh God, lead gently, safely, oh to thy kingom shore to thy shore and just a closer walk with thee. Grant Jesus is my king. Daily daily walking close to thee. Let it be. Dear Lord, let it be. [Music] Amen. daily walk with saints. Amen. Why don't you greet one another in the name of the Lord tonight? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Did you find the lyrics for that next song, brother? Hallelujah. [Music] I'm used to starting in the Oh, magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Amen. Oh, magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and may the God of my salvation be exalted. and glory, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever. Oh yes. Glory, glory to his name. [Applause] He lives and reigns forever. [Music] Oh yes. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Blessed be the rock and may the God of my salvation be exalt. Jehovah Gyra is his name. He provides all my needs. Oh yes. Jehovah is his name. for he provides all my [Music] blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of myself. One more time. Ohana. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. [Music] Blessed be the rock and be the God of my salvation. Jesus. Hallelujah. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. It's that same sweet spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Dwell in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body in that spirit dwell in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body if that spirit dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Come on now. Oh yes. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body in that spirit dwell in you. Oh, he will quicken your mortal body if that spirit dwell in you. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Luther, if you'd come and take up the offering tonight for us, brother. Just wanted to make um a a quick announcement. Apparently, when I skipped church last Sunday, about a third or maybe closer to a half of the church wasn't here also. So, brother Jason said, um, this Sunday we're going to take up another offering for the building fund. Thank Thank you to those of you who did give already. Um, I'm gonna uh I guess we're going to announce that uh we're announcing that tonight, but we're also going to uh moving forward with the work party, speaking with brother Matt. Um we still didn't get those changes done to the plans that need to be done. And when we moving things for the work party, we're going to be taking the awning down and moving some things around. And it all needs to be really fluid. like everybody's time, everyone needs to be fluid. So that way, you know, at a kind of at not at a moment's notice, but more or less at a moment's notice, Brother Matt can send out a text. Hey brothers, in two days we're going to do this, we're going to do that. We're going to move these pieces. The reason why we're doing that is because we have to coordinate it with our contractor to pour the slab in a timely fashion afterwards. So that way we don't have like if we have high winds and we take that awning down, the awning will be sitting over on the ground over there by brother Matt's house and if a wind catches that, it'll be gone. So we want to it's going to be kind of a little tricky, but I I believe with God by God's grace, we'll be able to get that done. And again, um thank you for your giving toward the building fund. And um I've sent we've sent out a few different um messages about some upcoming um uh building fundraisers. And so we're going to be moving forward with those ideas with my brother Luther. Bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. Uh we also um didn't do the pledge thing. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to have envelopes back there and a piece of paper and the envelopes will have printed on them pledges. So, um, and if you don't get it done before the offering on Sunday, that's okay. We have a basket back there. Um, so you can write on the piece of paper your name and what you want to pledge. And the reason for that is so the trustees can kind of plan what's going to what's going to come in so they can plan accordingly. Basically, that's what that's for. So, they will be back there on the desk by that little box that has a hole, but there'll be a pile of envelopes and then uh some paper to write on and you can put it in the envelope and put it when the offering comes around or you can put in the offering box on the way out. Okay. Love the Lord. Amen. Now, I had a little my wife told me a little funny and it was about a husband and wife and they were already home in glory and um the husband turns to the wife and says, "You know, if if you hadn't got me on that diet, we could have been here 5 years ago, not to eat or whatever, but that's how much better it is over there." Amen. This is just a negative. So, um, I thought that was pretty funny. No, she doesn't have me on a diet. Amen. You have a request upon your heart this evening. Um, you know, God is able, every little request or big request. I have more than one. And I just commit myself to the Lord. He's going to take care of me one way or another. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you. I'm so thankful, Lord, that you reached down your hand and found me, Father. It wasn't in a good place, but you brought me to a good place, Father. Lord, I pray for the requests of each and everyone. Each and every request, you know, Father, that will lift it under those hands. We commit them to you, Father, this evening. And this is Lord, it's also a prayer service. But Lord, we pray for the breaking of the bread, the greatest form of worship. Help us to open our hearts to receive what you have for us, Father. And Lord, as we gather the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver, magnify it to your kingdom, Lord. We love you, Lord. We worship you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Why don't you have your seats? have brother Lennial come if he would sing something for us. He said, I was telling some of the worship leaders or different musicians one time when I was uh up in Ohio leading songs. I um randomly just we used to randomly we didn't have a a deacon that came up and prayed. it was just to call a random brother and um that Wednesday I for whatever reason didn't get to ask anybody before service and this was before the texts and all that so I randomly said hey brother Tom and he was a trustee in the church and everything I said hey would you mind coming up and praying over the offering and these prayer requests and he did the same thing he goes nope and I was like Really? Amen. Come on, Sister Sarah. Don't you give me the All right. Well, you're going to be on the list, Brother Lenny. You're here for a couple weeks, so Amen. [Music] It was such a lovely day. [Music] The sun was shining bright. [Music] A gentle wind was blowing my way. Not a storm cloud in sight. [Music] Then suddenly without warning, [Music] storm surrounded my life. But even in the storm, I can feel the call. And here's the reason why. Cuz I know the peace speaker. I know him by name. I'm glad I know the peace speaker. He controls the winds and the waves. And when he says peace be still, they have to obey. [Music] I'm glad I know the peace speaker. Oh yes, I know him by name. [Music] There's never been another man with the power of this friend. [Music] By simply saying, "Peace be still." He controls the strongest wind. Oh, and that's why I'll never worry when storms come my way. I know that he is near to drive away the fear. So I can smile and say [Applause] I know the peace speaker. I know him by name. I'm glad I know the peace speaker. He controls the wind and the waves. And when he says, "Peace, be still." They have to obey or they have to obey. I'm glad I know the peace speaker. Oh yes, I know him by name. Now I'm glad I know the peace speaker. I know him by name. I'm glad I know the peace speaker. He controls the wind and the wave. And when he says, "Peace, be still." Everything has to stop and obey. It has to oy. I'm glad I know the peace speaker. Oh yes, I know him by name. Cuz he speaks peace. Peace. Wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in fomless pillows of love. He speaks peace. Peace. Oh, it's his wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray. and fathomless billows of love. Oh, he seeks peace, peace. Oh, it's wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in faithless pillows of love. [Music] Praise the Lord. Ready to change over the order of the service. Let's sing that. Oh, draw me Lord. Who wants to be drawn closer to the Lord tonight? Amen. Let's all just lift our hands to him then tonight and sing this song as we invite Brother Jason to come and then brother Andrew to bring the word of God. Oh, draw me Lord. [Music] Oh, draw me Lord. Oh, draw me, Lord, [Music] and I'll run after you. Oh, draw me. Oh, draw me, Lord. Oh me, Lord. [Music] Oh me, Lord, and I'll run [Music] after you. I need you. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] I need you, Lord. So I'll run after you. I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, here's a chance to express it. my all together you Lord and I'll rush and I'll [Music] one more time. Oh, draw me. Oh, draw me. Oh, is that the great desire of your heart tonight? Oh, draw. That's why I'm here. Hallelujah. Granted, Lord. Oh, draw me, Lord. And our after you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You happy to be in God's house tonight? I am exceptionally glad. I was thinking about it all day today. Said, man, when I get in that atmosphere, you ready for your heart's ready for the word? That's the great That's the great secret to real life, friends, is God's word. Bible says he sent his word and healed the people. So whatever your need is tonight, mind, body, soul, whatever it might be in your family, in your life, in your finances, in your health, in your in your commitment, in your perseverance, he sends his word and heals the people. You know, he sends it because he has a people who believe him. You believe him? You believe his word tonight. We're happy to have uh brother uh Andrew here with us tonight, Sister Mariah. And uh your son's name again? Malachi. Malachi. I knew that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Happy to have Malachi. Oh, he's still awake. Praise the Lord. Does he stay awake for daddy's preaching sister? Oh, bud. You're going to have to step it up. Yeah, you preach too slow or something. We all know better than that, don't we? I told Brother Andrew uh today, I sent him a message. I said, "Brother Andrew, you've only got 10 minutes to minister tonight, but then once the Holy Ghost comes, then it switches to unlimited, and then you can take your liberty." Amen. So, how many want the Holy Ghost to have liberty tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing some more of that, Brother Kenny. Draw me, Lord. Draw me. Come on, buddy. Lord, don't have me. Draw me, Lord. Oh, draw me, Lord. Oh, and I'll run [Music] after you. [Music] I need you now. [Music] I need you now. [Music] I need need you, Lord. [Music] So I'll run after you. [Music] Amen. How many's looking to see him tonight? Amen. There's one thing we know that. Amen. Uh the prophet of God infallibly told us over and over that no man has ever heard of the Lord but what wanted to see him. And he said, "If there's a desire in the heart to see him, he will make a way for you to see him." Amen. And I believe here tonight that our hearts are open to see him in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Uh Jesus himself said, "If I be lifted up," he said, "I'll draw all men unto myself." And I believe we've come here tonight to do that one thing, and that is to lift up the name that is above every name, that at that name every knee has to bow and every tongue has to confess. Amen. We say God bless you here this afternoon. And maybe just before we open the word, let's just bow our hearts together here for a word of prayer. Uh maybe you have a special need upon your heart. Something tonight that you would say, "Lord, I need you. I need you to touch my body. I need you to touch my mind. I need a healing in my spirit." Amen. I believe he's here tonight. Let's approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this afternoon, we've not come here out of tradition. We've not come here out of Lord a religious duty. But Father, we've come here because there was a deep calling to the deep. And Lord, your prophet has taught us that before there was a deep calling to the deep, there was a deep to respond. And Lord, I know that before there was a fin on the fish's back, there was a water for it to swim in. Before there was a tree up on the earth, there was an earth for it to grow out of. And Lord, before these believers ever got ready today to come to your house and to worship you, Lord, there was Lord desires in their heart, but Lord, before they ever even got here, Lord, the satisfaction, the satisfying portion to those desires was already provided. And Lord, as we come here tonight, we're not looking to see a man. We're not looking to hear from a man. But Lord, we're looking to see you. We're looking to hear from you tonight, God. And I I commit this service into thy hands, Lord. You've seen every hand that was raised, Father. Lord, behind that hand there is a need. If it's a sickness, oh God, I know you're a healer. Lord, if it's a bondage, I know you're a deliverer. Lord, whatever the need is, oh God, I know that you're more than able to move upon the face of the situation. So Lord, we invite you. Come in this building. Take the preeminence among us. Lord, be the speaker here tonight. Oh God, give us a temporary resurrection, Lord. And father, as we join our faith together, Lord, may we by your spirit and your authority, may we drive out every spirit out of this building that's unlike the Holy Spirit that would try to hinder this meeting in any way, oh God. And Lord, we give this service into thy hands. Have your way among us, Lord. For it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. God bless you this evening. If you have your Bibles, while you're standing with us, we'll invite you to the book of Luke, the 17th chapter. Brother Brad, I've totally lost it in my ear. It's totally gone. Um, in the book of Luke, the 17th chapter, uh, this there it is. That's good. In the book of Luke, the 17th chapter, and we, while you're turning there this evening, we do want to, uh, be sure and greet you all this evening in the name of the Lord. And we want to say it's a real honor and a privilege to be here with you u here on this Wednesday evening. And seemed like just the other day we were here in uh, meetings with you and still uh, thinking over the times in the presence of the Lord. And amen. I know the Lord's been good to us. And we uh just here in the area over at brother uh Perry's this weekend holding some meetings for him. And so we worked out to come by and see you all and sure glad to see the Lord bringing brother Jason right along and he healing virtue. And uh I asked him in the back room. I said, "How long is it before you get back in the pull pit?" And he said, "Well, I'm chomping at the bits." And I'm sure uh Amen. set a preacher down for a month. That's a hard task. Amen. So I'm sure sister Debbie's heard a lot of sermons in the past few days. Amen. But we we sure want to say God bless them this evening. And if you if you have your Bibles, we want to look here in the book of Luke the 17th chapter. And I want to read here in the 26th verse of Luke 17. Uh Jesus here speaking. I know it's a very very familiar scripture as we know it as the world conditions at the time of the second coming of the Lord. And in the 26th verse, it says, "And as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it also be in the days of the son of man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all." Now likewise also it was in the days of Lot. They did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Now listen at the 30th verse. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. Amen. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. I believe we can say this day the scripture is fulfilled. Amen. We ask the Lord this evening that you add the blessings the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this afternoon. I want to hear for just a few moments. I'm mindful that it's a Wednesday night. So we don't want to uh get too longwinded but we do want to uh let the Lord have his way. Amen. But but from those scriptures tonight I want to by the help of the Lord to speak to you here. And if I title this thought I want to speak to you tonight on authoritative uh disciples of the revealed word. Authoritative disciples of the revealed word. You know uh looking at that word authoritative, Webster says it's able it means able to be trusted as being accurate or true. It is to be reliable. Now it means to be very likely to be respected and obeyed. So when something is authoritative, it is able to be trusted. It has been proven to be accurate. It is proven to be true, reliable. And when it is asserted or when it is given forth, it is very likely, amen, to be respected and to be obeyed. Now, brother Brandham actually tells us in the message he said there is two kinds of word. He said there is authoritative word. He said then there's unauthoritative word. And we know as believers, amen, that we are not under obligation to follow anything that has not been vindicated by the Lord Jesus Christ. We're not following anything. We're not believing anything that has not been vindicated. Amen. To be thus sayaith the Lord from the word of God. Now, uh when you think of this here in Luke 17:30, very powerful scripture. He said, "Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed." Now, what I love about that, amen, is the son of man is not learned, the son of man is not memorized, the son of man is not found, son of man is not uh uh educated, the son of man is revealed. So when the day and the days when the son of man is revealed, now that word revealed, it means to uncover. It means to lay open that which has been veiled or covered up. It means to disclose, to make bear, to make known, to make manifest. It means to disclose before what was unknown. So at one time, amen, the son of man was disclosed. The son of man was unknown. The son of man was veiled. The son of man, amen, had not been yet manifested or made known. Therefore, we could not follow something that had not been revealed. Amen. But in the prophet's message in 1964, he preaches an entire sermon and he calls it the unveiling of God. Now, very powerful sermon. In his opening comment, he said, "My subject this morning is to reveal or to unveil that God." Amen. My subject is to reveal or to unveil that God. Now, how many will agree that when something is revealed or is unveiled, Amen, it must be of great importance. Amen. It must be of something of value that it was covered up so long, Amen. that nobody could see it, nobody could understand it, nobody could look upon it. Amen. But all of a sudden it moves from being re from being hidden and disclosed to being revealed and unveiled. And I believe when something has been revealed or has been unveiled, Amen. If it has been revealed and unveiled from God, Amen. that it should take the preeminence in the church. Now I believe as the prophet said in the unveiling of God, I'm just going to lay a foundation for a moment. He said paragraph 60, he came in three sons names. How many agrees? He came in three sons name. He came in the name of the son of man, the son of David and the son of God. He came first in the son of man because he was a prophet. See now Jehovah himself called Ezekiel and the prophet son of man. Amen. What seeest thou? Now Jesus never referred to himself as the son of God. He referred to himself as the son of man because the scriptures cannot be broken. The reason he referred to himself as the son of man is because all the way back in Deuteronomy the 18th chapter. Amen. The Bible said that the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet. Amen. That would be likened unto me. Now that was Moses speaking but he was speaking on the behalf of God. And the prophet picks it up and said so he could not come calling himself the son of God because it wasn't that dispensation. So now we find amen that there is a dispensation. Amen. the son of man will be revealed. He was the son of man prophesying. Amen. To fulfill and the revealing to them all the things that had been done and typed what he was. Amen. When he was here on earth as son of man. So there is a direct connection between son of man and prophetic office. There there is a direct connection between the son of man. Amen. And the foretelling of the future events. Now amen. I'm trying not to preach but I feel you pulling already. Amen. But pray tell me what other message come. Amen. And the climax a years of his ministry. Amen. Was not pointing you back to the past. Amen. Was not even showing you the present but was pointing you to the future. Then sermons like modern events are made clear by the prophecy. Amen. The future home. Things that are to be the rapture. Amen. Where are these coming from? They are coming from a prophetic anointing. Listen church. And they're coming to a prophetic people. Then if there's a prophetic message, Amen. There's got to be a prophetic class of people. Amen. To receive the revealing of the prophetic word. Listen. He came as the prophet and they crucified him. His own crucified him. He came as the son of man. Then after the Holy Spirit came, he was then the son of God. God is a spirit. So he was the Holy Spirit, the son of God. And he lived through the church ages as the son of God. He said, "But now in the millennium, he'll come as the son of David." Amen. Setting up on the throne of his father David. He is the son of David. Right? But remember between the son of God in the leodysian church age they put him out. Amen. But in Luke he said he would be revealed again. Amen. As a son of man. Amen. Son of man son of God. Son of David. But between I know you know these things but I'm going somewhere. Between the son of God and the son of David. It took a prophet to come on the scene and find Amen. Luke 17:30 and say he will be the fulfilling the rest of it. See the scriptures is perfectly together. The son of man, the son of God, the son of David. What was it? It's the same God all the time just changing his form in morphe. He just changed it. See, it's a great drama to him. He's just acting it out. Amen. So what he So, so it was not one God and the son of D, son of man, then another God and the son of God, and then another God and the son of David. Amen. But it was the same God. Amen. from Genesis to Revelation. It's the same God from 47 to 65. It's the same God. Amen. Only changing his mask or revealing himself in another portion. Now, uh I know I'm I'm I'm going a little bit slow here, but I'm doing this on purpose to lay a foundation in the message. The prophet of God, thank you, brother. The prophet God said here in the called out, very powerful sermon if you want to hear it on on the son of man in 1958. Jesus said when the son of man is revealed from heaven said the son of man is now being revealed from heaven. See he said will it come after a while brother Brandham? It is now. The son of man has already come from glory and is revealing himself for the past few years to his church in mercy. Amen. Showing them his great presence doing the same things that he did when he was here on earth. Amen. Revealing himself like he did to Abraham before the destruction. So when you see the son of man, amen, according to the scripture, it's the time, amen, of when you see the son of man revelation, it's the time of destruction. Now listen, it does not take a genius to realize America has fallen apart. Amen. Our government's done fall apart. Amen. Our presidents and and everything is falling apart. Amen. But if it's a destruction time, amen, it must be the time for the son of man, amen, to come on the scene and to reveal himself, amen, not to his bride in judgment, amen, but to his bride in mercy. It is the rise of the sun 65. He said, now who is this son of man? He said, in the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God, and the word was made flesh. And if all the teaching that we have and confirmation of the word of God, amen, by word of God, by signs, by wonders, we see today in Luke 17:30, Malachi 4, different scriptures we are acquainted with. Amen. That the word again is waved over the people. Amen. The son of man is the word. Amen. Again, waved over the people. That the dead traditions of man is dead and the son of God is alive again. Somebody shout, he's alive. alive again with the baptism of the Holy Spirit right among us and is giving us life. So we have just identified amen the source of life that is coming into the church. It is not coming from a creed. It is not coming from a denomination. It is coming from the revelation of the son of man in the age that you're living in. Listen friends, without this message, we might as well shut the doors. Amen. and padlock the building and turn off the power because there'll be another dead church with another dead idea. But if this is the revealing and I believe it is of the son of man. Amen. Then there's a power in this word. There's an anointing in this word. There's an authority in this word. Listen, there's healing in this word. There's miracles in this word. Listen, I'm not here waving to you tonight. Amen. What some bishop told me to bring you from some general counsel somewhere. I am waving to you the very presence of Jesus Christ the word waved again over the people that the dead traditions of man is dead and the revelation of his living has come into his church. Another place he said when their eyes were open they knew him. He said when you see the son of man revealed what will it be? The word come back in human flesh. Amen. The revealing of the son of man is the word coming back in human flesh. Voice of the sign 64. He reads Luke 17:30 and says, "The son of man is prophesied to be revealed." And what kind of revelation will it be? It will be the revelation of his living. Amen. After being crucified, 1900 years, but is raised from the dead and is alive with us. He will be revealed. It will be the revealing Christ in the promise of his age. Can I give you another one? I have heard, but now I see. In that day when the son of man is being revealed, a son of man, amen, Jesus Christ made manifest among his people. Amen. A son of man. Amen. Revealing the son of man. Prophet gave you a whole quote on it and the only ones at the end time. He said, "What is it?" Not the angel is the son of man. Amen. But the messenger is revealing the son of man. See, can you get it separated now? That's where it seems to be hard for you. It's not the son of man himself. Amen. the seventh angel, seventh messenger. It's revealing to the public the son of man because it's left the shack. It cannot organize. It's the grain itself again. Amen. Another place he said, you might have thought today I was trying to uh to say this about myself that I'm packing the message. I have no more to do with it than nothing. See, no more than just a voice, my voice against my better judgment. I wanted to be a trapper. Amen. But it's the will of my father that I declare to do. Amen. and am determined to do. So, Brother Brandham did not go find the son of man and say, "Can I reveal you?" He He didn't go find the son of man and say, "Will you use my voice to reveal your coming?" Amen. He didn't go find the son of man. Amen. The son of man come and found him. Amen. Because you don't find the son of man. Amen. The son of man reveals himself. Amen. To the seed of the promise of the age you're living in. Listen friends, it isn't me. He said it wasn't the seventh angel. It was the manifestation of the son of man. See, the angel was not the son of man. He was the messenger from the son of man. The son of man is Christ. He is the one you're feeding on. You're not feeding on a man. His words will fail. Amen. But you are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. You are not feeding on a man. You are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. Now you all know here tonight that brother Brandon preaches an entire sermon and calls it Christ is revealed in his own word. Right? And in that sermon he says the whole Bible, amen, is not the word of a man. Neither was it wrote by man or or neither was it he said brought by man. Neither can it be revealed by man. It's God's word revealed by God himself. Amen. The word revealed by God himself. See himself his own interpreter. Amen. It's Christ revealing himself in his own word. Now, I want to I want to just drop something in here to you. Amen. That God does the revealing and we do the following. God does the revealing and we do the following. See, what is that making? That is making Christ the revealer and making us the followers. Now, in the message unveiling of God, paragraph 37, he said you have to do something. Amen. To cause something to follow it. So you don't just follow something just to be following something. Amen. But what you're following has performed an action. Amen. That has caught your attention and it's actually pulled you to follow in. Listen. Amen. If you're if you're if you're walking down the road and you get distracted and you see something, you didn't just turn and start walking to the left. Amen. Something caught your attention and it pulled you over there and it drawled you. Listen, whatever draws you had more power than what you was with. Whatever got your attention had more power than what you were walking with. Come on, church. Amen. You know where I'm going. Some of you was walking with a Baptist and you was walking with a Pentecostal and you was walking with all kinds of denomination. Amen. And they couldn't satisfy you. Amen. They could not fulfill the craving in your soul. Amen. But in the end time, in the days of the revealing of the son of man, Jesus Christ, the word would be waved over the people again. And it would be so powerful that a prophet would call it what is the attraction on the mountain. He would say what is taking place? It is God fulfilling his word. Listen friends, you're not a part of Bethl Tabernacle. Amen. For some youth program. You're not a part of this church because of some some little basketball team somewhere. You're a part of this church because the revealing of the son of man has come across your life and it's a quickened seed in your soul and has pulled you from the thing you was walking with. Listen, you didn't stop walking, you just changed partners. You didn't stop dancing, you just changed partners. You didn't stop running, you just changed tracks. You was walking with denomination, but now you're walking with Christ. You was walking with a creed. Amen. But now you're walking with reality. You was walking with religion. Amen. But now you are walking in a spiritual relationship with Jesus Christ. Listen, you didn't find this. It found you. You didn't choose yourself. God chose you. You did not claim this revelation. This revelation claimed you. Jesus said, "If any man will come after me," you know what he said, Brother Brad? He said, "Let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me." Let him deny himself. Let him take up his cross and let him follow me. John or Luke 18:22, he said to the to the rich young ruler, he said, "Yet lackest thou one thing. Sell all thou hast and distribute it unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. Watch these words. And come follow me. Amen. I've given you two scriptures where Jesus, he admonishes you to leave what you're with and come follow him. Amen. Amen. Leave the idea and come follow Christ. Amen. Amen. Deny yourself and come follow Christ. Now, that word follow it, it it really, brother Jason, it just jumps out at me. That word follow it means to follow one who proceeds. It means to join him as an attendant. It means to accompany him. It means to join one as a disciple. It means to join one as a disciple. It means to become or to be his disciple. It means to side with his party. So when you follow something, you are leaving something. To take sides with something. Amen. And to join yourself to it. Amen. You are becoming a disciple of it. Listen friends. Amen. A prophet preached an entire sermon called taking sides. Amen. With Jesus. How many will raise your hand and say tonight I've done took sides with Jesus. I'm not taking sides with a church. I'm not taking sides with a group. I'm not taking sides with a personality. Amen. I am taking sides with Jesus Christ who is the son of man. Amen. Who is the living breathing revelation and presence in this hour? Yes, sir. You say, "Preacher, I want to follow God. I want the leadership of God." Well, the prophet emphatically says, "Amen. The leadership of God is," Amen. Follow the vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Ghost. Listen, church, when something has been vindicated, Amen. You got a right to follow it. Amen. Come on, church. And you got to follow it through the good times. I'm going to preach a little bit tonight. Amen. You got to follow it through the bad times. Sometimes it'll get hard. Sometimes it'll get hot. Sometimes it'll get dry. Sometimes it'll get dusty. Amen. But if you have left the other thing and you have joined yourself as an attendant to the revelation of the son of man, it don't matter how high the mountain is. It doesn't matter how low the valley is. It doesn't matter how lonely the condition is. If you have been joined to the revelation of the son of man, you will follow him when the bank account's full. And you will follow him when it's empty. You will follow him when everything's going good. And you will follow him when everything's falling apart. Amen. Because you are not. Amen. A picnic following God's servant. You are a follower of God regardless. If it's a picnic, you'll follow him. If it's a battlefield, you'll follow him. You have been joined as a disciple to the son of man. Listen, I want to say it as plain as I know how. We have been made disciples. Can you agree with me? We've been made disciples. You know what we're disciples of? We are disciples of Christ. People say, "Well, how can I be a disciple? Have I got to be born of Yachts? Have I got to be born of Watkins? Have I got to be born of a Biscll? Have I got to be born of Puit? Have I got to be born of Reagan?" Amen. To be a disciple of Christ, you got to be born of the word. Come on, church. Amen. Jesus said, "If you be my disciples," Amen. If you continue in my word, Amen. "Then are ye my disciples." So the requirement to be a disciple is the ability to continue in the word. Well, glory to God. I feel like preaching there for a minute. Amen. The desirement to be a disciple is the ability to continue in the word. You see, sometimes it's going to be hard, but we'll continue in the word. Sometimes it's going to be it's going to it's going to go against our own reason and our own understanding, but we're going to continue in the word because the disciples today have been given the commission like the disciples of old. And that is to bring the seeker of God into the presence of God. He said, see, don't bring them into some affiliation. Don't bring them in the presence of some church or some creed or some doctrine. Amen. Bring them into the presence of Christ. Amen. Now, you all know that there's two types of disciples, right? Amen. There's a true disciple and then there's a false disciple. And I just want to read you here a little something. I found a Bible commentary. Not not not uh not of authority. So, take it, leave it, whatever. But here I just want to share it with you. It means in Christianity. Amen. It is disciple primarily refers to a dedicated follower of Jesus. This term is found in the New Testament only in the gospels and the acts. In the ancient world, amen, a disciple is a follower or an adherent of a teacher. Now watch this. Disciplehip is not the same as being a student in the modern sense. Amen. So disciplehip does not necessarily mean you're a student. Amen. a disciple in the ancient Bible world. Amen. Actively imitated both the life and the teaching of the master. So you were not just a follower of the teaching. Amen. But you was a follower of the life. You were not just dedicated to the teaching. Amen. But you was dedicated to the life. And the prophet of God said, "We've had hundreds of denominations. We've had hundreds of Bible schools." Amen. But what the world is crying for tonight is to see the literal life of Jesus Christ. Amen. come back on display. I would tonight, friends, and we would forget about trying to be the biggest, smartest, most educated, amen, most best quote quoter. And let us come back to a reality, amen, that there's more to this message than memorizing quotes. There's more to this message than arguing points and fussing over little doctrines. Amen. There's a life that has been brought back to the church through the revealing of the son of man. Listen friends, the blood cell has broken and the life of Jesus Christ has been released upon the church. We're not here just trying to imitate the teaching. We can actually live the life. Yes, we can live the life of the master. I love this part. It was a deliberate apprenticeship which made the fully formed disciple. Amen. A living copy of the master. Woo. That's a preaching point for about an hour right there, brother Matt. Amen. It was a deliberate apprenticeship which made the fully formed disciple. Amen. A living copy of the master. Listen friends, you know what a disciple does? A disciple does two things. A disciple follows and a disciple leads. A disciple follows, but a disciple also leads. You say, "How do they lead?" Amen. They lead by what they're following. Come on, church. A disciple leads by what? If you are a disciple, you're not leading by your own ideas. You're not leading by the way you see things. You are leading by the revealing of the word of the age that you're living in. Listen, I want to say it as plain as I know how. We are not denominational disciples. We are not personality disciples. We are not Come on, church. We are not political agenda disciples. Amen. Listen, it's got to get down to where you're going to stand with this message if you got to stand by yourself. Come on, church. Amen. I know a lot of things going on, but don't you forget God sent a prophet. Amen. I know there's a lot of directions and a lot of different approaches, but don't you ever forget that God who is rich in mercy loved you enough to keep his word and send you a prophet that would have eyes to see the future, that would have a mouth to confess what he was saying. Listen friends, we are not helplessly, hopelessly staggered, amen, through Leoa. Amen. But the revelation of the son of man has pulled us from the confusion into a clear understanding. And we got spiritual ears to hear. We got a spiritual heart to believe. We got a spiritual eye to see. And we're following and imitating. We are on a fully formed apprenticeship with the master himself. Listen, you couldn't do this in the Baptist church. You couldn't do this in the Methodist church. But when the son of man is revealed, his nature will be revealed. His characteristics will be revealed. the way he conducts himself will be revealed and you can become a fully formed disciple. Well, glory to God. Amen. If you was a Baptist disciple, you'd be a fully formed Baptist disciple. You'd be saying a million more in 44. You'd be saying all kinds of things. But if you are a disciple of Christ, here's what a prophet said. He said, "You will take them to Christ and then Christ will take them to Calvary." If you are a disciple of Christ, you will take them to Christ. Amen. And Christ will take them to Calvary. Listen, the prodigal God said it very plainly. We are not denominational disciples. We are disciples of Christ. Now, I I know sometimes, amen, that we might forget, Amen. But I just want to remind you tonight that we are blessed to be following this message. My Bible says, "Blessed be the Lord who daily loadeth us with benefits." Amen. even the God of our salvation. You know what I like about that, brother Daniel, is it's not once a month. It's not once a year. It's not in a special convention. It's not in a special youth meeting. It's not when a special speaker comes to town. Amen. But he daily loadth us, Amen. with benefits. Even the God of our salvation. Now, if you start talking about benefits, we'll be here this time next week. Amen. There's no way to cover, Amen. all the benefits that God has given the church. But I want to just pull one here to you for a moment. Amen. It's the benefit of having the revealed word and following it. Amen. The benefit of having the revealed word and following it. And I want to say I believe, Amen, that we have the revealed word. I don't believe we're looking for it. I don't believe God's going to send a messenger to bring it. I do not believe there's an eighth age coming or come on church. There's not an eighth messenger coming. We are right here tonight. Amen. in possession of the revealed word of Jesus Christ. We have not got to stumble around like a Catholic. Amen. And rely upon what somebody said about the word. Amen. But the author himself has come into the church to speak lip to ear with this bride. There is no more question marks over this word. It is a period. It is a yay. It is an amen. We have received a thorough complete revelation of Jesus Christ. We don't just have it in book form. We don't just have it in tape form. We don't just have it in picture form. Well, I feel like shouting right there. Amen. We don't just have it, Amen. on our MP3s and our computers. Amen. But we have the message in flesh form tonight. Come on, church. And do you know how we have the message in flesh form? Is because the revelation of the son of man pulled you. And you've been through some trials. You've been through some hard things. And the following of this revelation has molded a character in you that the devil can't talk you out of what God has revealed to you. The following of this word has put something in you that hard times can't take out. Yes, sir. Because it's having the revealed word and following it. Now, when you look at this word benefit, another word for benefit is privilege. And that word privilege means a special right. Advantage, immunity granted or available only to a particular person or group. It is an advantage. It is a right. It is a benefit, an entitlement, birthright due freedom and liberty. So when you have a privilege, you have a freedom. Amen. When you have a privilege, you have a liberty. When you have a privilege, you have a birthright. I love what David said. He said, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his privileges. Forget not all of his birthright. Forget not all of his liberty. Forget not all of his benefits." Another place David says, "What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits towards me?" Now, somebody might say, "Who is the most privileged people on the earth today?" Well, can I tell you who they are? The bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. The bride of Jesus Christ is the most privileged people on the face of the earth. Remember said since the open of them seven seals of them angels just yonder behind the mountain. Amen. This has become a new book. It's the thing that's been hid is being revealed as God promised in Revelation 10 he would do. And we are somebody say we are. We are the privileged people that God has chosen of the earth that we might see and understand these things which is not some mythical fleshly mind of a person trying to make it up. It's the word of God made manifest. Amen. Proven that it's right. See then what are you saying preacher? I'm saying, amen, that the message of the hour is the end of guesswork. The message of the hour is the end of probability. Amen. The message of the hour is the end of guessing. It's the end of hoping. It's the end of probing. It's the end of poking. It's the end of searching. It's the end of hunting. When the message of the hour is revealed, it becomes the absolute to the bride of Jesus Christ. Now, I'm just going to take you the Bible on it. Amen. Paul said it very plainly in 1 Corinthians 15, he said, "Why stand we in jeopardy every hour?" Why stand we in jeopardy every hour? Amen. He says in Philippians 3:9, he said, "Being found in him, not having my own righteousness which is of the law." Amen. But that which is through the faith of Christ. Amen. The righteousness which is of God by faith. I love these next words. That I may know him. Verse 10. That I may know him. Somebody say it with me. that I may know him. It didn't say that I may guess at him, brother Matt. It didn't say that I may hope at him. Amen. That I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings. Look at that last part. Being made conformable unto his death. Come on, church. Who's he speaking about? He's talking about authoritative disciples. He's talking about disciples who are going to walk with Jesus and through their walk is going to be their dying. They're going to die to themselves. They're going to die to their ideas. They're going to die to their ambitions until the very life of Jesus Christ be formed in them as a witness that our God is not in a grave in Jerusalem. He is alive and well. Come on, church. The mighty God is not dead. He is unveiled. Where is he unveiled at? He is unveiled in his human temple. He is unveiled in the flesh of his bride. Oh, y'all forgive me for a second. I've been listening to mighty God unveiled over and over and over and it's about to get a hold of me right now. Are you hearing me church? He's not dead. He's been unveiled. Come on, church. Brother said, "If the spirit of John Dillinger was in you, you would do the you would do the deeds of John Dillinger." He said, "If Beethoven was in you, you would do the things that Beethoven done." He said, "But since Jesus Christ is in you," he said, "the works that I do shall ye do." Come on. I don't believe people ought to have to pay $5,000 and fly to Israel to see the empty grave. I think they ought to be able to look at you and see what's in the grave is in you. I think they ought to be able to look at these bride members of these disciples and see what was in the book of Mark is in you. Sister Debbie, what was in the book of Luke is in you. Brother Jason, what was in the book of Matthew is in you. Come on, young people. Amen. They're looking for Christ. The world is looking for disciples. You know what they wear? They wear disciples of Christ bracelets. And I'm just going to step on some toes, but I'm going to preach anyhow. Amen. A disciple of Christ, amen, does not mean you open up a hospital. It does not mean you feed the poor. It does not mean you clothe the naked, those who are part of it. Amen. But a disciple of Christ means that you have died to yourself. And the very teaching and the very life of the master has come into you. And it is on display by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, which is none other than the token itself. Listen friends, it's token time. It's time to let the world know our God is not dead. He's alive and well. He's moving in his church. He's healing in his church. He's breathing in his church. And we are the disciples who have been made conformable under his image. Yes, sir. I know him. Somebody say, I know him. I know him in the power of his resurrection. Now, one of my favorite quotes, Reb said, "We're thankful for the faith." Amen. The evidence, something within us that tells us. Watch this. "And we know." There's a faith in us. Brother Brad, there's an evidence in us. There's something within us that tells us. And we know there's no more guesswork in it. There's no more guesswork in it. Brother JD, we've had for years, he says, the word of God, right? We've had the Bible. We've had the word of God for years. But watch a prophet turn a dispensational corner and say, "But now we got the God of the word." For years, we had the word of God. Amen. But now we've got the God of the word. What brought the God of the word back on the earth again? In the days when the son of man is revealed from heaven, it will be a revelation. Amen. Of the author himself coming in the church to answer the questions. [Applause] Somebody asked me one time, they said, "But Andrew," they said, "why do you why do you preach with such assurance that you know?" I said, "Because I've talked to the author." They said, "Well, how can you preach, Amen, with such authority?" Because I've talked to the author. And if I got a question, I don't go consult brother Google. And I don't go consult sister Safari. Amen. I go in my office and I sit down in the presence of God and I consult the author himself. Come on, church. You know I'm in the message. Mighty God unveiled. He said, "We've had for years the pillar of fire," he said, "that wrote the Bible." He said, "But the same pillar of fire that wrote the Bible is the same pillar of fire that is here interpreting the Bible." Listen friends, the author and the interpreter are the self-same person. If you got a question, ask the author. Now, y'all know my wife, she's an author, so she writes a book and you read one of her books and maybe something there says little something you don't quite understand. You know what you can do, Brother Joe? You don't have to live with questions about what she meant. When the author comes in the room, you can take her book to her. You can point out the page. You can point out the character and say, "When you wrote this, what did you mean?" And if she's under the inspiration of it, she'll reveal to you what she meant. Come on, church. The same inspiration that was on her to write it will be the same inspiration on her to reveal it. and church of living God. Amen. The same inspiration that wrote the Bible has returned to the church in the last days. Amen. To interpret the Bible. Listen, he's not doing it through some school. He's not doing it through some education. He's doing it through trial after trial and test after test and trial after trial and test after test until the very image of Jesus Christ is molded into you. Yes, sir. We've had the word of God. Amen. But now we got the God of the word. See, he's right here living his word out. Then you know what I believe tonight as Christians? I believe we should be notified and not guessing. Well, that's a quote said things are to be. He said, speaking over in Yuma, I spoke on the subject of rapture, I could say now, how many of you as Christians, how many of you here as Christians? He said, probably every hand would go up. You're a Christian. And so, if we're Christians, he said, then I think we ought to kindly be notified ahead. We don't have to guess at it. We're notified what our destination will be. So, we're not living our lives in jeopardy every hour wondering if we draw our final breath, where are we going? Amen. If if this is the final day, we get out of bed, where are we going to where's our destination going to be? We have received a message with an instruction with a notification. There is going to be a rapture that's in the future. Then, if that has come to us, Amen. Then the sending of a prophet is not in the future. It's in the past. Amen. The revealing of Malachi 4 is not in the future. It's in the past. Come on, church. Amen. The cloud is not in the future. It's in the past. Come on, church. The bridge is not in the future. It's in the past. I'm preaching to you now. Come on, church. A Amen. The boy being raised up in Finland. It's not in the future. It's in the past. But what is the devil using? Amen. to stop people from following this revealed word. He's using things that's already been fulfilled and trying to find discrepancies in them and bring little things to your attention. Amen. And get your eyes off of the future and get your eyes on the past. Because if you get your eyes on the past, you will miss the future. But I want to let that devil know there is a bride on the earth who is not stopping. Amen. To hear your questions. She's not stopping. Amen. To hear your reasons. She has been conformed by the revelation to be a disciple. And she will follow this master when she don't understand certain things. She will follow the teachings of the master when it gets a little bit hard to follow because she's not here for a picnic. She's here for a body change. She's here for a deliverance. She's here for a theophony to come in and set up on her in the moment in the twinkle of an eye. Oh yes sir. We are not we are not stopping because of the past. We are pressing into the future service by service by service. Day by day, hour by hour, we are moving into the future. You know what we're not doing, brother Jason? We're not guessing about it. We're not probing into it. The days of guesswork are over. Have I got any authoritative disciples here tonight? The days of guesswork are over. Prophet God said, "We're not guessing about our destination." Look at this ministry explained 50. He said faith is a positive sense. It's not a guesswork. You don't just imagine it. Look here. Faith in the son of God. 52. Psychology is a perfect guesswork. It's a shot in the dark. But almighty God's spirit is perfect. So anybody tell you we need psychology, you can ask them, do we need a perfect shot in the dark or do we need the evening light that has lighted the path to follow God in righteousness? Now another place you said here, think that after 2,000 years has passed by, the Lord Jesus is just as much alive tonight as he was back there still with the church. The second piece of the covenant is here with us. the Holy Ghost. He is riding out and doing the very same things that he did when he was here on earth. He said, "A little while the world see me no more, yet you shall see me. For I will be with you to the end of the world." Oh, it thrills our heart to know there is no more guesswork. Amen. It's all over. It's finished. When Jesus died, sin wasn't covered. It was divorced and done away with. And then he emptied paradise and led captive captive and gave gifts unto men. The Old Testament saints went with him after his resurrection. Appeared in the city, appeared before many people that was in the city. Matthew 27. And after Jesus resurrection, the old saints of the Old Testament, they come out of the graves and went into glory with the Lord Jesus according to Matthew 27. And now when we go, somebody say when we go, when we go into the presence of the father, waiting the second coming of the Lord, now there's no more guesswork in it. Come on, church. Amen. You don't just have to live with authoritative revelation here and then die and go to purgatory. There is no such thing, brother Tony. There is no such thing as purgatory. Amen. Amen. When you die, remember said death doesn't change. It only dwells your dwell changes your dwelling place. Right? Amen. So if you live with confidence here and you don't go by the way of the rapture, you go by the way of the grave. Amen. You will not be in the grave or be in the nether dimension. Amen. Wondering about what your future's going to be. You will be standing there with a stronger assurance then than you have right now. Come on. I can prove it to you in the message beyond the curtain of time. The prophet God said when I went over there, he said, I stood there and he said, they come running up to me. Oh, our precious brother. Had you not went, we would not be here. He said, I asked him, where's Jesus? I want to see him. They said, now he's a little bit higher than us. Amen. He said, well, where's Paul? He said, now what'll happen is someday when God comes to get to get those in alive, Amen. You'll come and you'll gather with your people and you'll go in with your people and you as a leader you will be judged. Now watch this. As a leader you will be judged. You know what they said? He said, "Well, will Paul be judged?" They said, "Absolutely." He said, "Well, then praise God." He said, "Because where Paul said to baptize, I baptize. Where Paul said to pray, I pray." He said, "I preach what Paul said." Now look what they done. They turned around and said, "Listen, brother Brandham, we will go in and we'll go in according to your teaching." They said, "And you'll be judged." And now watch this. You'll be judged. And notice they didn't say if you're accepted. They said, "You will be accepted and we will go in according to your teaching." Listen, friends. Amen. The revealing of the son of man has brought an authority into the church. We are not living our lives in jeopardy. We are living every day facing devils with authoritative power, with authoritative anointing. Yes, sir. We're not here as a bunch of wishy-washy church members. We know who we are. We know who we have believed. We know where we come from. We know where we're standing. And if breath leaves our body this very moment, we know that someday we will be resurrected and we will reign with Jesus in the throne as the overcomers of this age because our eyes have seen the revealing. Oh, somebody shout, "We know." We know. We're not guessing. We know. Yes, sir. You say, "Preacher, can you prove that?" I can. Amen. When Jesus, there was a connection between authority and resurrection. Brother Brad, there's a direct connection between authority and resurrection. When Jesus went to the grave of Lazarus, he said, "Now he's dead." They thought he was taken asleep. He said, "He's dead, and for your sake, I'm glad I wasn't there." Watch these words. But I go wake him. That's shout material, brother Jason. Amen. I go wake him. Oh my. It wasn't though. Amen. I'll go and see if I can. I'll go and make a triad. But I'll go and wake him. For he knew. Amen. God had showed him by a vision that Lazarus was going to come forth out of the grave. And it wasn't no guesswork. Anytime that God shows a vision of what's going to happen, it's going to be exactly that way. If the visions come from God, it just has to be. Come on, church. All that was in God, he poured into Christ. So the authority, Brother Joel, and the confidence and the assurance that was in God, he had morphed into Christ. And when Jesus anointed with the Christ, walked down to the grave of Lazarus, he did not walk down there, brother Jason, and perform psychology. He did not go down there and perform a perfect shot in the dark and say, "Well, maybe there's something to work with." Come on, church. Amen. I ain't going to preach all night, but give me a little bit of liberty for a few minutes. Are you hearing me? He didn't go down there and say, "Now, he's been there four days, and I know his nose has probably fell in. Skin worms have destroyed his body." I guarantee you, brother, there's nothing to work with. I guarantee you, Laz, no. He went down there and knew who he was. And he squared his shoulders back and he said, "Lazarus, come forth." And a man who had been dead in the ground for four days stinking rose up and breathed the breath of life again and stood up on his feet and marched out of the grave as a testimony. Come on church as a testimony. I was dead but I am alive. You want to you want me preaching for a second? I'll guarantee you what Lazarus become. He become an authoritative disciple on the resurrection. I guarantee you when you saw Lazarus Amen. You didn't ask him, Lazarus, is there any hope after the grave? I guarantee you, Lazarus had to be put in the corner every service cuz he wanted to preach about the resurrection power of Jesus Christ. And that's why you will not shut this bride up. She has met him through the same power of resurrection. And she will not be backed off of her promise. If she got to come five times, she'll come five. If she got to come 10, she'll come 10. She will not lay down and live her life in jeopardy when she has been called by the revelation to be an authoritative disciple. What are you getting at, preacher? I'm saying our authority comes by knowledge. Now, here's come here going to be some knowledge for you. Okay, I got 6 minutes and 28 seconds left. Some of y'all just smiled for the first time on that. No, just kidding. Authority comes by knowledge. If you have no knowledge, you have no authority. Prophet of God said in in Moses 19:50, it's the authority of knowing, not guessing, but knowing. My redeemer liveth and today he lives supremely in our lives and there's no more guessing about it. Ain't that good, brother? There's no more guessing about it. He lives supremely in our lives and there's no more guessing about it. Come on, church. That don't just take the guest out of your shout. That don't just take the guest out of your dance. That takes the guest out of your confession. Come on, sir. I believe it. Y'all know that. I believe in shouting and dancing. Amen. But sometimes, Amen. When we get done shouting and dance, we need to remember we got to confess. We got to confess the word. We got to confess. Come on, church. It's easy to shout when the atmosphere gets right. But what about when you get up on Monday morning and you went to the prayer line and said, "I need a healing in my body." And the man of God laid his hand on you and the Holy Ghost fell upon you and for the first time in a few days you shouted all across the church and you woke up on Monday morning and you raised up and there was that old pain again and here come old Sloohoot and he said did you really get anything? Did you really get that's not the time amen to lay down and second guess that's the time to manifest as a fully formed disciple amen of Jesus Christ. That's the time amen to express your authority. That's the time to say yes, brother. Brother JD, the pain is still there, but Jesus Christ, the son of God, healed me of this infirmity. Brother Jason, oh, I know the devil wear you out. Amen. Man of God, preacher. Amen. Surely it shouldn't have got this bad where you had to take a month off. Oh, but you just wait till he gets back in the pull pit. Come on, church. Amen. You know why? Because we're not finicky disciples. We are not disciples. When things are going good, he'll mount this pull pit in a few days. And the devil will wish he never even said the word singles. You know why? Because there's an authority and has been deposited into a son of God as a disciple. What about some of you all right here tonight? The devil's trying to get you to ignore the word and trying to tell you you failed here and you thought this and you said that. Amen. But won't you exercise your authority tonight and remind that devil who you are? You are not a psychologist. You are not a guesser. You are not a church member. You are an authoritative disciple. You've been through the trials. You have been through enough to be qualified. Oh God, today he supremely lives in our lives and there's no more guessing about it. I love this one. In this day, there's no more guessing. Thou hast made thyself known. Amen. Can I Can I have a few minutes and tie this together? Thou hast made thyself known. Now come on, church. He said, "And blessed be thy name for doing so." In the days when the son of man is uncovered, in the days when the son of man is unveiled. Come on now. In the days when the son of man it is closed, thou will make thyself known and blessed be thy name for doing so. Can I can I can I give you some stuff to fight with in closing? Would that be okay? Will you say this with me? Our authority Our authority is Jesus Christ. Our authority is Jesus Christ. Our authority is Jesus Christ. What are you doing? I'm showing you how to use your confession. Our authority is Jesus Christ. Come on. It's easy to confess right now, but you're going to have to confess it when you go out those doors. Come on now. You have to confess it when you get home tonight and those habits and besetting sins are staring you in the face. You got to stand there as an authoritative disciple and say, "But my authority is not a Baptist church. It's not a Pentecostal idea. My authority is Jesus Christ." Somebody shout Jesus. Our authority is Jesus Christ. He said, "Remember now, there is no more power." He said, "There is no power none of these ministers. There is no power in me. There is no power in any man to heal. But we have authority from God to do this. There's no power in me. There's no power in these ministers. There's no power in any man. But we have the authority from God to do this. We don't have power. We have authority. He is our authority. God's word and the presence of Jesus Christ. Amen. Proves that he's here. You know why the devil hates fighting you? is cuz you don't just have the word of God, but you got the God of the word with you. When the devil sees you, he does not just see a Bible. He does not just see a quote book, but he sees the God of the word in flesh. What are you saying? I'm saying what Jesus was questioned about in Matthew 7:28. It came to pass when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine. Watch this. For he taught them as one having authority and not as the scribes. He taught them, brother Lenuel, as one having the authority and not as one of the scribes. Do you realize in Luke 4, Jesus heals and delivers a demon-possessed person. And the Bible says in verse 36, they were all amazed and spake among themselves, saying, "What a word. What a word is this? For with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits, and they come out. What a word is this. Somebody say with me, what a word is this? What a what a word. Do you realize that's the same word that's been waved again over the people? Do you realize that's the same word that's been waved over the people that the dead traditions of man is dead and the baptism of the Holy Ghost with power and authority is back in flesh again? Listen friends, I'm going to close by saying this. How many disciples do we have here tonight? How many authoritative disciples do we have here tonight? Can I tell you what? The disciples are under the same authority. Come on now. the disciples are under. In other words, brother Brad, they have the same authority. Luke 9:1. Then he called his 12 disciples together and gave them power and authority over some devils and some diseases and some besetting sins and some sicknesses. No. Am I reading the wrong Bible? Okay. Okay. Over over some situations, over some depressions. If it's not too No, let's read it like the Bible says he ga he called his 12 disciples. He pulled his 12 disciples together and gave them power and authority over all devils and to cure diseases. Listen what a prophet said. He said that Roman recognized that Jesus of Nazareth had the authority over sickness for he was a man in authority. It takes an authoritative man to recognize an authoritative man. And he recognized that if Jesus could speak the word, he had the authority. And we know he said had to be. He says to this man, "If he's going that way," he said, "Come back this way, he has to do it. If he's going that way, do you know where I'm talking about?" He know that Jesus had that much authority over sickness. And he said, "Listen, I'm not worthy for such a holy person as you to come under my roof, but I know what authority is. You just speak the word. Listen, there is a connection between the word and authority. You just speak the word and my servant will live. Amen. Just speak the word. And Jesus said, "As thou hast believed, all right, go. Thy son liveth." Re said, "And his written word," can I can I give you something here? His written word tonight is a seed that'll take life as soon as you believe his word. Are you ready for this? It's just the same authority tonight over all sickness as it was then. The written word. Come on, church. If you just had the written word, if you just had your physical written word Bible, you have got the same authority over every sickness. The same as the word made flesh had. But what about it tonight, friends? He's come as son of man. He's come as son of God. He will come as son of David. But between the son of God and the son of David, he returned to this age as the son of man to reveal to you that you don't just have the word of God. You have the God of the word. How much power is in Bethl tabernacle? How much power is in your young people? How much authority is in your preachers if they don't just have the word, but they have the God of the word? Y'all forgive me. I get excited about these. If you just had the Bible, you got the same authority. But how much more tonight that you have, oh my the God of the word. Now, I just finished telling you what he said. And these supernatural acts is to bring your faith back to him. Amen. Quicken it right quick. See, make it quickened to him. Now, Brother Matt, you've been preaching long enough to know, let one supernatural act happen in your meeting. And what's the first thing you hear? You ready for it? By what authority do you do these things? Brother Jason, just let just let one supernatural manifestation take place, and here'll come that age-old question. By what authority do you do these things? Well, see, I'm a fully formed disciple. So, I followed my master's teaching and I followed his life. So, I handled it the way he handled it. Amen. They asked him, they said, "Tell us about what authority does have these things or who is he that gave this authority?" And Jesus turned around and said, "Okay, if you'll answer this, I'll answer that." Were you baptized unto man or unto God? How were you baptized? Amen. Prophet God said like this. We see in the Bible that Jesus Christ, the son of God, come when he came to earth. He came to rid sin and sickness, divorce it, put away it from his people, and claimed he would return again. But in his absence, he gave his church the same authority that he had. So, we would see Jesus. May the saints rejoice to see that in this great hour of trial that our God still lives and has the same power tonight. Amen. Amen. By what authority do you open John Ryan's eyes? Let me ask you this. By what authority do you testify you're going to take a rapture? Amen. By what authority do you confess God give you the Holy Ghost? Come on, church. By what authority, Brother Jason, you confess God healed your body? By what authority do young people confess that God delivered me of this besetting sin? By what authority do you do you confess God delivered me from something? By what authority I'll tell you. By what authority? By the authority of the revealed word? By the authority of what was hid has now been disclosed has been uncovered and is now taken on flesh. Let our let our musicians come tonight. The same authority is in his disciples that was in the master. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying that we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. But ye have received the spirit of adoption. Amen. Brother Luther, it's adoption time. Yes, sir. Whereby we cry, Abby, Father. What are you saying, Brother Andrew? Galatians 4:1. Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differereth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all, but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. Even so, when we were certain, where we were children were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman, made under the law to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive what? The adoption of sons. And because ye are sons, how many thank God for sending a prophet? Prophet come and said, I didn't come to mix up a doctrine. He said, I come to straighten one out. Amen. To get you away from this fear and scare that you don't know who you are. Amen. You're not going to be the sons of God. See, you already were the sons of God. You always were the sons of God. Now, now I I felt something on that. So, I'll just preach it for a second. It's in your church age book. He said, "A son can go a long time before he recognizes he's a son." Altar didn't make you a son. Hearing the message didn't make you a son. The seed on the inside of you. Quickened by the spirit. That's right. Now, brother Andrew, what are you getting at? I'm saying and because you are sons, God has sent forth a spirit of his son into your hearts crying ab father. Wherefore thou art no more a servant but a son. And if a son than an heir of God through Christ. What are you saying brother Andrew? I'm saying without this message we are church members. But with this message, we have become the authoritative disciples of Jesus Christ. Then when this son become a certain age, he took the son out and adopted or positionally placed that son. And then from that day on, that son's name on the check was just as good as his daddy's name. We as heir of all things, he was tuned to become of age. And this Pentecostal church has had 51 years of growth. Why ain't we of age? He says, "Because that the Holy Spirit has to bring the message that we broke oursel up in denominations, drawn our fences across it, cutting in with the world, living like the world, prayer meetings is gone, oldfashioned services is gone. That's why we're not where we should be. That's exactly why the people won't stay placed." Amen. But listen, friends, you've come under a positionally placed message. You're an authoritative disciple of Christ. You know what that means? Who's hired is tired? You know what that means? Who's fired is fired? [Music] How long is it going to be before we start exercising our authority? How long is it going to be before we start standing up and saying, "Listen, devil. Enough's enough. You've gone far enough." That's right. Listen, I know right now some of y'all are feeling like you, some of y'all, the devil chased you in here and right now you're ready to chase the devil out. You know why? Cuz the word brings strength. The atmosphere brings faith. The supernatural anointing comes in and brings an authority in you. But what are you going to do when you get by yourself? [Music] What are you going to do when you come down off the mountain, brother Matt, and you've been tempted and hungered 40 days and devil himself standing there saying, "Just fall down and worship me and I'll give you all the kingdoms." Yeah. I tell you what we're going to do. We're going to stand like our master. Yes. We're going to imitate our master's life in teaching. We've been on an apprenticeship with him. You know what we're going to do? Now listen. If you stand there and tell the devil, I'm a preacher and I've prayed for so many people and I've held so many. You're not a disciple. You're not imitating your master. Your master stood there and said, "It is written. Get thee behind me, Satan." I wonder if everybody here tonight like to stand up and say, "Get thee behind me, Satan. It is written." Hallelujah. It don't matter how I feel. It is written. It don't matter what the doctor said. It is written. It don't matter what symptom says. It is written. That's right. It don't matter what the people think. It is written. I'm an authoritative disciple. I'm coming into my disciplehip. I'm ready to exercise this authority. Amen. What about it? Fathers, why don't you go home and exercise that authority over them devils? Say, get out of this home. Get out of this home. You ain't killing yourself 60 hours a week to make the payment and get everything done and pay. Get out of this home. This is my home. That's right. This belongs to me and my family. Satan, you don't belong in here. Get out. Well, glory to God. What about it? What about it? Get in there and say, "Satan, get out of there. Get out. Back up. Go." Well, listen. I've never seen you act like this before. I know, but it's a new day. Hallelujah. I recognize my authority as a disciple of Christ. And if you don't want to leave, my master standing right here with me [Music] is in a meeting like this several years ago. I was preaching along these lines on authority of the sons of God. And there was a young man, brother Brian Hannah, sitting on the front row there, married to brother Wayne Lawson's daughter of Gracie, sitting right on the front row, had a had a shoulder issue going on in his shoulder for I don't know how long. And I'm just preaching. I didn't know what was wrong with him. He didn't tell me. And I'm just preaching. And I started telling a simple illustration, you know, about how when I lived in West Virginia, there was a brother in the church there had a business and his son actually run the business most of the time. And when he would go out on a job, I remember one time he went out and he told him, he said, "Listen," he said, told this boy, he said, "You're fired. You're fired." The old boy said, "Well, how do you fire me?" You know, he said, "You're fired. Get out of here." He said, "How do you fire me?" He said, "You're not the boss. Your daddy is." He said, "You're fired. Get out of here." He said, "I'm going to go call your daddy." So the boy went and called his daddy on his way. That old boy said, "Listen," he said, "when you call my daddy, my daddy's going to tell you the same thing." He said, "I don't think so." Brother Jason, he went and phoned his daddy. He said, "Your boy's down here trying to fire me." He said, "What do you got to say about it?" He said, "Pack your bags. You're fired." Pack your bags, you're fired. You know, and I just I just told that simple illustration. And Brian sitting right there, he spoke out and said, "I fire this shoulder pain. I fire it in the name of Jesus." He said, "I fired this devil." He said, "I went home." He said, "I was doing some stuff." He called me the next day in the meeting or told me the next day in the meeting. He said, "I was doing some stuff." He said, "And found out all of a sudden I was totally healed of it. It was gone." He said, "And if you don't want to leave, I'll tell my daddy and my daddy." Listen, friends, that's the that's the harmony that's between the master and his disciples. How many's ready to fire some devils tonight? Well, that old devil of nervousness says, "I ain't leaving. I fire you. Well, I'm going to go talk to your daddy. Go talk to him. He'll tell you the same thing. You're fired. Won't you bow your hearts with us tonight? I believe there's a faith bank of heaven in this building tonight. I believe there's a there's a revelation that has taken the preeminence in the church of the living God. It's the revelation the revelation of the son of man. The word has been revealed. Will there be one here tonight say, "Lord, make me a fully formed disciple. Make me an authoritative disciple of this word. Not a guesser, not a hoper, not a probe, not a not a well I think or maybe. No. Lord, place me under authority. Place me under the authority of this revealed word. Would there be a young person here today that could say, "I want to be under that authority. I want to be under that same authority as a young man, as a young lady. God, give me the grace to stand into this authoritative word, and drive these devils out of my life." God bless you, young buddy. God bless you there, sis. God bless you, buddy. God bless you, brother. God bless you there, sis. God bless you, young man. He's calling disciples tonight. He's calling disciples. Just before we pray tonight, is there any more? Say, "Lord, make me this authoritative disciple. I've been backing off too many times. I need to I need to learn to stand there. I want to stand there like my master. I don't just want to imitate his teaching. I don't just want to imitate the way he said things or imitate the way that he could bring out such profound, deep things. I want to imitate the master's life. I want to imitate his conduct. I want to imitate what I'm following. I want to I want to continue on this apprenticeship with you, Lord. I want to walk with this revealed word. God bless you. Heavenly Father, Lord, all across this building, Lord, you see your believer's hands been raised up, Lord. Father, young and old alike. Some, Lord, no doubt been serving you for many, many years. Some been serving you for just a few short years, but Lord, something something tugged at their heart. Lord, something pulled at their spirit tonight. Lord, maybe there be one here tonight that has been walking with this message, but things have been distracting them. Lord, maybe they're sitting here and they're saying, "Well, these things are too great. These things are too deep. There's no way I could understand such things." Lord, call them into that apprenticeship tonight. Call them into that call him into that walk with a master. Father, authoritative is truth. It's reliable and it's very likely to be followed. Lord, I believe I'm looking at some young people here that the life they're living has the ability, Lord, to lead other people to this message. I believe I'm looking at some elders that Lord, when they go to work in the morning, they go to their their their jobs or wherever they go, Father, school, whatever it be, Lord, I believe, oh God, they're living lives that'll lead others, seekers of your presence unto yourself, Lord, we surrender our hearts and lives into your hands. Make us what you have us to be tonight. If there be one here tonight, Lord, that has not received that baptism of the Holy Ghost. I pray tonight, Lord, you would seal their soul until the day of redemption. Father, if there be one thing between us, Lord, and you, Lord, may your spirit bring it to our attention. And Father, we'll make it right quickly. Lord, we need your grace. We need your mercy. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love him tonight. How many can say, "Let this revealed word take prereeminence in my flesh. Let this unveiled God," I love how he says it, Brother Jason. He says, "Openly manifested. Let this unveiling of God move into your human temple and exercise the authority of the revealed word." God bless you tonight, friends, as our our pastor comes. God bless you. [Music] Come on and gather with me, friends. [Music] Gather around. [Music] Amen. Invite the front. Move up close and tight. We got a bunch coming from the back. Amen. How many feel authority in the air? I was so struck by that thought. Brother Andrew, I've I've been pondering that as a concept for weeks and just saying, "Lord, there's there's got to be something here that we can give ourselves over to and press in." How many are ready to press into the future? Amen. Press into the future. We're not here to go back in the past. Amen. I want to be a I want to be a fully formed disciple. Amen. Fully certified, fully authorized. Amen. We got prayer requests tonight that we're going to need to be fully authorized disciples of Christ. Three of the cases that came in to be prayed for tonight are are people at the point of death with cancer. I was just I was just talking to brother Tim today and we were talking about this great thing about the authority in the bride and seeing the devil. We've seen God heal some cancer. Oh yeah. And we've seen some of God's people been prayed for and still fighting and suffering and but fighting every day. Still fighting. Amen. I, you know, I'm I I just have a never say surrender attitude. I have I have said for years and I've felt it in my heart. I heard a old time preacher say it years ago. He said, "I want to come down and with my last breath, my last breath, I want to say Satan is a liar. And Jesus is the truth. Hallelujah. That's a fully certified authoritative amen. My goodness, friends, think about how that that's something that drew you aside. Did you Did Did you have something in your mind as brother Andrew was talking about? Something something drew you aside. You couldn't find God. You couldn't just break into heaven and say, "I want all the riches of heaven. there. There's no thieves or moth or rust over there. Amen. God had something revealed itself to you. And you know someone what I found out was that something turned out to be someone. Hallelujah. That's why that's why they can't argue doctrine. I don't care cuz I'm not arg. It's not something. It's someone. You argue all day long. You'll never argue me out of the love for my wife. I know her. I love her. And and she's a person. This message isn't a theory. It's not a doctrine. It's not words. It's a person. All right. Hallelujah. And I know him in in the power and resurrection. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to press on into the future, friends. I want to press on. My If you think about that, God drew you aside at a time of maximum sideshows. All right. Maximum in overdrive, sideshows, distractions, of every kind, every kind of way the devil can attract your attention. And in a time of maximum pressure from the from Satan's Eden, God whispered and you heard it. And you know what happened? All those other voices just turned into noise. Hallelujah. Oh my friends. Wow. Oh, I'm ready to be an authoritative Amen. servant of God. Hallelujah. Brother Aaron and Sister Ruth are sick and needing a touch from the Lord tonight. We sure are missing them. I know they're tuning in. And uh Brother Aaron, I think, dealing with some respiratory problems. And um I think Sister Ruth was feeling some effects of something, but I don't know have report of what it was. Sister Jean is still the devil just battling. Amen. Our sister, Brother Andrew, we are thoroughly tired of this. So, we want you to come and and take these requests back up and we're going to we're going to pray for Sister Jean. She was home tonight and and just just in pain constantly. This has been over two almost two and a half almost three weeks and she is just in agony. And I was thinking as brother Andrew was talking about that, I thought, you know, I'm going to change my prayer tonight because I've done enough asking. I'm going to start doing some commanding. Amen. I'm a fully formed Amen. I'm a fullgrown disciple. Hallelujah. And I'm fully authorized. Amen. To speak. Brother Bruce Paris asked us to uh just a reminder for Mr. Fritz, his four family members. four family members, all with cancer. My aunt Joel, who you all know, has uh they've they've called in hospice. She went from seemingly robust health and uh and just suddenly she went downhill and they've discovered terminal cancer and they've already called hospice in. Well, they can call whoever they want. I'm calling on somebody else. Amen. Amen. Um my daughter-in-law Rachel turns in a a prayer request. We're going to take up a prayer cloth here in just a moment uh for Sister Jill Fleman in dire need of a miracle. She's battled breast cancer for many years and they're talking about, you know, um her situation is very very dire and very critical and she's needing a divine miracle from God. I'm glad I know a miracle working God. I'm so glad. I thought about these cases tonight and I thought to myself, I'm so glad he's more to me than just a doctrine or a teaching or a theory or a degree or a something. I I know him in the power and resurrection. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Um was that another one that just came in? It is. Okay. So, this is from Oh, the one that wrote to us. Yeah. Nicole, a lady that watches online, Nicole uh Gonzalez, not Sister Melissa's Nicole. Um, hello. I was giving you an update on my niece Kinsley Sers. I asked for prayer on June 9 from they thought it was seizures from a fever of 103, but they told her they really don't know. Uh she woke up, she was shaking, screaming, eyes, rolling back, fever, glossing eyes. She's doing better. Praise the Lord. But they are taking her to Columbus, Georgia tomorrow to the neurologist just to check her out. So I ask prayer for everything that everything comes back normal. Right now she's broke out with a rash all over her body while at daycare and asking for prayer. Um that I know God has everything under control and he's almighty. It's a vicious devil to attack a child. Yes, Jesse's niece. Okay, very good. So, our own brother Jesse, it's his niece. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Andrew, come on back forward and um join hands with somebody standing near you and and we're going to take these requests here. We have this. Yes. Oh, yeah. Brother Lennial here with his throat. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm right here. [Music] [Music] [Music] You commissioned us. Yes, that's right. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Hallelujah. Lord, I know that. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship this word. Hallelujah. We need you Lord. We need you Lord right now. Lord completely gone in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] We lift our hands. Bow our knees and worship. I am stand [Music] you Lord. We need you Lord. right now. Now, let's pray for brother Aaron, sister Ruth, um sickness. Sister Jean suffering with back pain and this family with four members of cancer and my aunt Joel also uh suffering from a diagnosis of cancer. Amen. Join hands. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, Father, we approach you, Lord, on behalf of these needs. Father, you see each and everyone that was mentioned, Lord. Father, that child that suffered in their body, Lord. Father, for the family that has four members with cancer, dear God. Lord, our sister Jill Fleman, Lord, our sister Juel there, Father, suffering with cancer, Lord. Father, you know all things, Lord. Father, we pray is right here in this building tonight, Lord. We're praying, Lord. We're joining our faith together, Lord. Looking beyond the symptoms, Father. Looking beyond the circumstances, Lord. Looking beyond what the doctors have said in the reports. And Father, we're looking at a finished work at Calvary. And Lord, we're speaking by the word of faith tonight, Lord. Father, I'm reminded of the night that Peter was in a prison house. And Lord, they was up at John Mark's house. Lord, they were having a prayer meeting and there was Peter. He wasn't even in the room. Lord, the fathers, they begin to pray. The angel of the Lord left the prayer meeting and went to Peter's cell and opened the door and he walked out a free man. Lord, as we're joining our faith together here tonight, Lord, in this prayer meeting, Father, Lord, may the angel of God go to our sister Juel. May the angel of God go to our sister Gio, Lord. Father, all these needs that have been mentioned, Lord, may the angel of God be dispatched to their homes, their lives right now. Lord, may they walk out of these prison cells of cancer, Lord, healed, Father, may they walk out of these conditions, Lord. Father, we don't approach you, Lord, by what we've done or by all our marriage, Lord. But, Father, we approach you by this one thing. Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, sayith the Lord. Father, you're the healer tonight, Lord. You're the deliverer, Lord. And, Father, we commit these needs in thy faithful hands, Lord. Father, I pray that before we even close out this service and before we even Lord, come to the next service, Father, Lord, may the testimonies begin to come in. Lord, may the testimonies begin to come in of our brother Aaron and his family there in their home watching, Lord. Father, I pray the angel of God that Lord, your prophet said, "Breathe the breath of heaven into the lungs of Jonah there, Lord. May the breath of heaven breathe into our brother's body. May it breathe out the respiratory condition, Lord. May the angel of God breathe through that home tonight, Lord. May it remove the demon of sickness and affliction, Lord, that they could return to the house of God Sunday, Lord, totally well, Father. Lord, we've seen you do it before. We believe you're here to do it again. We commit these needs in our faithful hands. Satan, you are defeated in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you are defeated in the name of Jesus. You have no power. You have no authority. May it leave every person right now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Right now. Oh, right now, Lord. We need you, Lord, you right now. Oh my all over the building, lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. [Music] We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Right now. Oh, after a sermon like that, it just exposes all of our needs. Let's sing it. We need you, Lord. Come on, lift up those hands as you worship him now. Make this song a prayer. Hallelujah. Before we head back out to that crazy world. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, Father, the madness of this age, we need you, Jesus. We lift our hands, oh God. power and worship at your throne. We need We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. One more time with all of our voices. We need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Make it personal. Say, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Today, every day, Lord God, tomorrow, all next week, we need you, Jesus. Lift my hand. I lift my hands and bow my knees to worship and worship at your throne. Hallelujah. You're worthy of I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Lord, that's so true. We need you every day, every hour. Father, we are determined to press our way into the future. Lord, our future is bright before us. For the world, it's a dark, sad time. But for the bride, it's a glorious time. The sun is risen, Lord, with healing in his wings. Everything we have need of for a rapture already in us, laying under the presence, Lord, of the sunlight of God's word. Hallelujah. We look to the future, Lord, with with eager anticipation. But Lord, right now we're fighting this great battle. The greatest battle that's ever been fought. Lord, this is the climax of all the ages. Climax of all powers coming to its zenith now. And Lord, you're determined one last time to prove to the world, Lord, that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, that's why you said, Lord, when they when when they said, "Oh, you're not you're not a man 50." How you say you've seen Abraham? He said before Abraham was, I am. Hallelujah. Lord, that I am is working in your body today in the earth. The I am is alive and well. The final voice to this final age. Lord, help us. Father, help us in these dreadful, desperate times where men's hearts are failing for fear. Chaos and madness are gripping the minds of humanity. Total insanity. Lord, we see it happening around us. Father, as your servant tonight pointed out, the very fact that the ministry of the son of man returned to the earth was a sign of impending judgment. Because it was that ministry of the son of man that came to perfect the brideg just before that judgment to give her a third exodus. Oh Lord God, we're looking for that hour. Hallelujah. Let us take this word home with us tonight, Lord. Let it mean something to us in coming days. We commit ourselves into your hands aresh now. We're believing for every request that we prayed over. Lord, we're believing for every individual request. Father, I'm absolutely believing, Lord, for brother Aaron and Sister Ruth. I'm absolutely believing for Sister Jean to be free of that pain. We're we're in a 100% agreement for Sister Joel. We're in a 100% agreement for Mr. Fritz and his family. We're in a 100% agreement, Lord, for this family member of brother Jesse, Lord, that all of these needs are now met in Christ Jesus. We thank you for it, Lord. We worship you for it. Commit all of it now into your hands, Lord. And for Sister Jill Freeman, we are 100% sure that the Holy Spirit is moving on that case. Father, we are believing for testimonies to come back. We've already had many and we're believing for more. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Any testimonies tonight before we go? Praise the Lord. I got a testimony that the word spoke to me. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I sure thank you all for all your prayers. And it's uh you heard some truth tonight. I I am, as brother Dale said, fauning at the bit. And we're going to exact a toll on the enemy. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm not me, but the Holy Spirit will. Praise God. Amen. Turn around, shake hands with somebody standing near you. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Happy to have number of visitors here with us tonight. Brother Randy, Sister Anna, good to see y'all here. Dan, God bless you. Good to see you here with us tonight. Amen. And God bless you, Brother Lennial and his family. Oh my goodness. Are happy to have all them here tonight. Brother Lennial, you you of course you know that now that the Lord's going to touch your your throat, you're going to be singing. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Let's make them feel really welcome. God bless you. Y'all can be dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. Make sure you let Sister Mariah know how much we appreciate and Brother Malachi how much we appreciate them being here with us. Amen. God bless you. Lord, you have my heart and I will search for you. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Let me be to you a sacrifice. Lord, you have my heart. Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. [Music] Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Let me be to you a sacrifice and I will praise you Lord. praise you and I will sing of love come down. Sing of love. And as you show your face, [Music] we'll see your glory here. [Music] Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. me to you a sacrifice [Music] and I will praise you Lord and I will sing of love come down [Music] and As you show your face, we'll see your glory here. We'll see. And we'll see your glory here. And he says, "Peace, peace, be still." [Music] He lifts his hands. [Music] Peace be still. [Music] And like a child, [Music] my heart oys [Applause] [Music] when he [Music]
