################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-21 - (Sunday School) 230521 - Caleb Campbell Little By Little - Caleb Campbell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-05-21
Title:   (Sunday School) 230521 - Caleb Campbell: Little By Little
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rrb5OrfYP_4
========================================

Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Exodus 23 and verse 20. It says, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way and to bring thee in the place which I have prepared. Beware of him and obey his voice, provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgressions, for not for my name is in him. But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak, then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries. For mine angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, the Hittites, the Preszites, and the Canaanites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, and I will cut them off. So they had all these enemies, and he said, I will cut them off. He says, 'Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works, but thou shalt utterly overthrow them and quite break down their images, and ye shall serve the Lord your God, and he shall bless thy bread and thy waters, and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee. There shall nothing cast their young, nor barren in thy land. The number of thy days I will fulfill. I will send my fear before thee, and I will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come. And I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee. And I will send hornets before thee, and shall drive out the Hivites, the Canaanites, the Hittites before thee. And I will drive them out from before thee in one year, lest the land become desolate, and the beasts of the field multiply against thee. Verse 30 it says, "But by little and little I will drive them out from before thee until thou be increased and inherit the land little by little, saints, little by little. And I will set bounds from the Red Sea and under the sea of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river, and I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand, and thou shalt drive them out before thee. Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods. They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me. For if thou shalt serve their gods, it will be a surely be a snare unto thee. So, one more portion of scripture. We're going to turn over into 1st Samuel 17. Going to do a little parallel here. 1st Samuel 17 and:e 31. And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul, and he sent for them. And David said to Saul, "Let no man's heart fail because of him. thy servant will go and fight with the Philistine. And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against the Philistines to fight with him, for thou art but a youth, and he a man from his youth. And David said unto Saul, thy servant, thy servant kept his father's sheep. Now look here there. And there came a lion and a bear and took a lamb out of the flock, and I went out after him, and smokeote him, and delivered it out of his mouth. And when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smokeote him, and slew him. Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear. And this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God. So he had a commission to be a Goliath slayer, just like each one of us do, to be a giant slayer, but he had to slay those lions and those bears in his life first. So I want to take a little bit of thought um by the help of the Lord this morning. Um, little by little, let's go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful for the reading of your word this morning. Father, we're thankful just to be able to come into your house, Lord God, and just worship you today, Lord. I pray over the Sunday school. I pray you'd anoint the ears to hear. I pray that you'd anoint your speaker, Lord, for the main service, Lord, be with us all this morning. We ask all these things now in the name of Jesus. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Towards the word or towards the world. It's, you know, it's just one letter difference. Our second opening scripture there in 1 Samuel, the Lord anointed David to be that giant slayer. And like I said, he anointed each one of us to to do the very same thing, for that same task. But he never asked you to start with that. He he had he started with David in his home life. He started in training him to to to be a shepherd. Training him to take care of his sheep, training him to to slay the lions in his own life, slay the bears in his own life. You know, the beast was trying to devour his family's livestock. And you'll notice that those victories that David won, they were won alone. They were fought alone. And he, just to type the natural and the spiritual here, he slayed those carnal things in his life. He has submitted to the word of God in his personal life. And he was able to yield those things that maybe hindering hinder you in your daily walk. He was able to yield those worldly entertainments so that he could tend to his sheep. Amen. So that's how we win victories in our life, protecting one sheep at a time, little by little, right? We take one thought captive at a time. We remove one hindrance in our personal life at a time. And then one day when a Goliath does come up and try to defy the armies of the living God, we're now trained and prepared to slay that enemy. Because in our personal life, in our home life, in our Mondays and Tuesdays and Wednesdays and Thursdays when we have to get up and we have to, you know, fight the, you know, the laziness of life, we have to actually put effort into reading our Bible and we have to put effort into coming to church on a Wednesday night and those things. When we can actually tend to those sheep in our life, then when those things do come, you're trained and you're prepared to fight against those enemies. Amen. And then you're anointed. You're prepared. You're anointed with the revelation from God like David was in this. He said, "I had I know I can defeat this enemy because I defeated him already. I've already defeated a lion. I've already defeated a bear." We have these victories, these small victories in our in our life. You know, I I did cast down that vain imagination. So if I took that thought and and that word of God, then I can take every word of God because that's that's what the scripture is. We take every word. We punctuate every word with an amen. Right? The Lord's command there at the beginning of Exodus 23, it was commanded that the Lord were were given a land as an inheritance. They were promised that it was going to be their land. And yet they still needed to possess it. So, Exodus 23 and 24, it says, "You shall not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do according to their works, but you shall utterly overthrow them and completely break down their sacred pillars." So, there was obviously a reason that the Lord had commanded them to utterly overthrow them and completely drive down their pillars. He was seeing the potential of what would happen if they didn't follow that word and began to intermingle with those things of the world, begin to intermingle with those those enemies. So, Judges 1. Judges 1. If we t turn into our Bibles, Judges chapter 1. Well, we can just go through this. You can leave that up. Okay. Judges 1 and verse 16. And it says, um, "And the children of the Kennites, Moses, his father-in-law, went up out of the city of the palm trees. And the children of Judah went into the wilderness of Judah, which lith in the south of Aad. and Judah went with Simeon his brother and they slew the Canaanites and inhabited Zapath and utterly destroyed it and the name of that city was called Horma. So the there in judges they had their command and now it came time to to possess that land and Judah started off right. It says that they utterly destroyed it and seemingly it's it was okay. They had a good start, but then little by little, each tribe that goes, and we're going to catch it here in a few minutes, but each tribe began to let a little bit more of the enemy in their life. They allowed the enemy to be their tributaries, which were their slaves. They allowed a little bit more carnality in their life. And little by little, they started moving in the wrong direction. Amen. You know, if we're not careful, just to bring this back to our daily life, if we're not careful, those little by littles can start to move us in the opposite direction. You know, and we watch they started disobeying the word of God, but in a subtle way. They they made those enemies tributaries instead of utterly destroying them. The command was utterly destroy them. Don't, you know, don't utterly make them your tributaries. Don't utterly allow them a little bit in your life. Don't, you know, yeah, there's women and there's children and there's baby. Utterly destroy that enemy in their life because those women and those children are going to raise up and they're going to have they're they're the enemies of God. And so God would see that later down the road that would be a hindrance in their life. The transition we'll read here um here in just a minute. It was it was really subtle. Um Judges 1 and verse 20, it says we're just going to kind of go through through some scriptures here. So Judges chapter 1 verse 20. And they gave he brought unto Caleb as Moses said, and he expelled then the three sons of Anch, the children of Benj Benjamin, and did not drive out the Jebisites that inhabited Jerusalem. But the Jebisites, which were the enemy, dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day. So we're just going to watch the trend here that takes place. In verse 27, if you want to skip down to verse 27, neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Door, nor the inhabitants of Iblam, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, but the Canaanites, the enemy would dwell in her land. Now verses 28, and it came to pass when Israel was strong, they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out. Verses 29, um, neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites in Gazer, but the Canaanites dwell in Gazer. Uh verses 30, but the Canaanites dwelt among them and became tributary Zebulun. Now watch the transition here. Verses 31 it says, "Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Ako, nor the inhabitants of Zidon, Ablab, Axib, Heblab, Afic, nor Reeb, Rehab. But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land, for they did not drive them out." So now you see the Asherites were now dwelling among the enemy's territory. So it started off now they were the enemies had a little bit of leeway in their territory but now you see that now we're on the enemy's territory and it wasn't some great big monumental explosion that happened in the scripture like it was just one little verse and it the wording of it and it just changed just a little bit because they allowed just a little bit of leeway. Now, they were living on the enemy's land. And before we know it, little by little, if you don't if you don't take those thoughts captive, if you don't if you don't exercise the word of God and be obedient in every word of God, then little by little, those things can just become become inhabitants in your land and eventually overtake your land. So, and the transition there, you know, the devil is subtle and he's deceiving. So, he uses those subtleties. And then in verse 33, if you want to go to 33, but he dwelt, neither did Nefali, that tribe, but he dwelt among the Canaanites. But he dwelt among the Canaanites and the inhabitants of the land. So now, now they're dwelling among the enemy's land. So before they knew it, they were completely and totally out of the will of God, living a backsliden life. They quit going to church. They quit fellowshipping with believers. They quit listening to tapes. And for a while they were still even claiming to be followers of God. And then little by little as that generation began to die out, they found themselves worshiping pagan gods, living as slave to other other countries. And then if you read the book of Judges, you know, it's this perpetual cycle that they would raise up a a godly God would raise up a judge, deliver them, and then they'd go back into their sin. And it was just a cycle. And you know, before you know it, you can find yourself in that cycle in your Christian walk like the Israelites were there in Judges. You let the do you let the world in a little bit. You let you know you're living a little carnally. We're not reading our Bibles every day. You know, you're not your prayer life starts slipping. You're not listening to the prophet. You use any free time that we can for entertainment. And then you find yourself so far from God spiritually worshiping these idols in our life. And you know, at least in the Old Testament, it was blatant idol worship. But nowadays, it's so deceiving. You know, the devil's going to pat you on the back and say, "You're not backslid. you're, you know, you're you're going to church every Sunday. You're, you know, you may get some Wednesdays into there and and you're, you know, you're doing okay, but you know, you look the part, but it's about what's in your heart. And God looks at what's in your heart. Amen. And then, you know, you come back to your senses, you repent, you promise God we'll do better. And I'm just, you know, this is not preaching at you. I'm preaching to me. You know, you you promise God you'll do better. And then little by little, it happens again and again. And it becomes that cycle where the Israelites were in the book of Judges. And I really, I don't know about y'all, but I don't want my walk with the Lord to look like that. I, you know, I want to be a victor. I want to have a victorious Christian walk in in the Lord. I want to I want to wake up every morning and, you know, I know I'm going to have some thoughts. I'm taking those thoughts captive. I know it's going to be a struggle to wake up 10, 15, 20 minutes earlier than I do and read the Bible and and pray. And I know that those things are are going to take a conscious effort. But I want to do those things so that when it comes time to face those Goliaths in my life, I have now won the lions and the bears that have tried to take my sheep, tried to take those little things in my life. Amen. Our victories and are fought and they're won in the trenches of the Monday mornings when Sunday's passed and you're not in the presence of other believers anymore. when you wake up from the with the pressures of life and and they hit you like a a brick wall. When you're driving to work and you make the choice to listen to the prophet rather than some entertainment. um you know when you're at work or or something and you know someone walks by that isn't dressed the way they should be and you know you consciously take that that thought captive and you bring it into the obedience of God and you honor God by turning your head um when you get home and maybe there's a t tense atmosphere because you know the kids were you know not feeling good or or there's just pressures going on but then you make the effort to to read your Bible and pray with your family. Those are the victories that are won on a as shepherds for our sheep, saints. Those are the victories that, you know, we take them to the trenches. So then when we when we have need of something, you know, we oh, you know, I I I'm in the will of God because I'm walking in his will. I'm walking at the best I can to walk. Amen. You know, sometimes, you know, you can feel victorious on a Sunday morning. you know, some, you know, you hear a good sermon Wednesday night, you hear a good sermon. When we're in the presence of the Lord, you know, when we hear the word going forth, you know, or as a body of believers, we're we're lifting up our voices and we hear, you know, the singing and that drives back the evil spirits. But you know, the reason that the Lord allows us to have those precious moments is so that we can take those messages of victory and take those things to our Monday mornings and to our Tuesday mornings and to our to our Thursday afternoons so that we can really have victory in the trenches. Amen. And really apply those words to our everyday life. You know, maybe pause some kind of entertainment so that we can listen to a tape. You know, it's not always an easy choice. Um you know it's living in you know a leady to see an hour it's just you don't it's not that you don't want to do it it's just that you know you just want to relax for a while is you know just bringing it down to the carnality of things you just want you just you don't think about it but I promise you if you start making those conscious choices to do that in in your everyday walk then little by little you'll start gaining more strength little by little you'll get more revelation by little you'll be more on fire for the word of God. That's what our kids need to see in us. You know, I want my little girl to grow up and I want her to see her dad on fire for the word of God. You know, on fire for the message of the hour. You know, this is an amazing message. It's still the same message that it was 75 years ago. It's, you know, it's greater. We're coming into our maturity now. This is this is an amazing thing. you know, screaming amen when the, you know, the preacher says something amazing or or just dancing and shouting when our pastor's pouring out his heart to us so that we can live a better Christian life. And um, you know, my wife, she she probably thinks I'm crazy, but she might be used to it now. Sometimes I'll just get so excited about something that the Lord just revealed to me and and I'll just start jumping up and praising the Lord just in in the house and, you know, our little baby's kind of like, "Oh, what's what's going on?" You know, but as my girls grow up, I want them to know that, you know, those those kind of things aren't reserved for just preachers or people that have high energy. Those are for the saints of God. Those are for the body of believers. You get excited about the word of God. You let your kids see that you're excited. You let your wife see that you're excited. You let your husband see that you're excited for the will word of God because it's a thrill. It's it's an amazing thing that God God takes one scripture and he can there's so many compound things in just one scripture and he can reveal so many things to you and if you're just looking for it and you're just having the right attitude about it and you're just you're excited about it and those moments of encouragement you know um blessed Matthew 5:6 blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness for they shall be filled there's your promise you will be filled if you're hunger hungry and you're thirsty for righteousness You know, I don't want them to see that that um you know, following Jesus is just some melancholy experience um that we practice maybe on Sundays or Wednesdays. I want them to know that the same God that parted the Red Sea, you know, 4,000 years ago or the same God that, you know, 2,000 years ago resurrected, the same God 75 years ago, that's the same God we serve now. He's the same. Hebrews 13:8 says he's the same God he was then that he is now. And we serve that same God. Amen. And if we just if we treat this message just like it's another thing in our lives, if we treat the word of God like maybe it's a compartment in our lives, that fire can slowly die out through each generation. And that's what happened here. They didn't they didn't uh it says that as as they as the next generation rose up, then they started to backslide because what happened that fire that new generation rose up and it said that they remembered not the Lord. Wow. You know, we're so incredibly privileged. Wow. Uh 10 more minutes. So, we're so incredibly privileged, you know, to see the miracles take place, you know, to see the work of God in our lives. And I just say that let it be high octane fuel so that we can um you know, take those testimonies, take the word and keep that flame kindled. Amen. And if we have those those uh quotes, bring those quotes up here. And you know, we keep those flames kindled and instead of living in the the cycle that the Israelites lived there in the book of Judges, we recognize our position as more than conquerors. As more than conquerors and we walk in that. So the first this first um quote here, Brother Brandham says 1962 pursuing. Now, isn't that just a type of the church today? We can't just do it. Why? I tell you it's it's impossible now. We have become this and we got to be a little like this. And where's the street meetings at anymore? That's true, young fellow. There's there's not very many no more. Where is the all night prayer meetings we used to have? What happened to it? Where's the deep sincerity in pressing on with God? What's the matter? We've been cut away from it. We just laid it little by little. And I just love that quote because brother Brandham looks at the other side of that little by little where um you know what happened to the deep sincerity? What happened to the pressing on? You know, at some point it started heading off in the wrong direction. And now he's talking about the church, but I'm talking about our everyday walk here. We just what happened to that deep sincerity? And and it it doesn't have to be, you know, oh, what happened? And we have to, you know, I don't want anybody to be discouraged by what I'm saying. And I want it to be an encouragement because it can h you can start right now or we can just start walking in the in the right walking walking in the other direction little by little having those victories. Right. Slide the next slide there brother. Um just some quotes we want to go through. The angel of the covenant 1954. Now notice in the 29th verse he he said I will not drive them out in one year unless the beasts of the field multiply against you and come out against you. But little by little, I will drive them out. Just as you're able to possess the land, I'll drive them out. There you are. So, he's not gonna give you everything all at once. He knows we can't handle it like that. So, little by little, he gives you the victory. And little by little, you conquer one enemy. Little by little, you you take one thought captive. Little by little, you protect one sheep in your herd. And then, before you know it, you're conquering Goliath in your life. Don't wait until the prayer starts. Accept it now. If you can move your foot, but you can find out you move your toe. That's all you need. That's right. Little by little, I'll drive every enemy away. Every unbelief before the meeting's over, you can shout and run up and down the floor just as you're able to accept it. That's how I'll drive it out. I'll send my angel before thee. That's what he says in Exodus 23, if we remember that passage. I'll send my angel before thee to keep thee in the way. So keep that in your mind, saints, that you have an angel before thee. That whatever you face, he is already there before thee. He is already there. He's He's setting down the pathway so you can overcome that thing. He's just waiting for you to step into your position. Now the next slide test. This is this is this is amazing. This quote I just have been so encouraged by this quote. And this is testimony raising a dead boy 1953. Now look, God said, "I'm not going to give it to you all at one time. I'll give it to you at if I give it to you at one time. If I do, then you'll the whole land will sweep bear. the wild beasts will multiply against you and will overcome you. I'm just going to give it to you little by little as you're able to possess the land. I'm going to drive them out and give it to you little by little. That's the way God does it tonight. That's the way God does it today. Maybe today you say, "Well, I do feel a little bit better." Well, praise God. We'll take some. We got Canaanites today. We'll take the Amorites tomorrow. See, just as you're able to take it, look at this. God, you might break your neck if you get it all at once. So if we if we take the Goliath before we start slaying those lions and bears in our life, then you know we might break our neck all at once. But God gives you one enemy at a time, one victory at a time. Well, you say, "I couldn't move my hand that much yesterday, but I can move it this much today. Praise the Lord. Tomorrow I'll move it that much." You see, little by little, you'll have it. The next slide he says, "I tell you this in a most marvelous thing that I've ever seen in my life is the greatest hours of my life is when I get up against a wall that I can't get over it, under it, or around it." That's right. When I trust God and he opens up the way and I go through the thing, God takes you through it. And that's when you come out on the other side. It's like Samson when he killed the lion. When he got out on the other side, when he killed the lion, he got the sweetest honey he ever eat out of that old carcass of lion. And sometimes if you'll overcome something by the grace of God, it'll be the sweetest thing that you ever tasted in your life. Isn't that right? If you know what I'm spiritually see speaking of. I love the way the prophet puts that. If you trust God, he opens the way. He killed the lion and then the sweetest honey comes out of that carcass that he ever ate in his whole life. Getting those victories every day in your thought life. Getting those victories, those small victories in your life, slaying those lions and and protecting your sheep. some of the sometimes those are those are the strength that gets you through the Goliath. You think you think back on those little testimonies you had where man I had I I I I couldn't quite overcome this but then by God's grace I overcame it and now man Lord I know you did this for me. I know you can do you can do this for me. Amen. Glory to God. Slide uh the next slide. Actually go to we'll move on to the next uh we'll go to slide six if you can. Well, that's the way God wants us to do it. When you're baptized into the Holy Ghost, that's a good thing. When you become a Christian, good thing. But the thing of it is, you haven't looked around yet to see all the blessings that God got in there. There's divine healing, there's joy, there's peace, everything is in there. There's power, there's everything in there. And in another place, Brother Bandham says, I think it's the next slide. Um, you know, he's the inexhaustible fountain of life. Um, you have it there. Yeah. So now that when we receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit to sick people now to you were born again of the spirit of God when God planted you in Jesus which is the inexhaustible fountain of life everything that you have need of was put in you when you receive the Holy Ghost for that life's journey for your healing your salvation your joy your happiness all you have to do is push out and drink push drink push drink hallelujah amen um we'll we'll go and I think we're done with the slides now just kind of coming down here just a a few more minutes. You know, it's little by little the prophet says that you you won't have those victories overnight. And he never even promised that to the Israelites either. He never said, "You're going to go and you're going to come up against every enemy all at once and I'm just going to slay them all supernaturally." Well, where would their where what faith would need to be had then? You know, he does it one one day at a time so that we can increase our faith a little bit here. Little by little, little by little. I love, you know, he um you know, just I'm just going to go through some scriptures here. Proverbs 8:17, I I love them that love me and those that seek me early shall find me. I love the amplified says, "I love those who love me and all those who seek me early and diligently will find me." This next one is David's charge to his son Solomon when he was given direction in his life. Um and it came from someone with experience in 1st Chronicles 28:8. He says, "Now therefore, in the sight of all Israel in the congregation of the Lord, and the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the Lord your God, that ye may possess this good land and leave it for an inheritance of the children after after you forever. And thou, Solomon, my son, know that the God of thy father, and serve him, listen to this, serve him with a perfect heart. Serve him with a perfect heart and a willing mind. For the Lord searchth all things, and understand all the imaginations of the thoughts, if thou seek him, and he will be found of thee. But if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off forever. Says, "Serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind." What what a command. Um, all right. We're going to just go down here. Jeremiah 29 12 through 14. If there then shall ye call upon me and ye shall go and pray unto me and I will hearken unto you and ye shall seek me and find me. The next verse when ye shall search for me with all of your heart. Isaiah 55. Seek ye the Lord. 55 6. Seek ye the Lord while he may be found. Call ye upon him while he is near. And let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts. and let him return unto the Lord. You know, just uh for a couple of closing closing thoughts, you know, I took a similar thought um a couple of weeks ago with some of the young people and my title for that was rising to the challenge. So, I pray that this morning, this little Sunday school, this simple thought can give us a challenge in our daily walk to um live higher than those Israelites did there in the book of Judges. live a more victorious life. Starting with the little things, slaying those little lions and slaying those little those little things in your life. Little by little, seeking the ways of the Lord. Little by little, searching out our hearts and see if there will be any wicked way in there. And little by little, driving out the all the inhabitants of all the enemies in your land, in your mind. Little by little, giving those temptations to God. You know, it's not always some great mountain the Lord is trying to get us across. Sometimes it's just a small dep step in another day of of overcoming. Amen. So, let's just stand to our feet. We're going to just close in a little word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful and grateful for your word this morning. We pray that Lord, we could just have it seat into our hearts, Lord God, and meditate it meditate on it throughout the day. Father, we love you. Lord, I pray that Lord, your precious anointing would be on our brother this this morning, Father. Lord, just speak to him, Lord. Use him, Lord. Help him just step out of the way, Father, so that we can just glean from him, Father. Lord, we love you now and we submit our hearts to you now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless y'all.
