################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-16 - 230416 - Andrew Glover Ordained To The Message By The Spirit - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-16
Title:   230416 - Andrew Glover: Ordained To The Message By The Spirit
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7a6SK5LAMo
========================================

Description:
Brother Andrew Glover ministers the Sunday Morning Service "Ordained To The Message By The Spirit" on April 16th 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, in darkness too high. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at voice. How great our God. [Music] Great. And all will sing how great, how great is our God. Let's say the splendor of a king. Say the splender of a king. Clothe in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps itself in light and darkness tries to hide. trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Sing how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great [Music] is our God. H to H say h to age he stand all time his hand beginning at the end and the end say God free and one. He is the father's spirit and son. The lion and lamb. Lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. How great is our God. He's the name above all name. He's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great [Music] is our God. Brother Luther, if you come. Amen. Amen. As brother Luther's coming. There was a few prayer requests. Brother Bruce Paris fell and hit his head on the concrete. He's needing 10 stitches. Pray for a complete and rapid recovery. Amen. Also, military personnels acquired acquainted with Sister Linda Maxwell has sent her prayer requests. They're in desperate in a desperate situation in Syria. They're under supplied with ammunition, medical equipment, medicines needed for wounds. They said they are under most constant attempt of assaults by the enemy forces. I believe that they're talking about Syria. So let's just keep that in prayer. Amen. How many have an unspoken prayer request by the uplift of hands? Amen. And brother Luther, if you come and take us before the throne and also play and bless the offering, my brother, I saw a picture of brother Paris. You know, when you don't have hair on your head, every little thing you do, it just starts bleeding. But when I saw his, I was like, "Ooh, it looks bad." Amen. Let's remember these requests. I like to remember my son. He's just fighting, fighting, fighting against what God would have him to do. Let's pray. Lord, I love you this morning. I stand before you, Father, a hybrid being with a true gene seed of God. Praying, oh God, that that gene seed, Father, Just let it overcome all the hybridization of this world. Bless your people this morning. Love them, Lord. Remember, Brother Paris, Lord, the request for the military personnel. I have a son-in-law, Lord, over in the Middle East also. Father, may they have the proper equipment. Pray you protect them, Lord. Let there be angels surrounding them. Father, keep them safe, Lord. And all the requests that we bring before you this morning, me as a human, I couldn't keep count of them, Father, but each one is precious in your sight. I pray Lord in the name of Jesus Christ for each and every request, Father, healing, financial, emotional. And Lord, as we come to gather the tithes and offerings, magnify it to your kingdom. Bless the cheerful giver, Father. Lord, what a wonderful word we heard last night and grafted to our souls. We expect more of the same today, Father. Lord, we thank you that you have sent a message in this hour of freedom from the things of this world. I love you this morning. I love your people, Father. Bless those who are streaming. Help us, Father. We know that you have something for each and every one of us. I'm believing and claiming. Oh, yes. For myself and for those here. In Jesus Christ's name, I pray. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. How many come to have a good time today? Amen. Amen. I see some smiling faces. How many say the Lord's done something good for him? Amen. Let's give the Lord a better hand than they just gave him. Amen. Amen. We're gonna have a real good service. Amen. Let's sing a little bit if we're looking to rise. Amen. How many want to rise? Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Put a hand together for the Lord. If you're looking to rise, [Music] if you're looking to rise, if you're looking to rain, if you're looking to rise in the morning, if you're looking to rise, in the morning. If you're looking to in the morning [Music] in the morning, [Music] If you want a body change, if you want change your Heat. Heat. If you love me, you love me. [Music] If you love me, [Music] Boy, if you resurrection [Music] the voice of the resurrection of the resurrection. Amen. How many bride of Christ? Amen. His voice is in us. Amen. Amen. Let's have our seats. Amen. Amen. Brother Matthew, if you come and give us a song. Amen. I have so there's so many requests and I'm going to try to get to all of them. All right. Amen. Amen. Let's give Brother Matthew a hand again. Amen. [Music] Go plead with your mother were the words of Hosea as he sent his children to extend his mercy. So they journey down the old path that led to much destruction. All the while their loving hearts were hurting. Their hopes were crushed inside. Their compassion was denied. The woman they so loved seemed like a stranger. Heartbroken and alone. Took the long way back home. For sin now rained and hope seemed gone to change her. One day the word was told. Some slaves were being sold. A restless love sent Jose Hosea seeking. [Music] One by one they brought them in. So beaten down within. But in his chest his anxious heart was beating. All at once she caught his eye. From his lips the bids were high. She could not believe the voice that she was hearing. [Music] Would he in judgment take her life forever end his pain and strife? What would happen as she saw him drawing near her? I've come to take you home. [Music] I know that you've done wrong. But for you, I'd give my life. Through the sorrow, pain, and strife, I could never let you go. Let's leave the past behind. Love conquers one more time. [Music] He took her hand and said, "There's a new day just ahead. I've come to take you home." Oh, well, I've stood in that same place, bound by sin, a broken slave. From the depths of my despair, I prayed for mercy. I heard his word. He paid the price. On the cross, he gave his life. He took my hand. You're in the family. I've come to take you home. Oh, I know that you've done wrong. But for you, I gave my life. Through the sorrow, pain, and strife, I could never let you go. Let's leave the past behind. Love conquers one more time. [Music] Well, he took my hand and said, "There's a new day just ahead. I've come to take you home. [Music] I've come to take you home. I know that you've done wrong. But for you, I gave my life. Through the sorrow, pain, and strife, I could never let you go. [Music] Let's leave the past behind. Love conquers one more time. took my hand and said, "There's a new day just ahead. I've come to take you home." [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many appreciate the Lord? Amen. Sister Emily, if you come and give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's give her a hand. [Music] In vain man tried to enter heaven for a door could not be found. Heaven's walls were great and high. All inside were safe and sound. God who so loved mankind, who he'd made and give them bread, knew that to redeem them, the price to pay was dead. [Music] No search was made to find someone who would take this dreadful chore. [Music] Cuz only one, God's only son could be heaven's only door. The angels knew once he was gone, a song would not be. But a door to heaven is of no use unless on earth it's hung. A door was hung at Calary. It's standing open wide. Eternal life is waiting for all who step inside. And what has become earth's greatest game was heaven's greatest loss. Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. He entered this world through a virgin's womb and he felt our pain and strife. Through the door of death, he soon would go. Our great ransom paid for life. Once inside the door was sealed. Satan thought he'd won the war. But it's no secret how death was conquered. The key was in the door. A door was hung in Calary. It's standing open wide. Eternal life is waiting for all who step inside. And what has become earth's greatest game was heaven's greatest loss. Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. And what has become earth's greatest game? What's heaven's greatest loss? Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I lost my space here. One second. [Music] Brother Aaron. Amen. Sister Dell. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Every time I tried to make it on my own. Every time I try to stand and start to fall, all those lonely roads that I've traveled on, there was Jesus when the life I build came crashing to the ground. When the friends I had were nowhere to be found, I couldn't see it then, but I can see it now. There was Jesus [Music] [Applause] in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing, in the hurting. Like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been, and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus [Music] for this man who needs amazing kind of grace for forgiveness at a price I couldn't pay. [Music] I'm not perfect. So I thank God every day. [Music] Well, there was Jesus [Applause] [Music] [Applause] in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing, in the hurting. like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it, I couldn't see it. There was Jesus on the mountains, in the valleys. There was Jesus in the shadows of the There was Jesus in the fire and the flood. [Music] always know. [Music] I never want to. You're always there in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing, in the hurting like a blessing in the broken pieces. Oh, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it, Come see it. There was Jesus. [Music] There was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Applause] Brother Josh Martin to give us a song again this morning. Amen. Just appreciate. Come on, my brother. Amen. Let's give him a hand. [Applause] You enjoying the special this morning? Got a little nervous. That's the thing. Amen. It's good to be with y'all this morning. Amen. When you get to heaven, after the trumpet sounds, you decide to look me up. Don't waste your time looking around. I won't be at my mansion. You won't find me by the sea. Just find Jesus. There I'll be. [Music] I want to see the unseen arms that held me through the storm. I want to touch the hands that touched and completely changed my life. I want to hear him speak the words that brought such peace to me. Just find Jesus [Music] and there I'll be [Music] when I step through those pearly gates. There'll be so much to see. I'll behold manions top stroll down the golden streets. Though the splendor will be amazing, there's only one attraction for me. Just find Jesus and there I'll be. I want to see the unseen arms that held me through the storm. I want to touch the hands that touched and completely changed my life. I want to hear him speak the words that brought such peace to me. Just find Jesus and there I'll be [Music] when you get to heaven after the trumpet sounds. You decide to look me up. Don't waste your time looking around. I won't be at my mansion. You won't find me by the sea. Just find Jesus and there I'll be. I want to see the unseen arms that held me through the storm. I want to touch the hands that touched and completely changed my life. I want to hear him speak the words that brought such peace to me. Just find Jesus. And there I'll be. Just find Jesus. And there I'll be [Music] just find Jesus. [Music] And there I'll be. [Music] [Applause] Brother Joe. Amen. Y'all sung a song. The last time y'all sung, you and Sister Becky, I want y'all to come and sing that song this morning. Amen. I think this is a real special song. Amen. I really enjoyed this. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Well, Josh, I tell Tell you what, that's my testimony. Just find Jesus and there I'll be. Amen. Oh my, what a song. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Y'all pray for me. I've had the crud or whatever you want to call it. But in the Bible, we read how Lazarus [Music] was laid at the rich man's gate. [Music] source desiring the crumbs fell from the rich man's place. Oh, when he died, he was carried by angels to the bosom of Abraham. And although he was poor in heaven, I'm sure that there's not a richure man. Cuz it don't take this world's possessions. No money that I'll have to pay. It just took the blood of God's only son to wash all my sins away. And I don't have much longer to stay here. My race is almost run. And Lord, you know I've seen better days, but the best is yet to come. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My pockets aren't filled money and I don't wear the lady styles. [Music] And the house that I live in was old and run down. That's all right. It'll do for a while. Cuz soon I'll inherit a mansion. Oh, that never will decay. And I'll wear a white robe and a crown of glory that fadeth not away. Cuz it don't take this world's possessions. No money that I'll have to pay. It just took the blood of God's only son to wash all my sins away. And I don't have much longer to stay here. My race is almost run. [Music] And Lord, you know I've seen better days, but the best is yet to come. [Music] And Lord, you know I've seen better days, but the best is yet to come. [Music] [Applause] The more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my gift, the more it takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I Lord I love you more than I surrender. [Applause] more the lighter my load. More that I release my case, more he takes control, [Music] the more that I surrender. [Music] Oh, more he lifts me up. [Music] every day. [Applause] [Music] And it gets easier to understand the road I'm traveling down. No more wondering or wavering. I'm standing on solid ground. Now I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. More than I surrender, Lord. The light of my love. The more that I release my care, the more he takes control, [Music] the more I humble my lift me up. Oh, I Lord, I love you more. The problems I had on yesterday are mere stepping stones to a higher place. Those trials that seem so awome to me are now my banners of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home voice. Hear yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Applause] The more that I release my Oh boy. He takes control. [Music] He lifts me up and every day I lord. [Music] [Applause] Oh my, what a wonderful atmosphere to receive the word of God. Are you enjoying the presence of God? Amen. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. Welcome them to the house of God, to the camp of the king. Amen. We want you to feel welcome. Amen. Feel at home among friends, among the family of God. You know, one of the things that that Balam knew that he couldn't overcome, he said, he told Balo, he said, "You don't understand." He said, "Why can't you curse him?" He said, "You don't get it." Said, "The shout of a king's among them." How the shout of the king is here today. There's no devil, not enough devils. Amen. In all creation to hinder the presence of God. Are your hearts open now? Ready for the word of God? Appreciate all the specials. I appreciate all the singing. Amen. And uh but now we come to that all most important part. Amen. That the hearing, the receiving, and then then you know the preacher can be anointed in the back. Prophet said he can be ever so anointed. So, but if he walk out here and the Holy Spirit feel that resistance that he just won't move. Amen. He just won't move. How many want to make the king welcome today? Say, Lord, whatever's in your word, whatever I have need of, bring it across this pullpit. We saw him do miraculous things last night in the word and in the prayer line. And I just want to encourage all of you who came up in the prayer line. And I was having a hard time containing myself seeing the young people come through. Yes. Oh man. Is it Lord fill them head to toe? Hallelujah. Oh my. And so we want to see more of that. I you know we we gave the Lord a fair warning last night, didn't we? We said, "Hey, tomorrow, that's today. We're going to need your new mercies again. We're going to need a fresh kill of the word. We're eagles. We got to have fresh kill of the word." And I believe that the Lord is faithful to that. I know he's here. I know he is. I know he comes to anoint the word. So I just want to invite you today to open up your heart and mind as we invite brother Andrew to come. It's been a wonderful today's our fourth service and I wish we could put a say how many more would you like to have? Well, we got four. Put a zero behind it and I'd be okay. Amen. We've done that before. We had a 30-day uh 30-day youth revival, Brother Josh. 30 days. Yeah, we've done that one time way back in the day. We did 10-day revival. A lot of times you do three or four days and by the time everything just gets really good, it's time to quit. And so we've ran 10 days. We've ran 30 days before. I had three different preachers come over 30 days. I remember my daughter-in-law sitting right over here, probably 15 years old at the time. She said, "Wow, I can't believe I've been in church for 30 straight days." I said, "Well, you have uh you have, sister." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're happy in the Lord today. And I just want Brother Andrew, how many wanting to take his complete liberty again today? Say, "Lord, whatever I have need of, anoint your servant." Amen. We're going to ask Brother Anthony to sing that again. I love Sister Brenda Lewis. What a treasure. Amen. What a treasure. And guess what? She's your eternal treasure. Oh, you could never lose her now. She's home free. Amen. That sister over there, if you think she wrote, my goodness, how many songs she had? Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds. and uh over there, man, she'll just be getting started. I want to hear her sing them again. Amen. I think brother Anthony does a wonderful job. Amen. Honoring his mother-in-law and those songs. Amen. As we invite Brother Andrew to come at this time, lead us again, Brother Tony. God bless you. The more that I spread. Oh, lift it up now. The lighter my Lord. Oh my. The more that I release my hand, the more he takes my heart. [Music] Gloria [Applause] [Music] and every day I live, Lord. Oh, let's sing it one more time with all our hearts. The more that I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh, yes. I release my king. The more control. I [Music] lift me up and every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Amen. How many is that your testimony here this morning? Amen. That the more you surrender, Amen, the lighter our load becomes. Amen. We want to say God bless you all this morning. My what a wonderful uh morning it is to serve the Lord. Amen. To be gathered together in this atmosphere of believers and to as brother Jason was speaking there about the atmosphere. I couldn't help but think of the prophet of God when he said Jesus come riding into town. He said and the whole atmosphere was charged with expectation. Amen. I believe as believers that we don't just get into the uh mood of expectation once a year or twice a year, but I believe every day of our lives. Amen. We're not just living under expectation of the next meeting or the next special event, but at any moment our bodies could be changed. And we can leave this dimension and go to another. Amen. I I believe change is upon us. Don't you? Amen. We say God bless you this morning. And if you have your Bibles, while you're standing, we want to go straight in the word. We have a few things here on our heart this morning. We just want to share with you. We want to invite you with us to the book of Jeremiah. The book of Jeremiah, the first chapter. And uh we want to say it sure has been an honor and a privilege to be here once again, brother Jason. We sure appreciate the invitation to come and appreciate your friendship and uh we got to be with you all there for a few days back in October uh in your youth camps. The Lord allowed it. we was able to uh come down for a few days there with brother Josh and got to uh maybe rekindle some friendships again and sure was an awesome time in the Lord and we sure appreciate the assembly here and sister Debbie. God bless you and the family and again it's good to have my wife and our little baby Malachi with us and brother Josh and sister Loretta and we sure appreciate brother Josh and his ministry and stand on this message and I tell you there's one thing about it. Amen. The Lord uh loaded that Martin family full of gifts. Amen. uh three pastors. I don't know how many of the kids are preachers and singers and just a real testimony of a family of this message and we sure appreciate them this morning. And I saw brother Jim and sister Linda back there. God bless you all this morning. Uh they've known me since I was a baby. Uh friends of our family for many, many years. So sure good to see you all. And of course all the ministers, we say God bless you this morning. And we just want this morning to bow our hearts for a word of prayer. How many would just say, "Lord, speak to me." Amen. I believe he's here to do that. Heavenly Father, Lord, thy word is true here this morning. And Lord, as we have been taught by prophet that anyone with physical strength can open this book and Lord, they can turn the pages. Lord, if they have good eyesight, they can find certain sections to read. But Lord, it takes your spirit to take spiritual strength and to open up what we're reading. That it might become more than just a letter on the page. It might become more than just words that we're reading or things that we're hearing. that Lord, it would become life-changing direction. It would become, Lord, life-changing instruction. And Lord, as we have sung the songs of Zion, every song that has been sung, Lord, just an anointing upon it, Father, Lord, creating the atmosphere now that your word could come forth without reservation. Lord, without restriction, Lord, I pray that you would send grace upon this meeting. Father, you see all the sick and needy among us, Lord. I believe that you already healed them 2,000 years ago. Father, this morning, may their body become subject to what you done 2,000 years ago at Calvary. Lord, for those that are bound, I believe you delivered them 2,000 years ago at Calvary. May their bodies become subject to that deliverance this morning. And Lord, may you send this spirit of revelation in the building, Lord. That we, Father, as we have heard it said uh several years ago in a sermon by our brother, brother Reagan, Lord, we want to be charged for the present, but oh God, we want to be changed for the future. And Lord, we're asking you this morning. May you charge us for these present days and hours ahead. But Lord, may you change us eternally for the future. Oh God. Lord, may it be another Emmas road walk here this morning. That when we would leave the place, we would say, "Did not our hearts burn within us? Not as as brother Andrew talked to us or brother Jason, Lord, but as you talked to us along the way. And we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. For it's do thy wonderful name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray." And all the believers says, "Amen and amen." The book of Jeremiah, the first chapter, and we want to look here in the fourth verse. The Bible here says, "Then the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Before I formed thee in thy belly, I knew thee, and before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations." Then said I, Lord God, behold, behold, I cannot speak, for I am a child. But the Lord said unto me, Say not, I am a child, for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee, thou shalt speak. Be not afraid of their faces, for I am with thee to deliver thee, sayaith the Lord. But then the Lord put forth his hand and touch my mouth. Now watch this. And the Lord said unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth. So these are no longer the words of Jeremiah. They are now the words of God speaking through Jeremiah. See, I have this day set thee over the nations, over the kingdoms. Now watch. To root out and to pull down and to destroy and to throw down, to build, and to plant. So amen. Jeremiah is not going to physically do this with his hands. He's not going to tear down, destroy physically. But the word that is in his mouth has the power to tear down, to pull down, to root out, to destroy, to throw down. But the same word that is seasoned with the power to destroy is the same word that is anointed to build and to plant. So, so the same word that destroys is the same word that establishes. Now, I want to look also in the book of Daniel, the ninth chapter. The book of Daniel, the 9th chapter. And we just have some things here uh this morning on our heart that by the grace of God we can tie together in Daniel the 9th chapter and in the first verse of Daniel 9. I believe that as you read the book of Daniel we could very well say it's a book of revelation from the New Testament in the Old Testament. It's a book of symbols the same as the book of Revelation. In Daniel 9:1, it says, "In the first year of Darius, the son of Assurus, of the seed of the Mes, which was made king over the realm of the Chaldans." Now, in the first year of his reign, I Daniel understood by books. I, Daniel, understood by books the number of the years whereof, the word of the Lord came to who? Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish 70 years in the desolations of Jerusalem. And he says,"I set my face unto the Lord God to seek by prayer and supplication with fasting and sackcloth and ashes." So whatever Daniel was reading had the power to move him into desperation to where he would actually begin to seek the God who made the promise to fulfill the promise. He said, "I set my face with sackcloth and fashion uh fasting and ashes, amen, towards the Lord in prayer." Now, I want to look in one other place in John the 15th chapter, and I want to pull a word out of John uh 15 and:e 16. Y'all y'all have to forgive me. Uh sometimes I think I might get a reputation of reading a lot of opening scriptures. Uh but I I personally enjoy studying the Bible under the voice of the seventh angel. Amen. And seeing him tie scriptures together. In John 15 and verse 16, Jesus says, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." Now, here's that word and ordained you. The same word he used with Jeremiah, he's now using with the church. And ordained you that you should go forth, you should bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain and whatsoever ye shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to add the blessing to the reading of his word as you can be seated. I also want to say it's been a real honor to be with brother Brad and sister Sarah. Thank you all for all the hospitality and taking uh very good care of us and all the food and amen. Uh we got a representation of Tennessee down here. Amen. We sure love brother Brad and Sister Sarah and the family. God bless you all this morning. And I want to hear uh by the help of the Lord just to speak to you for a few moments. And I want to title this ordained to the message by the spirit. Ordained to the message by the spirit. I I personally believe, amen, that the hour has come as men of God, as preachers of the word, amen, to preach the people into a higher height of the word of God and to deeper depths. I I believe the time has come that God is not uh leaving us just shallow Christians, just just church members, just going to church. But I believe the hour has come, amen, that the word is bringing us stability in the church. Now, uh, as ministers, I believe we have been commissioned by a vindicated prophet. Amen. That we are to establish the people in the word and the word in the people. We're not to establish ourselves. Brother said, "The problem today is we're trying to establish ourselves in the hearts of the people, but we are commanded to establish the word of God, which Paul said, I didn't come to you with enticing words of men that your faith might rest up in the knowledge of man." Amen. But I come to you in power and manifestations of the Holy Ghost. Amen. that your faith might rest in God. Amen. Peter would say that you would be established in the present truth. So the hour is not come to establish the church in a doctrine or just in a creed or just in an idea, but the hour I believe has come, amen, to establish the church in the word teachings of what a vindicated prophet has said about the hour that we're living in. Now I I just maybe share this with you where some inspiration come for this all in 1965. Does God ever change his mind about his word? Brother Bramman is there ordaining ministers. And he says here in paragraph 42, he says, "Does anybody know brother Merlin Anon now? Uh, brother brother Jason, you might have known Brother Merlin, a pastor there in Louisiana. Actually, Brother Rodney Payne uh there in Louisiana, I believe, is a part of what used to be brother Merlin's church years ago. He said, "Brother Brother Merlin here, he is new to me uh with the Salvation Army. Do you remember me?" Brother said, "Oh, yes, I do, brother." He said, "Right, you're from the Salvation Army. I didn't I didn't recognize you at first. your face didn't look familiar to me at this time. He says, "But how many knows this man to be a man of God?" Everybody says, "Amen." He said, "How many believes that God is working with him?" Then raise your hand. They said, "Amen." Will you pray for him? Amen. He says, "Now, brother, we know that you're coming from a great group of people, the Salvation Army. Great group of people. They do a great work out on the street. And we can say nothing against the Nazarene, the Pentecostal Church, or the Salvation Army, or any of them. They are our brethren." So here comes brother Merlin. Amen. From the Salvation Army. And the prophet of God says we can say nothing against them. They're our brethren. He said, "But you see, we believe that we are carriers of a great message for this very hour." Amen. That we're living in. He said, "Do you want to do that with us?" And brother Anthony says, "Amen." Amen. Now, if you study through, and I'm not going to read them all to you, but if you study through several different ordinations of the prophet of God ordaining men to preach, Amen. He's making it very clear that he is ordaining them to preach this message. He's not ordaining them to further the work of the Salvation Army. He's not ordaining them to further the creeds or the traditions of the Pentecostal church. Amen. He's not Amen. Excuse me. He's not even ordaining them to continue in the Nazarene doctrine. He is showing them that I am ordaining you to preach the message of the hour. Now, now you all know if a Baptist ordains a Baptist, he's ordaining him to fulfill, Amen, and to continue Baptist doctrine. If a Methodist ordains a Methodist, he's ordaining him to continue in Methodist doctrine. Amen. But Brother Brandham was ordaining men, amen, to preach Christ as he has been revealed through this end time message. Let me just say this. I'm not here, Amen, to blast what the Pentecostals are doing. I'm not here to blast what the Baptist or the Methodist or Amen. They've got their place. They can do as they feel, work as they feel. Amen. But there's an ordination upon the life of this bride. Amen. And that is to preach and to believe the message of the hour. Amen. That is not revealing a present or revealing a past day Jesus. Amen. But is revealing a living God. Listen. Amen. I believe that we are carriers of a great message. And this message, amen, has not come from Jeffersonville. It has not come from the Arizona. It has not come from a seminary or from a school. Amen. But this message has come from God. Amen. From heaven itself. Remember said talk about perseverance. Speaking of Moses, he walked right up in the face of Pharaoh and said, "Let them go." Why? He had talked face to face with God until he had his commission. He said, "I think if ministering brethren today would just not take it from an intellectual standpoint." Amen. but would find them a place on the back side of the desert on the sacred stands where Satan cannot place his dirty feet of unbelief and they will stay there until a message comes from God. Amen. And positionally places you in the ministry. Amen. Then all the devils out of torment could not shake you from it. Amen. Because you know that you have been called. Now you say, "Well, Brother Andrew, I'm not a preacher. I'm not an evangelist. I'm not a pastor." Amen. But watch a prophet turn a corner and say, "I think each Christian ought to do that." Amen. Before you come out and confess the Holy Ghost, the baptism, there ought to be such a personal contact with God until the intellectuals in the world could not explain it from you. Amen. You've been there. You've had the witness and you know it so. Amen. You have received the power from God on high. Let me just go ahead and say this. I can't help what others do. I can't help what other men say. I can't help what other preachers preach. Amen. But as for me and my house, Amen. We have been ordained to the message of the hour. Amen. And the way a prophet said it is the way I'm going to say it. Amen. The way a prophet approached it is the way I'm going to approach it. The way a prophet placed it is the way I'm going to place it. Amen. Listen, time is running out. Amen. America is falling apart. Amen. Judgment clouds are gathering over this world. Amen. At any minute, the prophet said, "This nation could be atomic fire." Amen. but unto you that will receive the son of righteousness. He will arise with healing in his wings. And he will fly over the church. And as he flies over the church, amen, he is releasing a message to the church. Amen. Let me just go and say it. You're not a bunch of weak, beat down, hopeless, helpless. Amen. Church members in Buford, South Carolina. Amen. But God who is rich in mercy. Amen. Has sent you a message in this hour. And it's a message of vision. It's a message of answer. It's a message of anointing. It's a message of power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we agree? We are ordained to the message. And I get a witness here today. We are ordained to the message. Amen. If we are ordained to the message, Amen. Then I'll say this. We are responsible for a message. The prophet of God said, "I don't want to hurt feelings." Amen. But I am responsible for a message. And that message is come out of this mess. Amen. the message you've been ordained to and the message a prophet was responsible to God to bring to this generation. Amen. Was come out of this mess. And if I ask you to come out, Amen. then where am I going to take you when I take you to Brandham Tabernacle? It's got as much fault as any of the rest of them. Amen. But there's one place I can take you. Amen. Where you are safe and protected from death. And that's in Jesus Christ, God's place of worship. Amen. Then this message was not leading you. Amen. from one mess to another. It was not leading you from one bondage to another. Amen. But this message was leading you, amen, from the chaos of religion. Amen. From the confusion of man's ideas, from the traditions of society, from the traditions of religion. Amen. This message was a guide. Amen. It was a star that appeared to lead you into the presence of Jesus Christ. Listen, God's tabernacle, amen, is where he will meet with his worshippers and his worshippers will meet with him. And we have not been ordained to stay out. We have been ordained to come in. Amen. We've not been ordained to stay out of the presence. We have been ordained to come in his presence. I I love what Jeremiah 15 says. Amen. Before I formed thee in the belly, I knew thee. And before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee and ordained thee. Amen. A prophet of the nation. Somebody say ordain thee. Ordain thee. Amen. Now look at this word ordained. It means to give, bestow, grant, permit, ascribe, employ, devote, consecrate, dedicate, exchange, lend, commit, entrust, give over. It means to yield produce. Remember said Jeremiah before he was even brought from his mother's womb. Amen. God said he knew him, sanctified him, ordained him a prophet over the nation. Amen. Before he ever come from his mother's womb. Amen. So Jeremiah was not born. Amen. and God come down in the birthing room and look at Jeremiah and say, "Man, amen. That looks like a man I can use. That that looks like somebody I can ordain." Amen. To carry my word. Amen. But before he was ever even conceived, amen, in his mother's womb, amen, the almighty sovereignty of God, amen, called him, ordained him, sanctified him, and positionally placed him, amen, as a prophet over the nation. Listen, I want to say this. Jeremiah was born in the world. Amen. And he didn't find a specific purpose. He was born for a specific purpose. Amen. And the Bible says, Amen. As many as received him, to them gave he power. Amen. To become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name. Watch how they were born not of the will of flesh, nor of the will of man. Amen. But of the will of God. Amen. Listen. You were not born of the will of flesh. You were not born of the will of man. Amen. You have been reborn by the will of God. And that will of the blood of God has enlightened you that you were born for a specific purpose now. Amen. I don't have time to go through the Bible. Amen. Is it okay to preach this morning? Is that okay? Amen. I don't have time to go through the Bible and find all the places where God shows you. Amen. He had a specific purpose for his children. Amen. But I do want to show you a few. Amen. If you look at Moses, Amen. God raised up a man by the name of Moses and borne him in this world. Amen. For a specific purpose. And that specific, now there's a difference in a purpose and a specific purpose. Amen. And that specific purpose, amen, was to deliver the people that were in bondage that couldn't help themselves. You look at Israel, brother said God chose Israel for one select or one specific purpose that the blood of Israel would be the cleanest bloodstream. Amen. For out of that lineage was going to come the Messiah himself. Amen. So the specific purpose over, Amen. the Israelite bloodstream was that the Messiah, Amen, would come out of that bloodstream. Amen. Now, we can leave Moses and Israel and let's go to Jesus. He said, "No man come to me except the father draws him first." See, it's nothing you can do about it. Jesus didn't come to Calvary, amen, to die for a half-hazard purpose. He didn't come there and say, "Well, maybe I'll die. It'll be so pathetic. Some people will see I died and maybe they'll come and serve the Lord." Amen. But Jesus come for a specific purpose and it was to redeem those who God by fornowledge. Amen. Had elected to come to him. Amen. Then there is a connection. Amen. But between the specific purpose of Jesus, Amen. and the specific purpose of you. As a matter of fact, this bride, amen, was the specific purpose of almighty God. Amen. When he sent Jesus to the cross, listen friends, Moses had a specific purpose. Israel had a specific purpose. Jesus had a specific purpose. Amen. But I'm just going to go ahead and tell you, you are here, Amen, for a specific purpose. You're not just here to take up a pew in Bethl Tabernacle. You're not just here to pay taxes and fulfill a career. Amen. But you are here, Amen, for a specific purpose. Amen. And this purpose didn't come from your father. And it didn't come from your mother. It didn't come from your job. It didn't come from a school. Amen. But this purpose came from the presence of Jesus Christ. God didn't make you just to see if he can make you. Amen. He made you for a purpose. Amen. You are here not to be just another human being. You are here because God made you for some purpose. You are here for a specific purpose. Then no matter how little you are, how big you are, how important you are, how unimportant you are, you are here to serve a purpose. No matter how big you are, little important, unimportant. Amen. You are here to serve a purpose. He said, "See, if we were put here for a purpose, then there is nothing that can destroy us until God's purpose is fulfilled. If we are put here for a purpose, there is nothing that can destroy us until the purpose that God placed us here is fulfilled." Amen. Nothing can harm us until the purpose God put us here has been made manifest. No matter what trouble we have, what heartaches or sorrows we go through. Amen. All there's a reason for it. Now I want to say at you like this. What God calls you to be. Amen. You'll be. Thank you, brother. Amen. You didn't know you was coming preached, but you are. Look at somebody next to you and say, "What God called you to be is what you're going to be. What God called you to be is what you're going to be." Remember said, "If God wants you to be a certain thing, then he brings you to this earth to be it, and you'll be it." In other words, you cannot outrun, Amen, the divine call of God. Amen. If he called you to the earth to be a preacher, you're going to be it. If he called you to the earth to be an overcomer, you're going to be it. Whatever purpose that God called you upon the earth to be, you're going to be. Amen. Because God's call comes by a divine call. And can I tell you what I believe by the word, Amen, that God has called you, Amen, and ordained you by the spirit to this message. Amen. Your specific purpose upon this earth, Amen, is this message. Amen. Your purpose of living ought to be this message. Your purpose of being ought to be this message. Amen. Listen. Amen. There's a hundred preachers in the world today. There's millions of preachers. Amen. But there's a difference in a preacher and a message preacher. Amen. There's millions of churches across the land. Amen. But there's a difference in a church and a message church. And you know what the difference is? Amen. One has put Christ on the outside. Amen. But the other has received the Isa of Revelation 3. Amen. to receive Christ in their midst. And when Christ comes in the church, he comes in the form of divine presence. Come on, church. He comes in the form of divine presence. And when he comes into the church and you recognize his presence, then you release his power. Brother preached an entire sermon called the unrecognized presence of God. Amen. Showing you he can be here. But if you don't recognize him, you'll never receive from him. Amen. But the very minute you recognize that Jesus Christ, the son of God, is not in a tomb in Jerusalem, but he's here in supreme authority, you will recognize his presence. And when you recognize his presence, you will release his power. Amen. To fulfill the desires of your heart. Listen, I think we can say away with empty services. I think we can say away with empty sermons. I say with this message, we can say away, amen, with just meaningless gatherings of people. But there has come a word in this generation and it's a word of fulfillment. It's not a partial realization. It's a perfect realization that the God of the Bible has stepped from the pages again and he's walking in the midst of his church. I'm not a crazy man. I got a purpose on my life. And the purpose upon my life is the message. And the message has revealed to me that I am back in position with God to ask anything I desire, anytime I desire it. And if my heart is right and sin doesn't condemn me, then I've got a right to petition my father. Well, glory to God. I don't know what message you received, but I tell you what John said. He said, "This is the message which we have heard of him and we declare unto you." So, they didn't receive the message and then put it on a bookshelf. But what they received, they declared. And what they declared was there is no darkness in God at all. It's all light. Amen. What they were declaring was the days of darkness is over. Go listen to your rise of the sun. Amen. And for the first time, Amen. from the dead dark denominationalism. There will come forth a message that the full word will be waved over the people again. And for the first time, he says, in the bride coming of Christ, there will come forth for a bride age. Listen friends, Paul has had his time. Moses has had his time. Peter has had his time. William Brandom has had his time. Amen. that this is your time. Amen. This is your anointing. Amen. This is your season. Amen. Paul ran his race. Amen. Jesus even come on the earth in a corporal body and ran his race. Amen. But now we have heard the voice coming from the finish line. Amen. Lay aside every weight. Lay aside every sin and run the race with patience that is set before you. Listen, I propose to you this morning that we're not just starters. Amen. But we're finishers. I propose to you this morning that there's a bride who's not going to come up short. She's not going to come up lacking, but she has received, Amen. a message that'll release a strength in her and she'll cross the finish line. Hallelujah. It's the word of God. It's the strength. Amen. Coming in the church. Amen. This is the message. We've heard of him, Brother Joe. There's no darkness in him. It's all light. Amen. There's no weakness in him. It's all strength. There's no sadness in him. It's all joy. There's no doubt in him. It's all faith. And I'll just go ahead and say it. There is no turning around in him. It's forward, forward, onward, and upward. Anybody agree with me, we're going forward. We're going onward. And brother Matt, some morning between 6:00 and 9, we're going to go upward. Amen. The Holy Ghost has one message and that is speak the word and go forward. My this message then is an announcement. It is a promise. It is a blessing. Now do you realize the prophet God preaches it very beautiful why it had to be shepherds. He said the highest of heaven which was God came down to make himself known to the lowest of the earth bypassing all between to make himself known to common herdsmen coming to give these common herdsmen. Amen. The greatest message of all times. They thought their purpose, Amen brother, Amen, was to fulfill, Amen, the tending of sheep. But little did they realize, brother brother Kenny, there was another purpose on their life. And that was not a purpose of tending sheep. Amen. But it was to be the announcers. Amen. Of the greatest message of all time and the great learn, kings, potentates, monarchs. But here he comes. Amen. With the greatest of all the messages. You say, "What is the message?" The message the shepherds declared was Messiah is here now. So God, brother Chris didn't go get the kings. He didn't go get the potentates. He didn't go he didn't go s through the seminaries and find somebody that had a polished vocabulary to go declare he was here. But he went brother Jason to the mountains and he found some sheep that were tending their or some shepherds tending their sheep and he got a hold of them and he declared to them Messiah is here. And they ran into the city. Amen. declaring Messiah is not just coming. Amen. But Messiah is here. Oh, how can I hold my peace? When I look across this building this morning and I see a bunch of nobodies, you're hearing from a nobody. We're a bunch of nobodies. Rejects. Amen. Outcast of society. Amen. But God who is rich in mercy. Amen. Bypass. Amen. More polished people. But he placed a seed in your soul by the fornowledge of God. And he give you a courage to say that the Messiah is not coming. Amen. But the Messiah is here. Listen, friends. Amen. God has chose nobody's, amen, to declare his message in this age. He don't need your ability. He just needs your surrendered heart that'll say, "Yes, it's the truth." If a prophet said it, he doesn't need your education as a preacher. He needs your voice to just say what a prophet said and watch the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Strike the mechanics in the church. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. It's a message of a king. It's a message of power. It's a message of announcement that Christ is in his church. Messiah is here. Come on, church. Amen. I'm just going to preach to you since I'm here. Messiah is here. Messiah is here. And if he's here, we ought to make him welcome. I said if he's here, we ought to make him welcome. When an announcement is made that Christ is in the church, we ought to make him welcome. Brother Jason, I know you know about this. You You've been overseas hundreds of times, probably thousands. Amen. You know about it. You go overseas, you come out on the platform, there's all these all these foreign eyes looking at you. You've never met him, never shook their hand. And the pastor gets up and says, "We've got I I've had it happen to me over in Africa." One time, pastor gets up and says, "We got Brother Andrew Glover all the way from America. Come over here to preach the gospel. Got saved when he was nine. Got the Holy Ghost when he was 12. Started preaching when he was 13. Amen. Married. got a family. I mean, all these things. And then all of a sudden, they'll go through some of the things about you and then they'll say, "Now, let's make him welcome." And then all of a sudden, people will stand up and they will begin to clap. And they will do everything they can because they want you to feel that they're happy that you come, amen, to visit them. Well, let me just say this. I did not come here this morning, amen, to introduce myself. I didn't come here this morning, amen, to give you my resume of where I've been and what I've done and what I've preached. Amen. But I did come here to tell you, amen, that God has sent a message. And it's the message of the Messiah. Amen. And he is a God who's walked on water. He has stopped funeral possessions. He has raised the dead. He has stopped storms. He has opened blinded eyes. He has unbound dumb tongues. He has opened the ears of the dead. Amen. And he's here this morning. Then you know what? I say make him welcome. Amen. We ought to make him welcome here. We ought to welcome the Messiah into the church and welcome him with his power and his deity and all of his glory. He's here, friends. We ought to make him welcome. We ought to welcome him in the front. We ought to welcome him in the back. We ought to welcome him in our young people. We welcome this message to come into the church and to free the captive. This is not a man. This is a scriptural message. And a prophet said, "This le oysian age is supposed to receive a message." The le oyssey age is supposed to receive a message. Who said they would? Malachi 4. So that tells me then we have, brother Joe, a scriptural message. Now I said it to you like this. What the prophet said, he said, "We have a message for this day. We believe that God has given us a message now. Amen. It just comes to me, so I'm just going to pick it up while it's here. Amen. I think it's a downright shame. Amen. That for the first time in 2,000 years, we finally got a five-fold ministry on the earth that's got something to say. And we got a bunch of fanatics. Amen. Tell them just push play now. Come on, church. Amen. For years, Amen. Come on now. For years, they didn't have nothing to say. It was a bunch of feelings and emotions and I feel and I sense. Amen. But God released a message and now they're saying don't preach it. Amen. But I tell you, the only people you'll get to shut up is a bunch of hierlands. Amen. But you'll never get a man of God to shut up. Amen. Because you didn't hire him and you cannot fire him. He was called on the sacred sands. His feet stood where Moses stood and he will not shut up and he will not lay his Bible down and quit. Amen. Because he is recognized in this message was the revealing of his purpose. Oh, brother said, "What is it?" He said people say what is this term you use message of the hour. He said here it is. It's God's promise of this hour. So if you hear the term what is the message of the hour? You can automatically say it's God's promise for this hour. It's not a man. It's not a denomination. It's God's scriptural promise for the age you're living in. Remember said in recognizing your Danish message. Do you see the message of the hour? Can you recognize where we are? The message itself. Somebody say itself from the scripture interprets to you the hour that we're living in. The message itself from the scripture interprets to you the hour we're living in. How many can agree with me? Amen. That reading this message is like reading the morning paper before you actually see the morning paper. Now come on. Amen. You can read this message and then go look in society and you don't need to read the newspaper because the message already said the way it would be. Come on. He already told us the time would come that there would be a Sodom law coming into effect. Come on. Amen. Amen. We should not be we should not be alarmed. Amen. So much that they're shooting up schools. Amen. Cuz a prophet said in the 50s and 60s, Amen. that this world is one degree from total insanity. He said, "Boy, go in the schools. Shoot up the schools." Amen. Are you hearing me? This message is not a coincidence. This message is not a throw it out there and see if it happens. Amen. This message is a divine interpretation, amen, of the age and the season that you're living in. And I say this evening, friends, amen, this bride is not a bunch of helpless, hopeless church members. Amen. She has got a ministry. Proph will the bride have a ministry before the rapture? He said, sure, that's going on right now. See the bride of Christ certainly brother Luther what is her ministry? He said it's the message of the hour. The ministry of the bride is the message of the hour. You say then what is the message of the hour? It is the promise to see Jesus. Over 20 sermons can we see Jesus? No man can hear about God unless something desires to see him. Amen. Amen. Can we see Jesus? Come on, Zakius. Amen. You're going to climb up a sycamore tree, but in your heart there is a desire. Amen. I want to see Jesus. Amen. Y'all y'all forgive me. I heard it said one time. Amen. They said them sycamore trees are slick as slick as I don't know what. They said, you know why? Because Zakius skinned that thing down coming down. Amen. Amen. He climbed up the tree. Amen. He got up there and you know what he said? He found where two limbs come together and he met in the trunk of the tree and there he sat down. He said, "Now, that's a good place to sit where two ways meet. See, yours and God's, your idea and his." That's a good time to sit down and think it over. Amen. Your own thoughts about him and what his word says he is or what you think he is and what the word says he is. A good place to sit down and watch what the message of the hour is to your thinking and what the message of the hour is to his word. Yeah, it's a good place to sit down and see what the message of the hour is to your thinking and what the message of the hour is to his word. That's the difference. See, now can I just tell you what I believe? I believe the message is Christ. Brother said in the toolken 61 or 63, he said we're not come together to talk about the message. We are coming together to get in the message. Amen. And the message is Christ. Anybody tell you this message is anything different? Show him this quote and say what a prophet said. The message is Christ and Christ is the word. That's right. Amen. Then we are to get into it. We are to get beneath it. So the message is Christ and we are to get into the message. We are to get beneath the message. Brother said what is the message of the hour? Amen. It is apply the token. So there is a connection between the token and the message. You go read Exodus 12 and the very first part you'll read, I will pass through the land of Egypt. Amen. Watch what he's saying. I will pass through. Amen. But drop down a few verses. And he says, "And I will pass over you and the plague shall not be upon you." Amen. So he's going to pass through the land. Amen. And he's going to pass over those, Amen. who are under the token of the message of the hour that they're living in. In other words, Amen. He will pass over you because you're under the token. Amen. If you want him to pass through you, Amen. Get out from under the token and try to get above the token and he'll pass over you and he'll smite you with the death angel. Amen. But if you'll get underneath the blood, if you'll get underneath a message, when the death angel begins to swirl throughout the land, he will not pass through you. He will pass over you. Amen. Because whatever you're under, amen, cannot be afflicted by the death angel. And I say, "Thank God, in this hour when they're talking about atomic bombs, they're talking about World War II, we have received a bomb shelter, and it's the feathers of the eagle." And we can lead our families into it. And we can say, "Let the bombs fall." That's a rumors warm. Amen. Let the war bells ring. We are underneath a protection of the provision of God in the age we're living in. Oh yeah. Friends, this message is not something that ought to be looked at casually. It's our protection. It's our headship said he only recognizes the token. That's the message of the hour. That's the message of this day. That's the message of this time in the name of Jesus Christ. Receive it. Receive what? Receive the token. Receive it, brother. Receive the token. Now, now, now you want you want me to show you that somebody under the token is safe. We can talk about Rahab. Come on, brother. Said Rahab. Amen. He said, "You cannot read the Bible and not believe in predestination." Uh, brother Jason. Brother JD, sorry. I'll get it right in a minute. Jason, JD, what do you go by? Either one. Okay. Amen. I sit in the back room there listening. Amen. Reading, preparing for the service and hearing him talk about where I'm going. Amen. Predestination. How many can raise your hand and say, "Thank God for it. Thank God for this message. Thank God for a prophet that revealed, you never become a son at the altar. You always was a son. The only thing the altar did was give you a place, amen, to recognize who you already was before you come to the altar. He said, see then the Bible said that Rahab perished not with them who believe not. Is that right? Amen. Why? Because she believed the message of the hour. Amen. Two messengers got in her home and they I'm just going to preach here for a second. Amen. Cuz they got in her home. And I've often wondered this. Has you have you ever thought about this? Amen. The messengers did not bring the token. It was already in there unrecognized. They did not bring her a cord and say, "Here is your token. Take the token." Amen. And hang it out the door. Now, now, Brother Chris, you know what I'm talking about. Amen. You go through your house and do a spring cleaning. Amen. And there are certain things you say, "Get rid of. We don't need that." How many times did she look at that little red string and say, "We ought to get rid of that. It's not doing any good." But something would not let her throw it away. Something would not let her throw it out in the spring cleaning. Amen. Because underneath the message of Joshua, Amen, that cord, amen, changed from a red cord into the salvation of her home and her family and everything that was underneath it. And what did she say? She said, "What do I do?" They said, "Whatever you get underneath this token, when Jer when Jericho comes down, when the walls are destroyed, whatever is underneath this token, Amen, destruction will not come n." And the prophet of God said, "Rahab went to work." Amen. And you know what I think it's time to do? I think it's time to go to work. I think it's time to get our prodals in. I think it's time to get our babies in. I think it's time to get our weward loved ones in. Come on, church. Amen. There's a destruction coming. Amen. But there's a provision that has been made for this generation. Get under the token children. Get under the toolken family. A and I love what says now. He said, "Then when the war broke out," he said, "And Rahab looked out the window and she saw what was going on." He said she was not nervous. He said while the walls were falling, while the war was going on, she was inside reading the scriptures. She was in the house reading the scriptures. You know why? Amen. Because the message of the hour was you get under the token and when destruction passes through the land. Amen. It will not come naive. And she fulfilled that by obeying the voice of the messenger in the age she was living. Listen friends, I don't know about you. Amen. But God who is rich in mercy has sent another token into this generation. It is not the chemical. It is not the literal blood of Jesus. But it is the life that was in the blood. And the token is none other than the life of Jesus Christ coming back in the church in display in full effect. Come on church. Without this blood, Amen, the covenant is enulled. Amen. But with this blood, amen, the covenant is put into effect. And everything in the covenant is yours under the blood. Now, now you all will agree with me, won't you? That God is perfected in threes, right? Father, son, holy ghost. Amen. Water, blood, spirit. God is perfected in threes. What is three? It's the number of perfection. Amen. Then can I say this to you? Amen. This message, which I believe is a perfect message, has come to us in three pools. The message of the hour has come to the church in three pools. Now, I did a study on this. I don't have time to go through the whole study. Amen. But I just want to share a few parts here with you. In 1962, is this the sign of the end, sir? Brother said, "Is this that third pull that he told me three or four years ago?" First pull, remember I tried to explain it. He said, "Don't do that. Second pull, don't try." He did. I pulled anyhow. Do you remember? He said, "But then there's a third pull coming." Can we say this together? There's a third pull coming. There's a third pull coming. He said, "But don't try to explain it." He said, "Now, do you see how I approach this tonight? I don't know, but I feel duty bound to my church to say something. You draw your own conclusion." Then watch a prophet a few paragraphs later turn and go to John 14:12 and say, "The works that I do more than this shall you do." He said, "I know King James says greater, but we couldn't do greater. It's more of it." See, he was in one person then. He's in the whole church now. He's in one person then. He's in the whole church now. Now I'm I'm I'm just going to preach if that's okay. I personally believe the days of big time. Amen. Personalities are over. Pray this. Okay. Take a little liberty. I believe I believe it's over. I believe that we've come to a time where it's not a I did this and I prayed and I said and I laid hands on. Amen. But I believe we've come to a time where it's a body move. Then come on church. Amen. If if if I get a victory, come on. If we're on a team, then everybody on the team gets the victory. Amen. If brother Jason gets a victory, Amen. then I get the victory. You know why? Because we're on a team. Now, I'm just glad to preach since I'm here. Amen. I think our testimonies shouldn't be seasoned with so much eye syndrome. Oh, glory to God. I might as well preach. I'm here. Hat. Amen. I think our testimonies shouldn't be seasoned with well, I now come on. I've heard some testimonies, brother. Time they got done. I actually wonder, brother Ethan, was God even in the building? I mean, was God even there? Did he even do anything? Because it was so much I I I listen, this third pull is not a eye. Amen. It's a body. It's a body coming together. Amen. With one vision, one goal, one motive, one objective, and that's to slay every devil. Amen. That is contrary to what God has revealed in this age. Amen. More than this, how you do, I go to my father. See, he's in the whole church now. He said, "If this is the third pool, if this is the third pull, then there's a great ministry laying ahead." Now, watch him say, "The third pool is coming." Then he says, "If it is the third pull, then there's a great ministry laying ahead." Paragraph 392, indictment. He said, "May there come forth a revival of the just and a great power come among the church." Just before it's going, it's not hard to pray that, Lord, because you promised it. Amen. And we're looking for the third pull. Third pull is coming. I'm I'm I'm taking it on a trail. Okay. Third pull is coming. When the third pull comes, it'll be a great ministry ahead. Now, he says we are looking for the third pull that we know will do great things for us in our midst. Amen. We're not looking for the third pull. Amen. That he will do great things because the third pool is not a preacher. The third pool is the revelation of the word that has been revealed in this season. Then when the third pool comes in the church, amen, the third pool will be, Amen, the ministry of the bride. Why Christ speak paragraph 308, he said, God give me courage, amen, to take the sword of the word that he put in my hand about 33 years ago and hold it and march forward to the third pull is my prayer. Okay, we got third pull is ahead. Third pull will do great things. Third pull is coming. Amen. Now there's a strength to pick up a sword, brother Brad, and to march forward to the third pole. Christ is the mystery. 1963, of course, being spiritual, you watch spiritual things, not knowing this, but God knows it. If you'll turn and look at the clock, it is on the dot 2:00. It's the end of the second pull. Amen. And the third pull is at hand. We have now come all the way from the third pull is ahead. Amen. To now the third pull is at hand. Amen. Now, come on, friends. The second pull has come to its end, but the third pull is now at hand for the church. I'm just going to have to preach since I'm here. Amen. Don't you reduce this third pull. Amen. Back down to a second pull. Don't you reduce this third pull back down. Come on, church. I can take you through the third pool and show you the triune being of who you are. In the first pool, where was the sign? It was in the hand. And what was it dealing with? It was dealing with the flesh. So, the first pool was dealing with the flesh. Where was the second pull? It was the discernment of spirits which was discerning things that were buried in spirit which is the second part of you as a human. You are a body then you are a spirit. Amen. But when you come to the third pool, it was not dealing with the flesh and the hand. It was not deal with hidden things in the spirit. Amen. But the third pull, amen, was coming to your soul. Amen. Come on, friends. I feel like preaching. Amen. We are not just flesh Christians. Come on. We're not just spirit Christians. We are soul Christians. Y'all know the prophet God said. He said we are a triune being just like father, son, holy ghost. We are body, spirit, and soul. Right? He said, now watch. Every church has three kinds of believers. Can I show you? Every believer has three kinds of believers. Every believer sitting right here this morning has three kinds of believers. Your flesh is an unbeliever. Your flesh fights you. Your flesh don't want to come to church. Your flesh don't want to raise your hand. Your flesh don't want to say amen. Your flesh don't want to play the piano. Your flesh don't want to lead the songs. Brother Jason, it's your flesh that don't want to preach sometimes. Amen. But that is a flesh and it's an unbeliever. Amen. Now, let's move to the second realm. It's a spirit and your spirit is a makeel believer. If everything's okay, no troubles, no problems, man. You're fellowshipped with angels. You're walking and talking with Gabriel. Amen. You're too anointed to be disappointed. You're too blessed to be stressed. Amen. to wake up on Monday morning and receive a bad report or a bad phone call and that spirit will go from the highs of highs to the lows of lows. Amen. And it'll tell you, amen, you ain't got no purpose. You ain't got no fe you're no value to nothing. Amen. But let's go beyond the flesh. Let's go beyond the spirit. Amen. Let's go to the real you. Amen. The real you is not an unbeliever. The real you is not a makebeliever. The real you is your soul. And your soul believes on the mountain. And your soul believes in the valley. Your soul believes when the bills are paid. Your soul believes when you're in the negative. Your soul believes when you're well. Your soul believes when you're sick. Because this message, amen, is not a fleshly message. It's not a Pentecostal spiritualism message. It's a word soul message that has come into this generation to release you from the chicken coupe and to set you in the heavenlies. Hallelujah. We're not just Christians when we feel like it. We're Christians when we don't. That's why the devil hates us. It's cuz we'll shout on the valley and we'll shout on the mountain. That's why the devil can't stand us is when he's thrown everything at us to quit. We find our place in the house of God and say, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world." We're so Christians. We don't believe based on the way things are going. We believe based on the word. We serve it from our soul. Y'all feel that right now? That's devil's backing up. That's demon powers backing up because the real you has received the third pull. [Music] Oh, glory to God. You know what I tell that devil? I tell that devil, if he was going to get me, you should have got me when you had a chance. If you was going to get me, you should have got me when you had a chance. You lost your chance, devil. Some of y'all right now need to tell that devil, if you was going to get my family, you should have got them when you had a chance to get them. Amen. But you don't have a chance to get them because the blood's done got them. And I have been taught the same faith. Amen. I can believe for myself. I can believe for my children. Come on, church. Where's that coming from? That's coming from your soul. Amen. Where is that strength coming from? It's coming from your soul. Some of y'all right now are sitting here, Sister Watkins. Amen. You're sitting here under expectation of seeing your husband appear. Where is that strength coming from? It's not coming from her flesh. It's not coming from her spirit. Brother Jason, it's coming from her soul. Can I preach? Amen. One of these days, amen, you're going to see your daddy. You're going to see your brother. They're going to come walking into this dimension. You know how they're going to do it? Because the word has released your soul from the grip of your flesh, from the grip of your spirit. Amen. To see the fulfillment of the divine message. It's not a fairy tale. It's a reality. It's a reality. This is not my imagination. This is thus sayith the Lord. Believe from my soul. Now come on, friends. From that soul. That's why you can sing when you don't feel like it. Cuz your soul's got a song from your soul. Come on, young people. I love to shout. I love to dance. And listen, I'll dance my shoe heels off with you. But you better get more than the Holy Ghost on your flesh. You better get it more than in your spirit. You better get the true baptism of the Holy Ghost on your soul. When the camp atmosphere is gone and the youth meeting friends are not there, if this word has taken control of the control tower of your soul, then there's no bad thing anybody can say, it'll turn you around. Come on. I believe this third pull has released a power like the sirenian woman in this church, in this bride body. Satan, you can do everything you want and will still be here. But what about Jesus? What about Jesus? Can he call you a dog and you still show up? Can he tell you you're not worthy to hear what you're hearing and you still show up? Do you know why? Amen. Because you're a Christian from your soul. [Applause] Now, the prophet of God said that third pull is at hand. You know what at hand means, brother Joe? It means nearby. It means readily accessible when needed. It means close in time. It means it's about to happen. Daniel 12, seal up the book. Revelation 1:3. Amen. Deceal not the sayings of this prophecy for the time is at hand. We're going to say, we learned this a principle that the revelation of God can only come forth at a specific time. Listen, friends. Amen. There has to be a specific time that the revelation can come forth. And it can only come forth a specific people. Amen. Born for a specific purpose at a specific time receiving the specific revelation. May I announce to you, the prophet of God said, the third pull is beginning to move. Do you see within me? Now watch. Amen. That is the thing we look forward to. The third pull has now been vindicated. The third pull is properly identified. Look away to Jesus. The third pull is here. Come on, church. Amen. Even between that statement and the other, he took another step beyond just the third pull is moving within me. Amen. But now the third pull is here. The third pull is here. You say, "Preacher, what is it?" He said, "It's so sacred." Now watch third pull. Then see, it'll be absolutely to the total loss. To the total loss, right? Third pool, absolutely to the total loss. Amen. But it will be for the bride, the church. Come on, church. Don't you ever let some return ministry devil, Amen. tell you that the third pull is coming. According to a prophet, the third pull is here. Come on. Right now, you say, "Well, brother Andrew, the third pulls to the total loss." You're exactly right. It is to the total loss. But according to the prophet, it's for the bride. And the first time that the third pull left William Brandom, where was it exercised upon? It was not exercised upon the total loss. It was exercised upon a believer. And who was that believer? Her name was Hadright. Oh, glory to God. He said, "I know what the third pull is, and I know what it does." He said, "What is that third pull?" It's the spoken word. Shalom, Sarah Vista. We know what the third pull is. He said, "That third pull is the great and the final pull." Come on, church. We're in the great and the final pull. What was the first pull? It was healing. What was the second pull? It was prophesying. But the third pull was the opening of the word. It was the mysteries revealed. See, and there's no more higher order to reveal the word than prophets. See, and the only way a prophet can be vindicated is by the word. And remember, come on, church. And remember, the third pull is the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. We have just identified where this message is coming from. It is coming from the opening of the word. Can I say it to you as plain as I know how? The third pull is the message. The third pull is the message. The first pull was not the message. It was a preparation year. The second pull was not the message. It was another preparation year. Amen. But the third pull is the message. He said, "I've got my mind set on this message." That's that third pull. It's the one I must be loyal and reverent to. Well, glory to God. People say, "Well, Amen. Don't preach that third pool." I say, "Then what in the name of God are you going to preach?" Amen. Don't go in them seven seals. Well, what are you going to preach? Amen. This message is not Can I take some liberty? It is not a cheap reproduction of the Pentecostal circus show. This message is the literal life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Returning back in the church through the channel of the spoken word. Come on, church. You are the literal spoken word seed bride. Come on. You're not a bunch of horse and buggy drivers. You're not in a bunch of You're not a bunch of automobile drivers. You're not even pilots. You're spiritual astronauts who's got spiritual astronaut faith. You're in an astronaut age. [Music] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. What is this message? It's the opening of the word. Come on, friends. It was not under the first pool that he said, "I'm no longer going to call you church. I'm going to call you bride." It was under the third pull. Can I preach to you? So under the third pull, you will move from the church to the bride. That third pull is the opening of the word which is making the church the bride. Brother Matt, how are we the bride? We are the bride by the word. Somebody shout glory. We are the bride by the word. That feels good, don't it? We're the bride by the word. Satan, get out of here. We are the bride by the word. Come on. How are we going to take the rapture by the word? Proving his word 64. The bride will take the rapture by the word. Brother Joe, that makes me want to take my joy shoes and put them on. It makes me want to put my shouting shoes on that I am not going to take the rapture, brother Jason, by the way I feel. I'm going to take the rapture by the word. [Music] Y'all know I'm telling you the truth. Amen, brother Aaron. Some morning between 6:00 and 9, there's going to come a cool sweep and you're going to feel that sweep come across your body and you're going to know it's not going to be long and you're going to be caught up, amen, to meet the Lord in the air. Come on, church. Do you realize on the morning of the rapture may be the worst morning of your life? You may feel horrible. You may feel lower than a snake's belly. You may feel unworthy, unloved, unvaluable. Amen. But the way you are feeling, amen, is not going to change, amen, the effect of the rapture upon your body. Whether you want to receive it or not, church, you've already been claimed for rapture. You can't outrun it. You can't hide from it. You can't fall from it. You have got a claim upon your life by the gene seat of almighty God. Your flesh has been claimed. Amen. To fulfill, Amen. the promise of Paul. Amen. Come on. Not all sleep, but some morning between 6:00 and 9, we're going to be changed. You've done been claimed for it. Come on, let's go to the Bible. You can make your bed in the belly of hell, but he'll still be there. What is this word? What is this third pull? He said it's Jesus Christ after 1900 years here tonight. He sent just as much alive tonight as she was when you talked to the woman at the whale. It's God manifested in flesh. But now somebody say now in the flesh of his bride. For the bride and the husband is the same self flesh. These two are one. And the church is becoming the bride all the time by believing the word. Don't get mad at me, but you're not going to shout your way in to be bride. You're not going to dance your way in to be bride. Come on. You can have all the dancing. Come. We can shout and dance and rejoice. and I believe in it. But that's not the avenue to put you in the bride. You become the bride by believing the word that made you bride which your identity changed under the seals. You are now a wordborn bride. The word in the church making it the bride. What is it? It's the last sign. Slap somebody on the knee and say it's the last sign. It's the last sign. You say, "What's the last sign?" God himself identified in the church by the word. Come on, friends. We're not on the brink of another church age. We're not on the brink of another age. God have mercy. I heard brother Smith preach it years ago. He preached on the threshold of millennial kingdom. I got to thinking about that, Brother Jason. Amen. What is a threshold? Amen. If you got a floor and like right there you got carpet and the next room you got hardwood. Amen. If you want to make a smooth transition. Amen. You put a you put what they call a transition strip there, you lay a transition strip between the carpet and the floor and then you just make a step. You lay a transition strip between the carpet and the hardwood and then you just make a step. In other words, if there's not a transition strip there, Sister Debbie, you could trip and stump your toe. You could fall in between the carpet and the hardwood. Amen. But if there's a transition step there, it's like you don't even know that you left one material and stepped into another. And church, the living God, don't you see what this message is? It was a transition strip between the dimension of time and the blending of eternity. Come on, church. You're not going to pray your way in this rapture. You're not going to work your way in this rapture. But one of these mornings, you're going to take a step, amen, through the transition strip. And you're going to step from mortality to immortality. You're going to step from flesh into the step, amen, from a tabernacle of humiliation, from a pest house into your father's house. This message has put the church in position to change our bodies. [Applause] It's a purpose, church, arise and shine, Bethl Tabernacle. You're going to leave here one of these days. Get your eyes off the problems. Get your eyes off of who said what, who did what, and get your eyes back on thus sayaith the seventh angel, which was thus sayith the Lord. [Applause] It's a vision. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I wish I was out in the field right now. Hallelujah. It's a reality, friends. I'm not a crazy man. Y'all forgive me. I believe our dead loved ones are walking through this room right now. I believe they're here in another dimension. It's going to be a step. It's just going to be a change. Now, now I don't I'm here so I might as well preach. Daniel said he received Jerry. I don't I don't Let me just preach it to you, not teach it. Jeremiah said, "I received this understanding by books." Brother said, "Jeremiah is in captivity." He said, "Gabriel," three-part series, Daniel 70 Weeks, Gabriel comes flying in to instruct Daniel in captivity about the future. Daniel, Brother Joe, is in captivity. Gabriel comes flying in to instruct him about his future while he's still in captivity. And you know what he was in? He was in a day that parallels this day. You go listen to today to uh to Gabriel's instructions to Daniel and hear the prophet of God say it like this. He says, "Daniel's day, our day. Daniel's day, our day. Daniel's day, this day." He is paralleling Daniel's day to this day. And he's showing you, Amen. Before God brings an end to something, he forewarns. Where did the revelation of the future home come from? Under the third pool, where did the rapture tape come from? Under the third pool. Where did things that are to be come from? Under the third pull. See, when God brings an end before, somebody say before, he brings an end. He forewarns. Now, when you study the Bible, you can find out there's different ways God give to mark the times. In the in the days of Lot, Lot marked the time by angels. Am I going too long, Brother Jason? Amen. Amen. I'm not going to preach all day, but I sure feel good right now. Abraham by a visitation of the angel of the Lord. Elohim marked his time. In the book of In the book of Joshua, you find Rahab. Amen. She marked her time by messengers in the days of Noah. He marked his time by revelation. Unscientific message coming to a man that was unscientific in in a scientific age. He marked his day by revelation. But if you look in Daniel 9:2, Daniel says, "I understood by books." I understood by books the number of years were of what? The word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah that he would accomplish 70 years. Amen. In the desolation of Jerusalem. Look at this word understand. It means to discern. It means to consider. It means to distinguish. It means to consider diligently. And notice what he says. And after he understood by books, he said, "I set my face toward the Lord God to seek by prayer and supplication with fasting and sackcloth and ashes." So Noah by revelation, Rahab by messengers, Abraham by Elohim, Lot by angels, but Daniel by books. Amen. Daniel marked the time of the desolation of Jerusalem by the books of the prophet Jeremiah. Remember said the vision came to him when he was in BC 538 which from 538 to 606 leaves 68 years. He had been in in Babylon amongst heathens and he still had the victory. Daniel standing alone with God held the victory for 68 years. He said he had no church to go to. He had no songs to sing. He said he had no fellowship. Come on church. But still he held on to what the true prophet said 68 years. The only brother Chris consolation that Daniel had was the words of Jeremiah. The prophet of God said how that would warm the heart of any true prophet of God to look back and see what this prophet said and know we're at the end time. Now Daniel kept the victory by consulting amen the prophet of God Jeremiah's books. He said, "Then how can we spend wasteless time gambling, swimming holes on Sunday, no time for the Lord, just run down if the pastor speaks on something you don't like, get up and go out. If the church holds too long, while you're dissatisfied, he said, "Look at our condition. Look what we're doing. Compare our lives with that prophet, one man in a complete kingdom with no church to go to. It was torn down, burned down. His city, his people was captive." Amen. But 68 years he held the victory. Then tell me, I have just identified to you. Amen. Jeremiah's message was Daniel's strength in the days of Babylonian captivity when he could see the desolations. Amen. Coming up on Jerusalem, he could go back to what Jeremiah said. And Jeremiah, brother Steve, he said there'll be 70 years. Now, you all know, amen, that before Daniel went in that captivity, amen, an angel met him and he then went in captivity and the angel come to him and revealed him the message. Can I sit this way in hurrying? I'm I'm I'm trying not to hurry where you're not getting it, but I'm trying to hurry. Can I say this to you? Jeremiah was ordained to bring a message. Jeremiah was ordained to bring a message concerning the future of Jerusalem. But Daniel was ordained to believe the message that Jeremiah sent. In other words, the message was written in the book. Amen. Now, when God sends a true prophet, there's always a false prophet. But here's what I love. Here's what I love. Amen. is Daniel never left. Amen. The teachings of a true word prophet. Even though someone come in and said, "Well, it should be this way. It should be that." He said, "But that's not what Jeremiah said." Now, come on, friends. You know why Daniel had this? Because the prophet of God said, "Daniel, when Gabriel appeared, oh God, he was only asking about what would happen and be determined for the Jewish race." He said, "But what he got was all the way to the consummation." Brother, Brother Josh, I love this. He asked a little bit and got the whole thing. He asked a little bit, for the Jim, and got the whole thing. Daniel was not asking for everything. He was asking for a little bit. But when he got a little bit, he got the whole thing. Now, come on. Some of y'all can fellowship with me. When you got saved, you was just asking for a little bit. You was just asking for God, Amen, to save you from being a sinner. You was just asking for God, amen, to restore your marriage or restore your children or restore this. Amen. But little did you know when you got underneath this message, the little bit you was asking for was going to bring you everything. Come on. Amen. When you got saved, you wasn't looking for the revelation of seven seals, but you got it. You wasn't looking for the truth on the Godhead, but you got it. Amen. Amen. Some of y'all wasn't looking for the seven vow revelation, but you got it. Some of you didn't even know what seven thunders were. But by the time you got underneath this third pull, underneath this third pull, you asked for a little bit and you got the whole thing. Well, church living God, I think it's high time to shout. The prophet of God said, "The true word prophet will bring the whole word. Denominations will hate him, but to those who will receive him will be ready for the rapture." Hallelujah. Brother, I may be hated, but here's the glorious thing about it, Gideon. I'm ready for the rapture. They may not like you. They may despise you. Amen. But underneath this prophet's message, you have moved. Amen. From a ticket holder to tribulation unto a bride member ready for translation at any moment, any time. Now, oh my. Can I say it to you like this? When a message come from Jeremiah, Daniel got underneath the influence of it. In other words, the Bible said, "Jeremiah, don't stay in one place. Take this message to the nations and cause them to drink, and they shall drink and be moved and be mad because of the sword that will send among them." In other words, Jeremiah, I've give you this message. Don't sit still. Don't stay in one place, but prophesy to all nations. You see the history repeating itself today. the Pharisees, Sadducees, Herodians, MO, whatever they might be. But Jeremiah just put the word out and made them all mad. Can I preach to you? He didn't stay home. Jeremiah didn't stay in one little spot. He made the nations to drink. Jeremiah made the nations to drink. Now, come on, friends. Because the prophet God said, "Drink what?" The wine of his word. Then you know what wine can do? It can have two different effects. Come on, brother Michael. It can have two different effects. Somebody can drink it and get mad. Somebody else drank it and get glad. Come on. Amen. Amen. Jeremiah put it out there and brother Brad, some of them drunk it and by the time they got done drinking it, they were mad and they were ready to kill Jeremiah. But the same wine was what Daniel drank. And by the time he got done, he received a refreshing from the presence of the Lord because the wine is the stimulation of revelation. And it only comes, amen, by the power of the preaching of the message of the hour you're living in. Listen, this wine is doing more than just making us shout and dance. It's bringing us under an influence. Now, come on. I'm closing here in a minute, but it's bringing us under influence. What is it doing? It's moving you from just being a citizen of Bufort or wherever you live. It's moving you into being a prophetic class of people. Come on church. That's why the devil can't stop you. Amen. Is because the force of prophecy can never be defeated. Re said watch. He said therefore this book has to be understood. Amen. By a prophetic class of people. Then the Bible says it like this. In the last days we're going to receive a message. And brother said by that message we are given the understanding by the word that we are going to understand it. Listen in the last days under the third pull message of the hour we have received an understanding by the opening of the word. We didn't just get a little bit we got the whole thing. Come on church. If you want me to prove it to you I can. Amen. Brother Joe, how do you know? Amen. Amen. We're not just marking the time by one thing. We're not just marking it by angels. Brother Brad, we're not just marking it by revelation. Brother Ethan, we're not just marking it. Amen. By books. Amen. But this bride is marking the time by the angels, by Elohim, by the messengers, by the revelation and by the books. What are you saying? I'm saying if there's ever been a time to get your head out of Dr. Dobson, if there's ever been a time to get your face out of John Hag and Fox News and get your head back in these books. Amen. is the understanding to the age you're living in. And without this message, we are as confused as 6 billion people on the face of the earth. But with this message, in the captivity of Leosa, we have received an understanding by the word. Oh, I don't have time to say all of them, but I tell you what a prophet said. He said, "I understand my books. I understand my books." Listen, we're living in a prophetic time. What are you saying? I'm saying we're influenced by a prophetic message, which means we have come under prophetic utterance. Say that with me. Prophetic utterance. Prophetic utterance. I'm trying to get this horse in the barn. We've come under prophetic utterance. In other words, our words are no more our words. In other words, our words are no more the words of Andrew. They're no more the words of Chris. If you're under this message, your words have become his words. See, in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be what? Finished. As he had declared to his servants, the prophets said, "Look, obey this prophetic utterance." If you want a change to your situation, obey the prophetic utterance. Prophetic utterance said, "Apply the token." Prophetic utterance said kick out the television. Come on, church. Prophetic utterance said get the right kind of clothes on. Prophetic utterance said wash the paint off. Prophetic utterance said put a skirt on that fits and a pair of pants that look like a man. Come on, boys. Prophetic utterance cleaned house. Prophetic utterance said, "Amen. Don't go anywhere you wouldn't take Jesus." Prophetic utterance said, "When you see an immorally dressed woman, turn your head." Prophetic utterance said, "In the last days, women will bob off their hair." Prophetic utterance said they'll be heady high-minded lovers that listen. I know it ain't popular to say these things. You tell me I already know it, but I'm going to say it anyhow. Remember said, "Clean the house." Amen. Kick out the high heel shoes. Come on, church. Well, I might as well preach. I'm this far into it. When in the name of God we start allowing our young girls to wear makeup. Well, come on, church. You know what's the truth? I tell you why it's crept back in. Amen. Because Hollywood is trying to dress our girls. Amen. that I stand here and I defy every demon in Hollywood and say they have no right to dress our young ladies and they have no right to dress our young boys. We are dressed by the prophet's teachings in this age. We ought to dress our girls. We ought to dress our boys. And come on elders, we ought to dress ourselves. Amen. The way the prophet of God said we ought to look. He said we shouldn't wear paint. We ought to go home and throw it out. He said we shouldn't wear high heel shoes. We ought to go home and throw them out. He said we shouldn't have a television or home. We ought to get a backbone and get a shotgun and blow that devil back to the hell he come out of and make way for the revelation of the understanding of the word of God to come back in our homes. Well, it's the truth anyhow. I said it's the truth anyhow. Me and my wife was some other day we were somewhere in a bunch of people around around a message event. I looked at my wife, honey, forgive me. I looked at my wife. I said, "Does nobody preach on makeup no more?" She said, "Why you say that?" I said, "Obviously, they ain't cuz everybody's wearing it." Come on, church. You know why they're wearing it? Because some hireling that didn't have the guts to stand with a prophet said it was okay. Well, I'm here. I might as well preach that now. Are you hearing me? You know why the things are coming back in? It's because we've lost our guts. Amen. To say what a prophet said because it looks a little impopular. It looks a little What is it? Politically correct. Amen. I don't care about being politically correct in a condemned hellbound generation. But unto you that have received this message, it ought to change the way you dress. It ought to change the way you look. It ought to change the way you talk. Well, it's a truth anyhow. Shout out to me, oh my, or something. Clean up the house. I understand by books that there's a world coming to an end, but there's a bride. There's a bride who's not going to get out of there. Listen, you might get out, but the prophet said, "Get back in." [Music] Now, I know people don't like prophetic utterance, but I can't help it. It's the truth anyhow. Well, I'm here, so I might as well preach that now. When did our 16, 18 year old boys start wearing shorts again? Come on. When did they start wearing short? I'll tell you. When a bunch of polished, educated, uncalled, unanointed men invaded a pull pit and said, "They got a right to dress like the world. They got a right." Amen. I tell you what that is. That's a devil. But you know what? You ought Come on. Some of y'all right now get mad at me, but I don't care. I'm giving you a space to repent. I'm giving you the courage by the word. Amen. To pick up your sword and cut that devil of Passion's head off. Cut that devil of Hollywood's head off. Come on, church. I understand by books that this bride will be a clean bride. She'll be a holy bride. She'll be an unprovable bride. She'll be an unblamable bride. She will be a wife of Jesus Christ undefiled. [Applause] Oh, I know what I'm talking about. Them devils creep around and don't nobody say, "Oh, well, glory to God." Somebody shout hallelujah. Them devils creep in and they dare you to say something. I dare you to say something. Well, you dared the wrong preacher this morning. I'm not scared of no devil. I'll say it if it her lips ever devil and his brother. This message will produce a clean church. And if you're not, you might as well take the message sign off the door and get rid of the books because this message is not going to be a charismatic reproduction of a bunch of loose living casual Christians. It's going to be a reproduction of the father himself with strength and authority. Oh, somebody say amen. Some of you fathers right now ought to say amen. Come on. I just give you a liberty by the word. Amen. To squash that devil in your home. I know I'm going over time, but I'm going to have to go cuz the Lord's leading me here. You know what we ought to do? We ought to salute our elders. We ought to salute our elders in the church. Amen. That have lived this word for 30 and 40. Sister Watkins, we salute you this morning. We salute you, our sister. Amen. Amen. Can I ask her to would you just stand up, sis? Would you mind? Amen. Amen. We salute this daughter of God. She's dressed like a Christian. She walks like a Christian. She talks like a Christian. Sister Watkins, we salute you. Thank you. You know what? Amen. You'll have a pillar in church like that. Amen. For 50 years. And young girls, now can I take some liberty? Young girls will never one time go to her and say, "Sister Watkins, tell us about how you prayed through them lonely nights. Tell us how you got through them hard times. Tell us how you got down before God and he led you through all them valleys. Would you tell us how we want to be like you, sis? We we we see something on you." Amen. We see something on you. We want to be like you. Would you tell us the secret? Amen. They won't do that. But you let some 50-year-old woman come in church with high heel shoes on, a split halfway up her side, a low cut blouse, and every young girl in the church, amen, will begin to pattern like her. Amen. You know why? Because it's the influence of the age we're living in. But you know what I say? We ought to resist the influence of hell and embrace the influence from heaven. We ought to resist the influence of Hollywood and embrace the influence of the restoration of the modesty of the word of God in the age we're living in. I say bring back holiness. I come on. You want to hear something? Make holiness great again. Quit trying to make America great again. She's on her way to hell. She's doomed by prophecy. But there's a bride who's got a chance this morning. Amen. to step out of this earthbound Hollywood dimension and step over into the influence of the voice of God in this age. Raise up a standard and squash every devil that tries to tear it down. Now, I'll just say this. When you come under this pro prophetic influence, you know what it's going to do? It's going to give you the courage to prophesy again. Amen. Amen. Somebody say, "Preacher, you're offerable." You're exactly right. I've read a prophet. Well, come on, church. I'm going to close right here. Or at least try to. Brother Luther, open that door up and let that devil out of here. Stomp him and then let him out. We dismiss the devil. We dismiss his influence. We dismiss his ideas. We dismiss his formal casual lukewarm religious identity. And we embrace the restoration of the word gene seed identity that has been released in this age. We brother Aaron will not be out of sense. We will not be lukewarm. We will not be rich and miserable, poor, blind and naked. But we will be the bride of Jesus Christ who will take that open book under that third pull. And we will eat the book. Can I say this? And we'll prophesy again. We're going to eat the book, Josh. And we're going to prophesy again. We're going to eat the book, Brother Brad. And we're going to prophesy again. Brother Matt, we're going to eat the book, Brother JD. We're going to eat the book, Brother Jason. We're going to eat this book. And as we eat this book, it's going to put a prophetic anointing in our mouth. Glory to God. You say, "Preacher, what are you getting at?" I'll tell you what I'm getting at. I'm saying this. Under this message, he said this, "Thou must prophesy again." Somebody say, "Me." Me, must prophe must prophesy again. Amen. That word prophesy means to utter forth. Yeah. Oh God, I've run out of time. It means to declare a thing which can only be known by divine revelation. If you're going to prophesy, you can only do it by something that's been revealed through divine revelation. Can I say it to you like this? This message is not a gift of prophecy. You say, "Why do you say that?" Because the gift of prophecy, according to your prophet and mine, has to be judged by two or three witnesses before it's ever even given out to the people. Now, Brother Brad, amen. I'm just going to use this illustration heard one time. Pretty pretty pretty simple. I got up here and I said, "Yay, I say unto thee, Brother Brad, thou my servant, the Lord says unto me to tell thee, tomorrow at the noonday hour, don't go over to your truck door and put your hand in the truck door, for there will be a snake curled up in your truck door, and when you lay your hand on it, that snake will bite you. But if thou will heed my voice, I'm not making fun. I'm I'm placing some things here, so just relax. If thou is this okay, Brother Jason, if thou will heed my voice, then if a noon day, go not near that door." Brother Brad says, "Okay." Now, if we're going to follow the scripture, you're going to bring that prophecy before this church and you're going to judge it by two or three witnesses. And if brother Brad receives it and says, "Okay, tomorrow at the noonday hour, I'll not go to my truck door. I'll wait till the 1:00 hour and I'll go to my truck door and I'll put my hand there and I'll see there's been a snake there, but it's gone now." He'll call me up, say, "Brother Andrew, thank you. That's what happened. It's the truth." But at the noonday hour, if he goes to his truck door, and there's no snake there, if Brother Brad loves me, he'll call me up and say, "Brother Andrew, go call Brother Jason. Go kneel down at the altar. You got a lying spirit on you. Get that thing prayed off of you so you can go on and serve God." Come on. That's what a prophet of God said. He said, "Anything that says thus sayith the Lord, and the Lord has not said thus, that man is worthy of hell." Come on. Because he's lied in the name of God. Let me just go ahead and say this. This message is not a prophecy of ooh ah I feel I see I sense something in this room is not right God have mercy. Come on church this message is not ooh ah hey I oh my somebody somewhere in this room right now you've had a bad week. Somebody somewhere right now you ah you got to pay. Somebody in here you got a pain. That's not this message. This message is not a message to be judged by two or three witnesses. I close by saying this. This message is the judge. This message is the judge. You don't judge something. You don't judge this message by something. You judge something by this message. I understand by books. Somebody told me one time they said, "I want to prophesy." Anybody here want to prophesy? Anybody here want to prophesy? It's not a trick question. Anybody want to prophesy? You want to prophesy? Okay. I'm going to tell you how to prophesy. Oh my. This is going all over the internet, is it? I'm going to tell you how to prophesy. Okay? Go home, turn on a tape, listen to what a prophet said, and then go say it. Go listen to what a prophet said, and then go say it. You know why? Because you'll be prophesied. You say, "I will be." Yeah. And guess what? You won't have to be judged. And it won't have to be asked, "Is this okay?" You can say what a prophet said underneath his prophetic utterance and back every devil off of your property. God, I got to close, brother. I got to. But right here, I'm closing my Bible. Y'all are pulling my guts out. You're killing me, but I'm loving every minute of it. Are you hearing me? When you get under this third pull, prophetic utterance, you will say what's already been said. Come on, go read Look Away to Jesus. I never called this before, Brother Jason. In Look Away to Jesus, Brother Braden rehearses Hatty Rice conversation down there at Charlie Cox's. And Brother Brady says it like this. He says, "I said and then she said." He said, "I said and then she said and I said and she said." I said, "She said." And when I said, "Then she said." Come on. He gives you a dialogue of what was being said. And then I found out where he said. He said the room felt like it was coming apart. He said down there the room felt like it was coming apart. Josh, I've often wondered, you preachers know what I'm talking about. you'll be preaching this message. This third pull anointing and brother Brad, it feels like the room is getting ready to break loose. It feels like the room is getting ready to bust open. Then it dawned on me, this third pull anointing is a super anointing. It is an anointing that will break the cages of bars of bone and flesh. This a third pull anointing will release you. Come on, church. You know why this third pull has got to have the power to blow things apart? Because it's going to blow your flesh body apart and going to release your soul. Amen. To go meet the theophony and then it'll be word born theophony. You know what I say? I say we ought to stand up on our feet this morning and say thank God for the third pull. Thank God for this prophetic utterance. Thank God for this message that has broke out in this generation. Is there anybody here say I'll say what he said. I'll say what he said. If I don't understand it, I'll say it anyhow. I'll say what he said. Come on, musicians. Sister Sarah, it's powerful. He said, I said, she said, I said, she said, I said, she said. He prophesied. She prophesied. He spoke. Come on. And what she said, she didn't change one thing. He said, Amen. Brother Matt, what she said was the same thing he said because the spirit, the prophet, and the bride will all they'll all be saying the same thing. The spirit said I feel like dancing right now. The spirit said I'm still Jehovah Gyra. The prophet said he's still Jehovah Gyra. had right said it. That's nothing but the truth. Come on. She didn't change what he said. She just put her amen with what the spirit said and the prophet said. Come on, church. Can I tell you something? If you'll say what a prophet said, you'll see the results of saying what a prophet said. Amen. Come on. It's a third pull anointing. It's a creation by the word anointing. It is a creation by the spoken word anointing. Brother Jason, without anything, there comes something. Come on, you want to go with me? Let's go to the woods. Where was the squirrel guts? Where was the squirrel DNA? Where was the squirrel bones that Jesus come down, waved his hand over there in the woods and said, "Abracadabra, abracadoo, I wave my hand over you. Abracadabra, abracadoo. Out of the squirrel residue, I make a squirrel here for you." There was nothing laying there to work with. But when the word spoke, Sister Pay, when the word spoke, the word brought an anointing and created a squirrel. Amen. Can I tell you something? Hadty Wright's boys was in a cage of teenage rebellion. But when she said what a prophet said underneath prophetic utterance, that influence went over in the other room, got up on those boys and they become a result of saying what a prophet said. Listen, it's a room busting anointing. Amen. It's a cage breaking anointing. You say, "Preacher, why are you saying these things?" Cuz I say this, "Brother Jason, when the spirit of the Lord dealt with my heart at 1:42 a.m. Friday morning, spoke to my heart and said, "Preach these two messages. Preach my people the Jubilee and ordain to a message." I said, "Lord, that's not the order I had, but the Lord revealed this to my heart." When he preaches that jubilee, Reverend takes it Johnny Crow and says, "What about you're free?" But my church says, "What about you're free?" He said, "See, you're not bound anymore. You are free, but maybe you don't know it." I believe right here this morning, this third pull anointing has brought an understanding to hearts. Bible said he loosed us from our sins, our unbelief. Brother, brother brother, brother brother Josh, why did he lose us? Brother said that we might receive the revelation of Jesus Christ. This Jubilee trumpet is sounded so you could receive the full revelation of the full word revealed. Church, you was ordained to it. You was ordained to it. How many believes that this third pull is in the room right now? Even when I don't see it working, it's here. Brother Ethan. Hallelujah. Even when I don't feel it working, it's here. I'm going to testify for just a minute of the glory of God cuz I feel right here on my heart to tell it. Two years ago, 2021, 2022, I went out to brother Biscos and preached there winter youth camp there. And Wednesday night, we had a service in the church cuz some couldn't cross the border. And I was preaching along these lines on the third pool. And I was preaching. I said, "Now the Lord is in this building." And I said, "The same God that could not create squirrels or the same God that created squirrels that didn't have anything there to create him from, just a spoken word, is in this room." I said, "There don't even have to be anything there, but God can make something happen." When I said that, I did not know that there was Brother Murphy, you all probably know Brother Murphy Wong. Brother Murphy, his daughter was sitting there and she had just gotten married a few years before that and they were trying to have a child. And if they can't, brother Murphy tells me, Brother Andrew said, "This is my daughter." He said, "They've been trying to have a child for several years." He said, "It's not worked out." He said, "God's God's God's going to give us that baby. He's going to give us a grandbaby." So this year, I go back, Brother Murphy comes up to me. He said, "Brother Andrew," he says, "Uh, my daughter had that grandbaby." I said, "Really?" I said, "Well, I I want to see that baby." Her husband brings the baby over at the camp. She said, "Now, brother Andrew, can I share the testimony with you?" I said, "Sure, sis." She said, "Listen." She said, "Two years ago, before the winter youth camp last year," she said, "Brother Ron Spencer was here, and while he was praying for me, he had a vision of me holding a baby, having a child." She said, "I took that into my heart and said, I'll have this child." She said, "I went to the doctor. The doctor said, now we can we can do a surgery that'll cause you to have a child, but unless we do the surgery, you'll never have the child." She said, "My heart sunk." She said, "I had the vision." She said, "So now," I said, "Brother brother," she told her husband, she said, "I'm just going to believe Brother Ron's vision. I'm going to believe the word." She said, "We're going to have that surgery. I'm going to have that baby." She said, "But on that Wednesday night," she said, "we hadn't had the surgery yet." She said, "While you were speaking," she said, "there was actually something in my body that was missing that the surgery was going to fix to give me a child." She said, "But while that word was going forth," she said, "the Lord dropped in my heart and said, I can create it right now." She said, "Brother Andrew, I received it." She said, "I got in the car." She said, "I went home believing I was going to have that child." She said, "And the next morning," she said, "The reason I come to camp so happy last year is the next morning, not telling nobody, I got up, took a pregnancy test, it was positive. I took another one, it was positive." She said, "I took another one, it was pos." She said, "And here is the baby." What are you saying, friends? I never laid my hand on her. The word, this message is working. You love him here today, friends. I thank you for your time this morning. I pray something has been said to bless you. I pray something has been said to challenge you. Put your running shoes on. Run with this message. Run with it. Say what a prophet said and prophesy again. We love you though, Lord. God bless you, brother Jason. Would you come? [Applause] Wow. Everybody say, "Wow." Wow. Now say it backwards. Wow. It's still wow. Yeah. You know, I was um I was standing there and I was um thinking of something I wanted to say and I thought, man, I can't wait to get that microphone. Go ahead, brother. And a brother in here that's here right now sent me a message and he said if you come now I'm let me usually you hear these political things and then the politician will come behind it and say hi my name is and I I endorse this message. I want to say it first. My name is Pastor Jason Watkins and I endorse this message what you just heard and what you're about to hear. He said, "If you come to Bethl Tabernacle, you heard in capital letters what we believe." That's right. Amen. Beth Tabernacle. Is that true? You heard what we believe. If you don't believe what was preached today, you're at the wrong church. If there ever was a statement of faith for this church, we heard it today. I'm fond of saying amens a thousand. I'm known for it. I just said, "Amen times a million." I had to put a bunch more zeros into that. I tell you something, friends. I was standing here thinking to myself, I'm so glad, brother Andrew, when I first took this church in 1995, 28, n whatever years ago that is. And one of my one of my very first statements when the little O-frame that's not even standing anymore, I said, "You need to understand that I preach I stand squarely on the Bible as taught to me by God's prophet, William Brren." Amen. And if you don't believe that, you've got the wrong man for the job. And for 28 years, I have stood on that. Hallelujah. I believe that, friends. 1:42 in the morning on Friday. Friday morning. You know why that happened? Cuz a dozen men were in here Thursday night on their knees praying, "God, speak to your servant." The last thing we did is we left the building. God, speak to your servant. move on him for the words that we need to come this weekend. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I'm here to tell you, he's an ontime God. Hallelujah. Wow. What kind of anointing you leave standing here, brother? Sing, brother Kenny. Hallelujah. [Music] I worship you. Come on and sing it, friends. I worship you. You are here. Lift it up. Working in this. Oh, now here's the time for the supernatural. I worship you. You ready to see God go to work? Hallelujah. Now you've heard the word. Now it's time to worship. Oh, let him come and water this in this place. Oh, we worship you, Lord. I worship you. [Music] I worship you. Yes, God. You're here. You are here. Working in this place. We worship you. I worship you. Oh, he's worthy of it, friends. I worship you. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. You are here. You're healing every heart. Lord, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. Glory. You're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My you are you are you are you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You're way maker [Music] in the darkness. My God. That is who you are. [Music] You're way miser. [Music] My God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it working, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. [Music] You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker [Music] in the darkness. That is who you are. That is who you are. [Applause] Heat. Heat. I am who you are. Who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. is working maker. [Applause] My God, that is who you are. You're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. For that is who you are. That is who you are. That is That is who you are. That's who you are, Lord. That is who you are. We receive it, oh God. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, we worship you today, oh God. Worthy is the lamb of God. Thank you for this great outpouring of your word and your spirit today. Lord, thank you for the faith that we have seen made manifest in our midst. Thank you for believers. Thank you for people who have courage to take the word and say, "Me, count me in." Yes, sir. Thank you for Christ. Thank you for that day on Calvary. Lord, we worship you today in spirit and truth. If I said to you today, we're not here to carry on the traditions of the Pentecostal message. We're not here to carry those traditions on. We we we carry all of the word that was delivered to every age, but all the man-made stuff, we're done with that. Brother Brandham said, "The church has become its own voice to put Christ out. This is the age of the word and the word only." Meaning no no mongalizing, no additions, no subtractions, the full word of God. That's what we desire. Amen. Amen. If I said to you today, we are ordained to the message, would you believe it? You were shouting amen to it about an hour ago. Amen. All right. Now you you you you're strapped in. All right. You've already said amen twice. Yeah. Thus, we are responsible to this message. Now, we would have a bigger amen. Amen. If I said to you, we are not ordained to live outside of his presence. Amen. You say amen again to that. Amen. We have been ordained to live inside. [Music] You know that's why a prophet comes. That's the purpose of a prophet. A prophet conducts you into his presence. Benny Hinn. You go to Benny Hinn, he can conduct you into the anointing. Absolutely. That because the rain falls on the just and the unjust. Brother Brian preached a whole sermon, false anointed ones. And he didn't say it was a false anointing. He says a false vessel with a true anointing. That's what set the theological world on end. They're like, "What are you kidding?" Yes. It was right in the scripture. Balam under a true anointing, but yet a false prophet. Yeah. See, you can be a real prophet, but not be a true one. Balam was a real genuine one, but he was a false one because he preached false doctrine. See, and but a prophet is not is not just to take you into the blessing. You can pay your tithes and offerings and get a blessing. You don't have to be a Christian. That that's universal law, right? You can go into any kind of Pentecostal church or even even I wouldn't I wouldn't exclude any and say you can get a real anointing, but if you want to go into his presence, that requires a prophet. God sent a prophet to conduct you into the presence of the Lord. Amen. If I said, would you believe if I said we are sent here for a purpose of God with a very specific purpose to fulfill? Amen. That that you say, what is that specific purpose? The very specific word that God said this bride would fulfill in the last days. One of them we've been talking about a lot is comes from Daniel. The people of the end time who know their God will do great exploits. Hallelujah. Would you believe me if I said when you recognize his purpose oh I mean his presence. I love this. I about went through the roof. When you recognize his presence, Brother Ram said the that the reason people don't reverence God because they don't recognize his presence. Amen. That's right. That's why people will come right into a message church. Girls will come in, men will come in dressed wrong, acting wrong, looking wrong, because they've never caught that revelation of his divine presence. Amen. See, that's why we we try our best to bring the presence of God to you by the opening of the word. So, don't let it make you mad. Let it make you glad. Hallelujah. When when when you recognize his presence, you release the ordained power, hallelujah, from the word that's meant to flow from God through you to a dark world. How many believers we got of that today? To bring light to a dark world. Listen, I love this. Listen about put me on the ground. God don't need your abilities. And I just wrote in there, my God don't need my abilities. He only needs your my surrender. That's right. He only needs your surrender. We've been called in the realm of the soul for a divine purpose by a divine call. No wonder I believe it. No wonder. Can I use my favorite double negative? No wonder I can't not believe it. Cuz I've been called from the soul. And no matter what this outer man wants to think, do, or say, there's there's another version of me down on the inside. Oh, as brother JD was saying today, that thing permeates all through your flesh. Brother Jason, I about went crazy when you said that. Permeates. I just say, let it permeate. Let it saturate. Take over my mind. take over everything about my life. Come on, friends. Is that your desire? That's why we've come to church this weekend. The force, would you believe me if I were to say to you today, the force of prophecy in the word is making us into a prophetic class of people. I didn't say it's just inviting you to be. It's making. Amen. I'll sprinkle clean water upon you. I'll put a new spirit on you. But then I'll pour my spirit in you and I will cause you to keep my word. Oh, I think the Lord Jesus Christ deserves an applause. Lord, we love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord, for your great and glorious word today. Amen. This microphone got a workout last couple days. I didn't think brother Andrew could sweat more than he did last night. I was wrong. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. We're going to going to let you go. We've got a afternoon of fellowship planned and you know there um is that upper room going to start right away or is that going to be later in the afternoon or six? Okay. So, we've got our regular regularly scheduled fellowship. Amen. Come come fellowship with us and we'll treat you so many ways you bound to like one of them. Amen. Treat you like King's children that you are. Amen. And then then at 6:00 p.m. we're going to gather in the upper room and brother Brad and Sister Sarah's Amen. house and come one, come all. But if you want a seat, come early cuz that upper room don't hold quite this many. Amen. But the house will, but you might be downstairs singing while we're upstairs singing. And we're going to have a little fellowship in Jubilee. It'll give you a chance to shake Brother Andrew's hand and Sister Mariah and Sister Loretta and Brother Josh and meet these little bundles of joy that they have. Amen. God bless you. Turn around and greet one another with a handshake. Say, "God bless you." Amen. There's a number of visitors here with us today and we sure want to thank you for being here. I can't get started calling names because sure shoot and I'll forget somebody but we're just happy to have you. Know that you're very welcome in the presence of the Lord. God bless you today. Sing for us, brother Tony. Y'all can be just call me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior ransom me. In like of blood his mercy reign, unending love, amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God I see. Your res [Music] and like of blood. His mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing gra. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior, ransom me. And like a blood his mercy reign. Unending love. Amazing grace. [Music] Oh my [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] god. [Music] Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior ransom. And like a flood, his mercy reign, unending love. Amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbid to shine. The God who called me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my for only in the light of love. His mercy reigns uning love.
