################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-24 - 230524 - Joe Howdeshell Restoration - Joe Howdeshell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-05-24
Title:    230524 - Joe Howdeshell: Restoration
Speaker:  Joe Howdeshell
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I44FNPnl-8
========================================

Description:
Brother Joe Howdeshell ministers the Wednesday Evening service on May 24th 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Sweeter as the days go by. [Applause] It gets sweeter as [Applause] Oh yes. as the day goes. The more I trust him, the more I love him. Nothing good for me is now. The longer I know him, the better I can do it. I couldn't stop now if I try to get Hallelujah. Oh, see it s. Yes. [Applause] [Music] Oh, he saved me. His good grace he gave me. Love not deep in my heart. The great joy in knowing with him I am going and never get. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, sweet. Let's sing a second verse again. Oh, the moment he saved me, his good grace he gave me. He placed his love down deep in my heart with great joy and knowing within my room. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh yes. [Applause] [Music] as the days go by. Oh, hallelujah. Can you say amen? Amen. Welcome y'all to the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's sing some worship music. Living this place up a little bit. Amen. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more crying. No more crying there. [Music] No more crying. We are crying. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The king. We are going to see the king. Yes. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more dying. No more ding. We are going to see a king. Oh yeah. [Music] We are going to see [Music] [Applause] we're going to see the king. My God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. Oh, hallelujah. He is alive. [Music] I can feel my hand. I can feel my feet. I can feel it in my heart. I feel Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] my heart. I can feel it. One more time. God, [Music] he is alive. God. My God. [Music] I feel it in my hand. I feel it in my feet. I feel it in my heart. I feel him all over me. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you glad we serve a living God? Amen. Brother Luther, if you'd come and take up the offerings. Not only is he alive today, but he's the same as he was yesterday. Can you say amen? Amen. What he did then, he'll do again for us tonight. Come back. Come on, brother. He'll be the same tomorrow, too. Amen. Brother Jackson, in a request for a friend of his that worked with, his name is Harry Cruz, and he went to the hospital this morning, and they found a brain tumor. So, he wanted the church to remember him before the Lord. I don't know if I'm doing that, but um stop it. Anyway, praise the Lord. I have testimony. You know, I I was having some pretty serious issues with my back and my um sciatic nerve and stuff, and I'm I've actually been feeling really well last three nights or so. I've been able to stay in bed through the whole night. Usually, I'd wake up about 2:30, 3:00 in the morning. and I have to go sit in a chair for the rest of the evening because it would get really bad if I stayed in bed. But that's a little testimony. If you have a request upon your heart this evening, Amen. This is prayer meeting night. Amen. God is good and he's not dead. Let's pray. Lord, I love you. Regardless of what I go through, Father, the ups and downs of life, Lord, you're still the same yesterday, today, forever, encouraging me, helping me, tell me to press the battle, and then give me strength and courage to do that. I pray you bless your people this evening. Remember Harry Cruz, a friend of our brother. Lord, Father, we pray that you would touch this tumor. We just specifically pray right now that I ask that the Holy Spirit, your word says you're the God that heals all our diseases, Father, that we pinpoint on this tumor and Harry Cruz, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, that you would fully recover him from this, Father. Take this thing away, Lord. We thank you for our brother Joe that's with us this evening. Pray that you would bless them and strengthen them. Father, help the medical team realize what they need to do and pray that you would bless their hands as they would do that. Lord, as we collect the tithes and offerings, we pray that you would just magnify it to your kingdom. Bless the cheerful giver. Father, we're very thankful for what you've done, what you're doing, and what you're going to do. I love you, Father. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats. Sister D's got a special for us tonight. [Music] All want their lives to count for something [Music] to leave their mark. When life is through, but vain pursuit will count for nothing. [Music] Time will erase. [Music] Whatever we do, I want my life to count for Jesus. Earthly things will quickly fade. [Music] No need to add to worldly riches. I only see [Music] eternal gain. [Music] Inside my heart there burned a question. What was I placed [Music] on this earth for? [Music] It truly was [Music] to build a kingom. [Music] Not of my own, but of the Lord. I want my life [Music] to count for Jesus. [Music] Earthly things will quickly fade. [Music] No need to add to worldly riches. I only see [Music] eternal gain. [Music] I want my life to count for Jesus. [Music] Earthly things will quickly fade. No need to add to worldly riches. [Music] I only seek eternal gain. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's all stand. Thank you, Sister Dad. I'm going to try and sing this song here. We were practicing in the back and I really felt the Lord wants us to sing this song. We're going to change the order of the service over and uh invite the minister to come now. I don't think we've sung this here in a while. So, some of you newer ones might not know this song. Just follow along if you do know it. Amen. [Music] Worthy is the lamb who was slain. [Music] Holy, holy is he. [Music] Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy seat. Sing it again now. Worthy, worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Oh Lord, you're so worthy tonight. Sing a new song to him who sits high. Heaven's mercy sees. [Music] [Applause] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Hallelujah. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. Yes, Lord. and I will adore you. I will adore you. [Music] Clothes in rainbows. [Music] Clothes in rainbow of living color. Flashes of lightning. Rolls of thunder. Oh hallelujah. Blessing and honor strength and glory empower me to you the only wise king. Holy, holy, holy. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. With all creation I sing praise to the king of kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Oh, we want to adore you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus [Music] filled with wonder. [Music] How struck wonder at the mention of your name. Oh Jesus, Jesus your name is power breath and living water. Hallelujah. Holy, holy, holy [Music] Lord God Almighty was to Jesus you are my adore you go almighty [Music] It is to come with all creation I sing praise to the king of you are my everything and I will adore you. [Music] I will adore you. [Music] Amen. While you're standing, if you have your Bibles, let's turn to Revelations. Thank you. Let's turn to Revelations chapter 8 verse 12. [Music] And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars, so as the third part of them was darkened. And the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise. And I beheld and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, "Wo, wo, wo to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels which are yet to sound." Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful to be gathered here in this house of worship that's set aside and dedicated, Lord, for us to come and to worship you, Lord, and to hear the word brought forth. And Father, we just pray, dear Lord, that every person that's coming here tonight, Lord, has come expecting, Lord, not to hear something from me, Lord, but to hear from you. And God, I just pray that for your anointing, dear Lord, that it would just anoint me to speak and anoint the the congregation, Lord, to receive it. And Father, we're just looking forward to see what you're going to tell us tonight, dear God. We love you and we thank you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Man, you can be seated. Certainly good to be back. We It's like we've been traveling. Um, too much. Too much. Well, I'll let him tell it. Can y'all hear me? Okay. Y Okay. Praise the Lord. Yeah. We've been traveling um quite a bit and and uh ministered down in Panama City and um Brother Michael and uh Gonzalez and his wife were there and um then we were up in um Hagerstown, Indiana, and then the Cobs were there. So, we're like, well, we just take everybody where we go. So, that's all right. It it's good to have home folks kind of rooting for you when you're up there. So that's that's real good. But um so we're we're happy to be here um tonight and and we had great services um uh especially in Florida and and Indian Indiana. Um and we were up in New York just uh my goodness, it seems like we've been everywhere um in the last month. So that was a great time. Uh I probably haven't even told you about everything that happened up there, but that was just a great time with brother Carryon. um just a wonderful group of people and really love the Lord and I tell you what, they'll just pull you to death. Um if you ever preach for them up there. So um just a wonderful group of people. Love the Lord. Same with uh um Brother Cobb's church there and then also in Florida. Just had a wonderful time and um just just glad to be home though for a little while. Anyway, so what we want to talk about tonight, I'll get right to the service, right to the sermon because we're not going to hold you too long. We've got the uh prayer requests and everything tonight and this is a good oldfashioned prayer meeting we're going to have. But I'm just so glad to be here and just thinking about as I was riding around today and and I seem like I go to so many places and I see so many different things and and I was just thinking in my heart I was just saying Lord just thank you so much for giving me a desire to want to go to church on Wednesday night. give me a desire to want to serve you and and just every moment, every waking hour that I can have when I wake up in the morning, I'm praying. I'm just asking the Lord to help me through the day. At night, I'm just asking, but I wasn't always that way. And maybe some of you might look at at others and say, "Well, they got it all put together. They're they're they're a wonderful Christian. My they're they just I I wish I was like so and so." But let me tell you something. Everybody has trials and everybody has trouble and everybody has to grow. And and I I know one thing. I've I've been on the bottom. I've been so low sometimes I couldn't even I couldn't hardly raise my head up. And even to think I was a Christian. This is after I become a Christian now. So this is like a lot of people maybe you're a new Christian just starting out and you're like, "Woo, this is tough." Well, it can be. It can be. But the way of a transgressor is hard. But the Christian life is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Because no matter what you're going through in life, you might have a trial, you might have a hardship, you might have all kind, but you've got the spirit of God to help you through it if you'll go to him and not go to other things that people are so prone to go to to find that satisfaction, to find that that joy or whatever it might be, a little bit of a peace or a little bit of a of a respit from whatever trial you're going through. And I've preached on that before, but it seems like in this day and time, in this Leodysian church age that we're in, it it's a lukewarm age. It's not hot. It's not cold. It's it's a it's an age where people have money and and the churches are rich and and but yet the Bible tells us that you're you think that you're rich and yes, you're increased with goods, but know it know ye not that you're miserable, blind, wretched, naked, and don't know it. Right. Amen. Because you might have the wealth of this world. Tell you something. I've never seen a hearse, a U-Haul falling a hearse. You can't take it with you. And people put all their trust and all their hopes in money. And they're they're trying to get a little bit more, trying to go get a little bit more wealthy, but they they fail and they leave off of what is the greatest thing that we can do. The Bible tells us what would it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul? doesn't profit you anything. The rich young ruler came to Jesus and you know this this part just struck me when he comes to him and he says good master what must I do to be saved? He said the Bible says he looked on him and he loved him. That's what that's what the Bible says. Jesus looking on the rich young ruler loved him even though he knew what he was going to do. He knew what choice he was going to make. And we go right back to John 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him would not perish. Now I know we've we can our most of our Sunday school children can quote that but it's so profound that that's just showing God's love toward us. That was a that was a representation of God on the earth showing his pure love. Now, we know that it's not God's desire that he should perish that all should come to the grace of God, but he does know who will. And so, what what I want to talk about this this evening is as we read here in Revelations, it go. So, we want to talk about in Revelations here, how He says, "And I beh I beheld and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven saying with a loud voice, wo wo wo to the inhabitants of the earth." Amen. Now we know what brother said about that through the church ages and through the seals of those three woes were three world wars. First world war, second world war and one to come. Now, now what he's talking about here, so there this is a momentous occasion. It's so great if you think about it that the angel in the fourth the fourth angel when he was crying out, he was looking forward to what the other three were going to do. So, it's something that was so momentous and such a calamity. And God always does things in threes if you notice that. Many of you know that. uh father, son, holy ghost. We know you're saved, sanctified, and filled with the Holy Ghost, right? Just three steps, three stages. So God does things in threes. But yet, while the while they're heralding the the onset of this terrible calamity in Revelations and in in the in the world wars, there's also something going on in in the church world that as these as these messengers are breaking forth and they're opening up these seals that they have and they're open and they're coming forth that that this is a this is a uh a third or a a last three stages of the restoration of the church that brother Brandham said this. He said that down in um he said that that it that that it was a perfect church that they that they were absolutely perfect. He said notice and it started out as the original as Jesus said the word of God is a seed that a swer swed and he was the swer. The seed was the word and notice any seed that abides alone never does anything. It's got to fall into the ground to bring forth its production again. And this seed, that perfect church, I want you to remember that perfect church fell to the ground at Naia Rome when she became a denomination. That's on the masterpiece. So, we know that that the first church that came forth that it was an absolute perfect church. They had signs and they had wonders. Jesus said in Mark the four uh uh 16th chapter he said these signs will follow them that that believe my name they'll cast out devils they'll speak with new tongues you and they'll lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover drink any deadly thing and if they take up serpents so they they had done all these things in the first church they were filled with the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost and they were a perfect church they had a church age messenger but see here's the thing a lot of people miss is that even though that anointing came and it was fallen on the church and they had the signs and they had the wonders but yet there was still something lacking that they didn't have at the time and what was it that was a messenger see they when the the Holy Spirit fell at the day of Pentecost there had to be yes that was in a great anointing and they took the word but yet they were all kind of scattered Peter was saying this one the different ones were saying this one but God sent a man who absolute complete grace It was a It was an act of grace because he was going to persecute the church of God. So even though that anointing fell and the church was on fire, but yet there still had to be something to get that church centered and rooted and grounded and it had to be a man that was in God's hands. And so he brought, of course, we know the story. Paul, I need some water if somebody wants to help me out here in just a minute. So Paul of course came and he what did he do? He set things right. He set things in order. You know Peter was talking about well you might need to be circumcised all you Gentiles. And he would do that when he would get around the Jews. But when he got around the Gentiles it was it was everything was hunky dory. So we we had to have a messenger who who didn't who didn't quibble one bit on the word. And he knew he took everybody right back to the word. And it wasn't his idea. He didn't get around one and say, "Well, it you know what? It could look like this or it could be that way." But it had him come right back to the word. So, this being said, this first church, even though they were perfect, and even though they had a messenger, and even though they they had a word from the Lord that you're not all going to sleep, see, I'm sure that there were many who were in in um persecution. They were they maybe had their homes taken from them. They had their freedoms taken from them. And many had their lives were taken from them. They were totally completely bereft. And and and so Paul sent them a letter and and he sent it to the Thessalonians and he said he said, "Oh, I know a mystery that we're not all going to sleep, but we're going to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye." And I could just imagine that they would they would take that letter and they would run from house to house. Did you see what what the prophet Paul told us? Did you see what he told us that any day now that it could be the rapture could take place that all the hardships we're going through? Oh, it's just for a little while that that oh, any day that the Lord's going to send from heaven with a shout and the voice of the archangel and the last trump of God and we won't have to worry about these things anymore. Oh, and just comfort. As Paul said, comfort one another with these words. And that was a comfort to them. But they didn't realize that they were not predestinated to be raptured. See, they were not predestinated to go in the rapture. That they had to fulfill another part of God's plan. And they had to die and go into the ground. Because if you take a seed of of wheat or corn, if you want more, ask any farmer, you can't just take that one. You've got to plant it. And when you plant it in the ground and it is watered by the blood of the martyrs and the blood of the saints, that was that first church that was planted in the ground. But there had but but but the Bible tells us that he waits for that precious fruit of the ground. And we know that in this last day, there's going to be another church without spot or without wrinkle. Amen. Do you believe that? Now, this is a teaching this morning or I'm sorry, this afternoon. I I told Brother Brandt, I said, "Good morning, brother. I'm I'm all discombobulated." Now, that's what he revealed at the very first church age. Now, watch as John saw him standing, the seven golden candlesticks, and he was standing with his hands out. Here's the first candlestick. See the first church age. Then the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh. With his hands out in the form of the cross, he said, "I am alpha and omega." In other words, I'll be supreme in the first, I'll be supreme in the last. The light rises in the east and sets in the west. It's been a dismal dark time, and it shall be light in the evening time. The same gospel power that raised up here on the one hand in the east has shined over now in the other hand in the west. Alpha and omega, I am A and I am Z in his hands. You get it? Now, so what we're talking about about these three stages is that that coming up through the dark ages. Now, what brother Brandham was saying there, he said he he was supreme in the first and he was supreme in the last, but he was in all all the candlesticks, but yet dur in those candlesticks, it was it was mongerized there. There were creeds and dogmas and yet it was Christ, but yet it wasn't the fullness of Christ. It it could never be raptured. Now, the first church could have, but yet it was in God's plan for it to go down into into the ground. So, we know that only the that the first church could have been and only the last church can be, but now they're all going to all the dead in Christ are going to rise. So, they will be raptured. Amen. But it but it had to be in this last day. But now, so we go back and we look at so what happened in that time. We know there was a dark dark age that the the word of God was lost that it was it was just a few just just a very few people who kept the true word of God. But when the last when the first church age ended and it denominated and they and they started the first denomination in Na Rome so then it started then the next one came on it had word but yet it was still under under the under the ground. It was still buried but then it started coming up in the reformers. And so you young people, I I want you to pay attention for just a moment because I know we talk about things and I want you to to get what we're talking about when we say the seed and the shook and coming up and the reformers. So during the dark ages, it was it was the the the church had the monopoly on the word of God. They wouldn't hard let anybody have it. And they had their priests and they had their their bishops and they would sell you indulgences. If you wanted to go out and commit sin, just bring them a little bit of money. And they would do that. And if you wanted to be forgiven of a sin, bring them a little bit of money. Make your confession. All these things. It was such a a horrible time. And and and so it got the people to a point to where they realized that something had to change. And in Germany, the people were getting disgruntled. They were getting dissatisfied. You had different ones raising up. And there was a spirit of reformation that swept down through the land. And so when that spirit came, it took somebody to put it into motion. That it was an anointing that came. It would have done Martin Luther one bit of good if there hadn't been people ready to receive his message. See, God had to send that message down and send that anointing. So when the message came, they they grabbed a hold of it real quick. And and and we know that down through the through the years that as they as they tried and held on as much as they could. And and you had the different ones like John Hus and William Tindle. William Tindle was he was strangled by Thomas Moore. And Thomas Moore is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church even to this day. But he murdered William Tendle for the for the uh the incomprehensible crime, the terrible deed of translating the Bible into English. And murdered him. Why? Because they had a monopoly on it. They said, "You're not going to translate without our okay. You're not going to you're not going to spread this around unless we give you the the okay." And so they had many bishops that they would they would try to bribe. They say, "Oh, we're going to give you a a big parish. We're going to make you rich. We're we're going to give you more authority. And many men, maybe they did give in to that, but there was many that didn't. And one of them, I can't recall his name, but they hung him in front of his own church. And I was just thinking, oh God, I was just thinking about Brother Jason, how he stood for this word. And I was thinking about what if I was back then and my pastor had had stood against the this rotten filth of of the Rome of Church of the Church of Rome. and and they and they came and they said, "Either you stop preaching or we're going to kill you." And and no doubt the people were praying for him, but yet it was still it was that time that they had to die. They had they had to that was under the ox age. They had to be slaughtered and to be sacrificed for the kingdom of God. And we don't understand that nowadays. we get a little uh something happens in our life, our car breaks down or or we got an unexpected bill that comes from somewhere or maybe somebody says a little something about us or or any little thing. Maybe it's raining and we say, "Well, we don't want to go to church on Wednesday night or or so and so's um not going to be there. I don't want to be there or my friends are not going to be there." Oh, brother, we are in a weak sir watered down leoty in church age. It's so it's so terrible. And so we know that that brother Bham said when he drew out this last church age, he was no dark. There was no light at all. It was all darkness. But yet he drew light in there because he knew there had to be light. There shall be light in the evening time. And that's where we're at. Even now, that's the great mystery. That's the great miracle in my opinion is that even in the midst of this darkness, even in the midst of the hedenism and the heathenism and and the and the filth and the gum of this last church age, that God's going to have a little spotless bride. Oh my. Just as Satan came into Eden and he took away Adam's bride and he and he and he wooed her and he and he committed adultery with her. We're in the middle of Satan's Eden here. See? And so Christ is coming and taking his little bride out of here. Amen. I think I said it wrong a a minute ago. Satan came into Eden, not Satan's Eden. So here we are in this last church age. And and so so that was the age of the reformers. And so you had John Wesley came up. And so he believed in sanctification. And and so the so the churches, but there had to be an anointing that went out. And so the same thing happened in the day of Pentecost or at the day of Isuza Street when the Pentecostal blessing fell. So a lot of times we wonder, well, what's the difference in us and the Pentecostals? Well, the apostolics believe in one God. They baptize in Jesus name. You have the the UPC, they do the same thing. You've got the assemblies and the different groups. They're all Pentecostal. But what makes us different from them? See, they they worshiped God and they and they and they believed in the signs and the wonders and the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. But yet, what it was, that was an anointing that came down onto the world to get it ready for this last church age. If you go back and read in history in like 1850, I believe it was 1830, that was what they called the Great Awakening. And there was a movement that went out and it was called the restoration movement. And so they there was an anointing that was coming down and the churches got together and the different ones they they came out of the denomination. They came out of the Methodists and the and the different ones. One of them in this movement was Alexander Campbell who was a Campbellite started. The that's where the Baptist came from John Smith. But then there was other ones who came along and they and they had these different groups and it wasn't but just a moment and they denominationalized. They started organizing. And so even though they wanted to go back to the original church, they wanted to go, they knew that what they were doing was not right, they couldn't find sprinkling anywhere in this Bible. So there was an anointing that went out and said, "We have to start immersing again. We have to start doing these things again." But what happened? Man's creeds and ideas and their dogmas got involved. Got in the middle of it. And and so because why? because it wasn't a messenger that came with it at the time. There was an anointing that came out and they were so one of them they they they became the United Churches of Christ, the Church of Christ, the American Missionary Association. And so they they they moved on and then they split up and had all kind of different uh different doctrines and different ideas. One of them don't believe in music in the church. One of them does this, one of them does that. But I tell you where all of them have ended up at in the World Council of Churches. Every one of them. because it just shows you that man's creeds and ideas, that's all you're ever going to get from it. But God's going to have a a a little group. He's going to have a little bride in this last day that she's going to be free from every dogma, free from every creed. Why? Because it's not a reformation. It's not reformers. It's restoring back to that original that God had planned for us. And so we we've got to go back. How do we go back? How do we get back to that original? Well, God sent a prophet. That was the only way we could do it. It wasn't ever going to happen with a group of people. It wasn't never going to happen with with this denomination or that denomination. But God had to have one man in his hand. One man that that didn't have a He didn't hardly have a dog in the fight. He was raised in the middle of nowhere in the mountains. His daddy was a bootleger. No, they weren't even rel religious people. But God brought him in. and what to confound all of the theologians and all the different ideas and dogmas and doctrines that they had of that day. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? I got to shed this for a second. But so and and and so we we we're looking at what God has done in our day and we say, "Well, what makes us special people?" Well, I'm nothing special. I'm nothing special. I fail all the time. I make so many mistakes sometimes. I don't even think I could even get up. And I'm I was just praying the other day. I said, "Lord, how I don't understand. I I make so many mistakes. You would think I'd be farther down the road than I am now. You would think I would I wouldn't let the same little thing trip me up again." That's right. And and then the devil comes right along and he's like, "Well, see, there you go. You just think you are. You're you're not a Christian. See, you just think you are. And I How many of y'all has he ever told that to? He tells me that all the time. But it's not about your feelings. That's right. It's not about how you feel this day or you feel that day, but it's about the promise that he gave to us. Hallelujah. And it's I'm not trusting in my feelings. I'm not trusting in my works. I'm not trusting in the things that I can do, but I'm trusting in the finished work that he did already. Now, that seems so simple, but yet it's so profound at the same time. We have to trust in him. You know, they say brother Brandham made mistakes and and he uh he did this and he did that, but I've said before that he said on uh the uh life story in Los Angeles, he said, "Lord," he said, "Let my mistakes be their stepping stones." So, I feel like that was ordained if he did make a mistake. Now, we want to look at what Moses did. Sometimes folks say, and me and a brother were talking about this the other day, and it really struck me what he said because we was talking about the mistakes they say brother Brandon made. I said, um, you know, we we wonder sometimes if the things he did wasn't ordained to throw some off. Just like, do we really think that that Jonah was backslid when he got on that ship bound for Tarsus? Was he backslid? No. He was in the will of God. Perfect will of God. And and so what about Moses? Now I want y'all's attention. What about when he struck the rock twice? Even though he broke the continuity of scripture, but think about it. It was the law that he was projecting and under the and he I don't believe God could allow him under the law to take people into the Holy Ghost, which was Canaan land. That was a type of the Holy Ghost. That's proven that you're never going to get there by the law. You're never going to get there by your works. You're never going to get there aside from Christ. Joshua was a perfect type of Jesus Christ. He was even he his name in the New Testament in the Scoffield Bible even says Jesus twice when it says Joshua. It's speaking of Joshua, but it's speaking of Jesus and and so he led the people where we're not traveling around. We're not all in in in a in a wandering around in the wilderness as some would say. I've heard some people say, "Well, the prophet led us out and now we're wandering around in the wilderness and we're waiting for a Joshua to take us back." See, but the Holy Spirit is the Joshua. And in some sense, yes, we we have been taken out, but also at the same time, Brother Brandham said that this prophet would have a ministry that was would to be to take out of and into. Amen. Amen. I read a letter the other day said, "Oh, we're just wandering around." A big name, too. We're wandering around in the desert. I don't know where he's wandering, but I'm telling you right now, I'm in the land where milk and honey flows. I'm feasting on that old corn. I'm I'm in I'm in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I'm not running around in the desert. Cuz he came with a message, oh, to deliver us and to take us all the way through. Yeah. A lot of people they get mixed up and they say, "Well, Canaan land represents heaven." Oh, I beg to differ. There's no way it can represent heaven. Cuz that's when the battles really started when they got over there. They were just walking around having a good time for 40 years. Their shoes didn't wear out. The clothes didn't wear out. Moses told them in Deuteronomy 2029, he said, "You've not even eaten bread." And that's true. They didn't they didn't have to go out and gather any corn. They had no wheat. They ate the mana, but they didn't eat bread of their own hands. God absolutely supernaturally sustained these people. And how much more can he sustain us? I got a friend. He's a He's a big prepper. He's got AR-15. He's got he's got food stored up. He's got he's got going to get him a camper. He said, "I got me a bugout bag when when it all goes south." And I'm said, "Well, I don't need one of them." But like I said, God in in the time of Moses, think about this. What a supernatural people brought out with a mighty hand out of slavery and bondage. They were supernatural to start with because they they shouldn't have even been there. There was no Sarah couldn't even have a baby when she was young. That's right. But God took Abraham and Sarah and turned them back young and healed whatever was going on with them and brought this race of people supernaturally on the earth and then brought them out of is of Egypt supernaturally and sustained them supernaturally. There's nothing that man's ever done. We can't do anything. It's not by might, not by power, but it's always by his spirit. Amen. You do you love him? Can you believe it? So now, what where where are we at tonight? We have to trust in nothing else but the Holy Spirit to lead us and guide us. It's not in your own works. Don't get hung up. Don't worry about if you if you made a fall. If something happened to you, if you looked at something you shouldn't have looked at, if you talked the way you shouldn't have talked, if you had a bad spirit or something happened to you. I want to read you something. Brother Brandon was talking about restoration. Boy, y'all are quiet tonight. Y'all y'all listening good. Amen. So, let's go down here to what he said. It says, "I have lived I have lived many years in sin until I found the Lord." This is a question somebody sent. Brother Brandham, "Live many years in sin until I found the Lord." Please, brother Brandham, see I have sinned again and I'm not worthy to come before you in this holy place. Please tell me if I can be restored whole again. Yes, he says yes emphatically with an exclamation mark. You have not sinned, my friend, so far in God, but what you could be restored. If you had sinned so far that you could not be restored, you'd never want to be restored. See? See? But as long as there's something dealing with your heart, you're still in the line of restoration. Brother Brandham said this, "Guilty of the least is guilty of the whole." I have sinned many times. Every day, every one of us do things that we don't want to do. It's in our heart. You don't want to be that way or you wouldn't ask this question. See, that's itself a proof that God still dealing with you. You've probably gotten nervous. Probably Satan telling you that you can't be restored. He's lying. Certainly he is. Because look, if there's a deep calling, there's got to be a deep to respond to the call. If there's a hunger for something, that something's got to be somewhere or you would have no hunger for it. Amen. Now, now if you there's a place you can cross where you can't get back, but when that is you're down there again in the same shape you was, it goes to show that you only fell from grace. Backsliding is not lost. I want somebody to tell me where backsliding is lost. and prove it by prove it to the Bible. David lost the joy of his salvation when he took Ba Sheeba, Uriah's wife. But he never lost his salvation. He never said, "Restore to me my salvation." He said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." I tell you what, I was talking about when I went up there that I I used to just be a ranked sinner. I don't know if any of y'all were or not, but I certainly was. And I was I was going through there years ago, me and a me and a friend of mine on a road trip up to no good. We went up through Indiana and Ohio and all that. And on the way up there, I looked over at Becky and I was just like, I never would have dreamed when I came up here years ago that I would be coming up here preaching the gospel. Amen. I never would have dreamed that. I never would have dreamed that God could take somebody like me and and and use me to bring the word to his people. I I y'all maybe you don't understand if you're a preacher you understand that why in the world God would ever do that. But what is it? He he the hardest thing Brother Brandham said is for for God to do this is what he said. The hardest thing for him to do is to get one mortal to believe another mortal. And and so we live in an age that that says, "Well, we don't need preachers anymore. All we need to do is just sit down and and shut up and push play." But let me tell you something. There is still a ministry in this age. There's still a ministry that's going to do exactly what the prophet said. They're not just going to say, "Well, just push play." Well, they're pushing play. But are they doing what he said when they push play? When Jesus stood at the grave of Lazarus. Yes, that was the voice of God that spoke. He said, "Lazarus, come forth." But yet, what happened when he started coming forth? He had others. He said, "Go loose him." And that's the ministry of this day. Jesus is crying, "Go loose those people." That's the voice of God crying out. But yet, he's still got men and women in this day that can speak for God and go loose the grave clothes off of somebody. I was dead in sin. I was dead in sin and trespasses, but yet God called my name one day. Amen. I don't deserve it. You don't deserve it. None of us deserve it. You say, "Brother, you say, "Brother Joe, you sure are preaching awful simple tonight." Well, I hope it's so simple that it that it just it brings you right back around to seeing the profound because God's got to get a church ready for a rapture. And what is it? We're we've been here for how long? But yet, we're still carrying on. Brother Brandham said the only thing that's in that's hindering the rapture is the readiness of the church. So, we've got to get all the little things out of our life. Is that right? So, what did he say here? He said, "I got to get my glasses on again." So, we've got to get to back to a point. There's a new birth coming on. A strong wind in Israel is coming up called backwash and holy rollers. Hallelujah. Just as flexible as it can be. That's right. Got life in them. The new tree was alive. The old tree was dead. That's the reason they can't bend because it's dead. But there's a new birth coming on. The latter rain is being poured out in these last days. power, signs, and wonders. And the same joy them old trees joy long time ago has come back in a new generation. Amen. Cuz I want to tell you something. When he's talking about restoration, he's talking about the church, but this is a restoration time. It's not just going back to the first church, but it's restoring everything in your life. Yeah. In Joel 2:28 it says, "Behold, I will restore, sayeth the Lord, all not just what it ate, but he said, I'll restore the years that the locust and the cankerworm and the Palmer worm ate." You want to talk about true justification? I don't care what you've done in your life. I don't care where you've been or what path of sin Satan has taken you down. But when God restores you, it'll be like it was never ever happened first place. When you're restored, it'll be as though it never happened. Restoration doesn't mean you build a building back the way it was and it's wonky jawed and it's crooked and it's got all this mess on it, but it's absolutely completely restored back to the original condition. And when God restores you, he restores you to the vision he had of you in his mind before the foundation of the world. Satan might have got in there and he might have tampered with his creation. He might have got in there and pulled you away for a little while, but oh, there's a germ of God. There's something that won't let you stay out there, but just so long. Thank you, God. Thank you, God, for calling me. What is that germ of life in there? When it hears the word of God, it says, "Amen." There's a deep calling and there's a deep that responds. That's true restoration. That's true justification. Just as if you'd never done it. Amen. You know, Brother Bram talked about that little woman and he said that how he talked about her in sin and God, why don't you just wipe it all off? And he walked up there and and he the Lord pulled him behind the door and he showed him that vision of the rainbow around the world. And every time he would sin, the blood would fly off of Christ and he saw that he and he he showed him his own sins that he wrote and he had it down in a book and he said he reached up in there. He said, "Lord, is that all my sins?" And he said he just stuck his hand aside and wrote pardon across there and cast it away. I love that story cuz that's my life right there. I know I've told that before, but I love that because that's me. Sometimes we get a little phariseical spirit on us, don't we? I believe in holiness. I believe in right living, but I don't believe in legalism. That's right. Y Amen. I believe if we've got the Holy Spirit of God living in us, we're going to live holy. It's going to make make us talk right. It's going to make us act right. I was talking about somebody the other day. I said, you know, he kind of got upset at me cuz I was leaning the part and I was able to find it quicker than he could. I called him back and he's like, "Well, somebody does me that way." He said, "I'll just I'll just usually block them on the phone or blacklist them." I'm like, "Well, my goodness, I hated that." And I was telling my wife about I said, "But you know," I said, "He's he's not a Christian. You know, he he that's just the way he is." And I got to thinking, I'm like, "Well, I know some Christians that are like that, too. That's the bad part about it. That ain't That's that's the bad part." Oh, brothers and sisters, like brother Jason was preaching the other day. He said he said, "The worst thing in the world is that for for the people of the world to mistake you for one of them. Amen. Oh, that hit me right between the eyes. Sometimes we try to get along, go along to get along, but that ain't what we're called to do. Brother Brandham said said, "You'll be hunted. You'll be hated. You'll be despised of all men." Yeah. If if we're loved by everybody and everybody, oh well, we want so and so to come over. I got a joke I want to tell you. Oh my Yeah. So, how do we act around other people? Come on. Are we quick to give our testimony? Young people, if you want to grow in God, you start giving your testimony about what God's done for you. Don't worry about what other somebody else is going to say about you. Don't be ashamed of the gospel. Sometimes we we get so quiet and we like, "Oh, I don't want to say nothing. I might offend somebody." Well, if it offends them, they need to be offended. The the world don't come to church to see more of the world. That's right. They come to church to see Christ. And if they're seeing the world in you, then you're you've missed the boat somewhere. That's right. I was talking to a man the other day and I was he was talking about going on a cruise. I said, "I'd like to do that. That sounds like fun." He's like, "Well, I want to tell you." He said, "If you if you like to gamble," he said, "they turn the casinos on and he said they'll get it hot for about two hours and they'll let you win a lot and then then they'll start cranking it up to where they take it back from you and then some." And I said, he said, he said, "Now, best thing to do is is win about for about two hours and then take it back to your room." And I said, and he's talking about the drinks and all. I said, "Well, that's kind of like turning me against cruising there for just a moment." So, I said, "Well," I said, um, you know, I said, "I used to like all that stuff. I used to be into gambling and drinking and carrying on." I said, "But I gave my heart to the Lord." And I said, "I quit all that stuff." And he looked at me and he, you know what he did? He threw his hand. He said, "Well, praise God. Then he got real religious all of a sudden. He said, "Oh, I go to this church over here and I I know if I died right now, I'd go to heaven." And I said, "Well," I said, "You got to trust in him with all of your heart. You got to forsake the world. But don't be ashamed of the gospel." Get up in the morning when you wake up, young people, say, "Lord, give me an opportunity today maybe to be able to say something for your kingdom." Amen. But God will restore you. No matter where you've been, it's complete restoration. Amen. Now, I'm just about out of time. I got a few more quotes here I want to read. It went fast, didn't it? Good to see you, brother. Amen. Let read in Joel 2. I just feel like reading that in Joel 228 or I'll read in 224, 2:25. And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, and the palmer worm, my great army, which I sent among you. and ye shall eat in him plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. See, we're not ashamed of the gospel. We we should never be ashamed of what he's done for us. And and and crying on the mountain tops, cry it on the housetops. Get on Facebook. Don't get on there and put it put how many deer you killed or or what NASCAR uh race you went to or or your foot favorite football team. Put something on there about the Lord. All right. Let everybody know whose side you're on. Oh, I get on there. It's so much foolishness and and everybody wants to show me what they ate. I don't really care. I mean, that's fine. Sitting down eating dinner and showing their food. Oh my But tell me something about what the Lord's done for for you. There's a restoration. But you know where where we're at? How do we get back? See, we want to go back, but we've gotten to a place to where it's us and them. It's us four and no more. And not only is it the is it the little foxes that spoil the vine, but sometimes sometimes you can have a truth and that truth can be a poison. Did you know that? That's what he said. Let's see if I can find it. He said now, okay, so the prescription, you want to know the way back. That's it. That is what Peter said. Dr. Peter, the one who's given the inoculation, Christ tried it on himself and it worked. Peter had it and it worked. I got it and it's doing real good. That's the prescription. Don't try to tamper with it. Don't try to add something to it. If you put too much poison, you'll kill your patient. Sure is the world. Dr. Knowed how to balance that prescription. Brother Andrew was up there and I asked Brother Andrew, I said, "That's exactly right." Because you can take something that's good for you, but if you add too much to it or don't get the mixture just right, then it can become a poison. Right. They even take snake venom and make uh make uh medicine out of it, right? They take all kind of mushrooms and stuff like that. And if you do it in the wrong the wrong dosage, it can kill you. All right. So, this is what he said. He said, "Now, if you see, if you put too much poison in it, you kill your patient." That that that that is right. You don't want to be crude and rude and bulldozing and overdriv. See, with the truth that you found, that is where you oneness, brethren, made the mistake. So even though we've got the truth and even though we're on the right side, so as we always say, God's on our side, well, I want to be on God's side. So even though you've got the truth, if you take that, you can be overbearing. You can be bulldozing and you can do more damage than good and drive people away. Then it becomes poison. See, especially if you let it get in and break up fellowship. See, that's where you on this brother made the mistake. Now we are going back to the road. We're going back to cure. And you assembly brothers that separated yourself. Each one of you, that is where you made your mistake. When a truth is added, just go on. Let it alone. God will take care of it. No man can come to him unless he calls him anyhow. Amen. So I I don't I don't want to have too much poison. And I want to have the truth. But you know, when I first got saved and I and I I first came back to the Lord, Amen. I was a little legalistic. I don't know if anybody else has ever experienced that, but I was when I say a little, I mean a lot. And I was a lot legalistic. And and so I said, "Boy, it's got to be this way, and I it's got to be that way." I was about one light switch away from being an Amish because I felt like, you know, Ask my wife back there. I talked to somebody the other day. I said, "You know, I used to be real legalistic." She's like, "Yes, you sure did." But I'm glad the Lord has patience with us. And we all got to grow. And what I've learned in my growth is that every every apple don't get ripe on the tree at the same time. If you go to pick apple, some green in the top, some of them ripe at the bottom. Sometimes it's vice versa. Some of them at the top's real good and ripe. But we don't just know just say, "Hey, you ain't ripe yet. You ain't going to make it." See? We got to have that patience with each other in the church. Yes, sir. the other churches around us. You know, you got people that believe different things and and they say, "Well, you just got to push play and you've got to and and you know what? I I I don't fall out with them. I don't maybe I can't walk all the way." But you know what? They're I believe their heart's right. I think they're in the right place and I think that that they that they're promoting the prophet. So, I'm a friend with them. and and they're saying, "Well, you know, but now where I separate is where they say, "Well, we don't need preachers at all." Now, that's where I separate. But, you know, I I love them and I pray for them and I believe one day, somehow or another, God's going to get all this worked out. Do you believe that? I believe he will. I think he's going to work it all out because there's good people in all these churches. And I mean, you've got different doctrines and you've got people in those. And now, I blame a lot of it on the ministry. Sometimes the ministers get a little they'll get a little idea or they they call a revelation but it's actually just their opinion and then what they do they set they'll divide the people and and and so but they need prayer. They they need us to pray for them. Amen. So anyhow I just want to say that tonight. I felt I felt like like I should because you know um meeting people and you see where their heart's at. You see they really genuinely love the Lord. And I I tell you what, if if I if I based if people looked at me and and the journey that I've been on and my in my life and my walk with Christ, if they would have seen me back 10 years ago, I would have been excommunicated. I would have been cast aside. I would have been one of them or or that one over there. But you know, God had mercy on me. And and as I grew and as I started studying the word and the more I listened and the more I got around fellowship and the more I went to meetings and the more I did this, I thought, "Wait a minute, maybe it ain't so bad over there or maybe this group ain't that bad or and then you start having that fellowship." Amen. You get all that poison out of there that Satan wants to separate the children of God. If he can separate us, he's got us whipped. Come on, brother. That's right. How are we any different than the oneness and the trinitaries and the and all them? That's right. Yeah. See, we're not any different. Amen. If we let that separate us. Now, they might Now, I' I've drew circles and drew it bigger and they kicked me plum out of it before, but let them kick you. Let them be the one to do it. But you do the right thing. You be the one that does the right thing no matter what. Always, always have a hand out for somebody. So, they might kick you out. They might do whatever. But you know what? Brother Billy Paul said this about brother Brandham. He said the one thing about my daddy. He said you couldn't tell his friends from his enemies. You couldn't tell his friends from his enemies. And I I don't want any enemies. And if I did, what do you do with them? Jesus said do good to him. That's right. Is that right? He said I said love your enemy. It's easy to love your neighbor. Brother Matt, you're real lovable. I can love you all these other brothers. But love your enemy. Now, that's a different pill to swallow. Somebody that's talked bad about you, said bad things about And you say, "Brother Joe, this is so elementary." Well, it's elementary. But I tell you what, we sure need it. I need it. I The reason I'm telling you because I need it in my life. I need more of it. Amen. Do you love him? Ain't he good? Amen. So, I did want to say one more thing before I close. That in the book of Revelations when it's talking about the the first woe being passed, I believe it's Revelations. Let me read that. For some reason, I just the Lord just brought that to my attention. So it says here in Revelations 9:8, "And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions, and they had breastplates as it were breastplates of iron, and sound of wings were as a sound of chariots and many horses. But I want to go on down to verse 12. One woe is passed, and behold, there come two woes more hereafter." Now, the musicians can come on up if they want to. I want to just kind of talk about this for just a moment. You know, in this leady and church age, it's such a deceiving age and it it makes it makes you feel like that you've got to be beautiful. You've got to go along with the world. But Paul told tells us that a woman's hair is her covering. And if she cuts it, then she's uncovered. Now uncovered doesn't just mean your head. If you look at uncovering, it means you're naked in the sight of God. And so I just found it was very striking that that here it says that brother Brandham said this that these locust that had hairike women, he said that was to torment those women who had cut their hair. Yeah. See, so if the devil is tempting you to do that, just to trim it, just to leave the curling iron on long enough to burn it off, if he's tempting you to do that, if he's tempted, rebuke him for it. And you say, you say, "I'm not going to be like this lesian church age. I'm not going to be like that." Because right after that was in, it says here, "One woe is passed." And the reason I read that is because that was the first world war. Right after the first world war ended in about 1918 1920 was the first time women started cutting their hair. That's not just a coincidence that it's in the Bible. That's not a coincidence that it's right immediately the first world war ends. And that was called the shingle bob. Maybe some of you young ones didn't know what when brother would say why do you bob your hair? Don't bob your hair girls. That was the that was the hairstyle of the bobbing. It was shaved in the back, long come down in the front. And that's still fashionable to this day. That's still a fashionable thing. And what that was, I read a article about it. That was a sign of rebellion. It was a sign of of shaking off the old stereotypes that women had of being mothers and being real wives and being women. They wanted to do their own thing. See, and everybody, God help me. Everybody that here lately that has that has backslid on God and has and has quit going to church. Yeah. They say, "I'm just doing my own thing right now." That is absolutely the spirit of Satan. And it's it's a spirit of discouragement in the people. Amen. I don't know why I said that. I I just I read that and I was like, "Well, somebody needs to hear it." Because it's so important in this day to be clothed in righteousness. That God's going to have a spotless bride. He's going to have a spotless church just like that original church, just like that first church. But the the difference is this church is going to be raptured. I want to make it. Don't you raise your hand. Say, "I want to make it." If you want to make it, if nobody else does, it's going to be me. Amen. I tell you what, I don't want nothing in this world to hinder me. I don't want I don't want no hair, fashion, hairdo. I don't want no Netflix. I don't want no hip-hop music. I don't want no country music, no Gar Brooks, J Jason Alena, or none of them. Amen. Amen. Turn our eyes toward Jesus. Amen. Look full in his wonderful face. Hallelujah. In Hebrews 12, it says, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith, looking away from all the things of this world. Looking away from all the things that that draws us aside." I don't know if I read that or not. Let me get my phone out of here. I think I've got it in there. I want to read this. I got to have it anyway for the prayer request. Y'all bear with me just a moment. I just really want to read this to you. [Music] Therefore, since we are surrounded, this is amplified version, by so great a cloud of witnesses who by faith have testified to the truth of God's absolute faithfulness, stripping off every unnecessary weight in the sin which so easily and cleverly entangles us. Let us run with endurance and active persistence the race that is set before us. Now, this is it. Verse two, looking away from all that will distract us and focusing our eyes on Jesus who is the author and perfector of faith, the first incentive for our belief and the one who brings our faith to maturity. Who for the joy of accomplishing the goal set before him endured the cross, disregarding the shame and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God, revealing his deity, his authority, and the completion of his work. See, it's all been completed in him. But we've got to get our eyes off of this world. We've got to get our eyes off of one another and get our eyes on him. Turn away from everything. Because when he was in the garden of Gethsemane, he said, "Oh God, let this cut pass from me if it be possible." But yet, he endured that knowing what the shame was going to be. Because the shame that is talked about here was the crucifixion. Because sometimes the public shame of the cross is overlooked. When one thinks of the pain and agony inflicted by it. But in the Roman Empire, crucifixion was a shameful and disgraceful way to die. A form of capital punishment from which Roman citizens were exempt. And in Roman comedy, it was used as a curse. Go to the bad cross. Well, think about that. how that he he laid aside everything and he paid the price to redeem us. How can we turn that aside? How can we just let that just go? Paul said, "How shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? If you neglect your garden, you're going to have weeds in it. If you neglect your family, you're going to have problems. Let's not neglect this salvation. Let's nurture it. Let's feed it every day with the water of the word. Amen. Feed on that mana. Feed on that old corn that's in that new land. Amen. That's where we're at. Let it stand this evening. Got some prayer requests here. This is from brother John Lichek. Prayer request for Brandon Green, a brother from Tennessee that has an unspoken prayer request from brother Luther. Have have a church to remember. Harry Cruz. He worked with me at Liberty Rolloffs. They took him to Savannah Hospital uh this morning. Found out he has a brain tumor. He is a good Christian fellow. Prayer request from brother Jack. From sister uh Brenda. Prayer request for uh from sister Brenda. Prayer request for sister Brenda and her mom. They're traveling together to Colorado to deal with some difficult property estate issues. Praying that the Lord will give them traveling mercies going and coming back and that he will keep his hand of safety upon them and give them wisdom for the decisions that need to be made. This is from Sister Meredith. Can you please have the church pray for my mom? She will be going into the hospital Friday and staying through Monday to change up her heart meds. Please pray for all to go well and for her safety during this changeover. Also, please pray for Hazel and I for traveling safety there and back again. We will be going up Friday or Saturday to be with her. Prayer for Joe Carter for further testing this week. to determine the best treatments going forward. Amen. Prayer for brother Josiah Howell who suffered a UV light burn to his eyes. Yeah. Prayer for brother JD traveling overseas in Turkey and Israel. Also, there's a runoff presidential election on Sunday in Turkey. Refugees have a stay-at-home order because they cannot guarantee protection for them. nominee challenging the president has stated that he will deport all refugees, praying that he doesn't have any issues from this. Amen. Also, brother JD has been requesting uh to find his luggage that got left. So, he really needs that. I think his Bible was in in it and everything. So, I believe the Lord can restore it. I believe the Lord can do that. And I believe the Lord can take every one of these needs that we have. And why don't we gather around up here this this evening. See, got another one here. Came in from Brother Dale. Brother Dale sent one. He says, "I got a a brother named Neil M. Need a supernatural intervention to restore his kidneys after a terrible heart condition." Amen. I believe God can do it. Amen. Is that all the requests? Anybody else? Okay. Anybody else have a need before we go to prayer? Anybody? You have one? Okay. Okay. Amen. I tell you, I prayed for God to help us. We drove to Indiana and and I got two backsliden trucks. The I just trust him every step I take. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful for your mercies, Lord, that you show us every morning, Lord. You're so dear to us, Lord. as we rise, Lord, in the morning when I rise, Lord, God, we're so thankful for all you've done for us, calling us from a life of sin, Lord, putting in our hearts the desire to be in church, Lord, and to worship with our precious brothers and our precious sisters, Lord. God, I just pray tonight, dear Father, for these many requests, Lord, Brother John tonight, Lord. Oh, God, he has a brother in Tennessee for Brand Brandon Green in Tennessee. God, he has an unspoken prayer request, Lord, from Brother Luther. Lord, I pray for that request for him, for that Harry Cruz that he worked with, Lord. Father, I just ask that you would just be merciful in that condition. He has a tumor that they found, Lord. He said he's a wonderful Christian man. God, I know that you love your children, Lord. And Father, I pray, Lord God, that we can bind together tonight. each one of us, Lord, as one can put a thousand to flight, two can put 10,000 to flight. Lord, we we stand with our precious brother, Lord, in this request. Lord, for sister Brenda, them traveling out there, Lord, you know, the situation with the estate property, God, I pray that you would just undertake in a mighty way, Lord, that it would be absolutely a miracle, Lord, the way it works out. Cuz God, we know that you are a miracle working God. You're the God that takes care of all of our problems, Lord. You're mindful of everything, Lord. You want us to prosper, Lord. You said I would that you prosper even as your soul prospers. And Lord, I pray, Lord, that you would help her in this situation that they have and the decisions that they need to make, dear God. Lord, and for Sister Meredith, Lord, I just pray, Lord, for her mother, God, as she's requesting a prayer for her mom. She's going to the hospital, God. Lord, I pray that they'll give her the right medication, Lord, for her heart, God, that everything will work out just fine. And we know our doctors, Lord, are given by you, Lord, for to help suffering humanity. And God, I pray that you would just guide them, Lord, and to help them in that decision that needs to be made for her. And also for Hazel and her, Lord, traveling, God, would you just be with them, give them traveling mercy, Lord, and keep them safe, Lord, from all harm as they travel. God, bless our precious brother Joe, Lord, as he's going for more testing, Lord. God, I know that you are the healer, Lord. for every stripe, Lord, was written down. Lord, you took all those stripes for every every sickness, every disease, every problem that we have, God. I know, Lord, that you are a healer, Lord. And we stand together, Lord, in faith, believing with our precious brother, Lord, that everything is going to be just fine, Lord. We're claiming it, dear Father, for our precious brother. Lord, I pray for Josiah tonight, dear Father, that you would just touch his eyes, dear God. take away that burning sensation, that gritty feeling he has, Lord, from the from the burning, Lord. I just ask that you would just touch him. Let let there be no permanent damage or anything, Lord, and that he can he can get back to work, Lord, and and uh and just heal his body, Lord, is my prayer. And for our precious brother JD, Lord, as he's traveling overseas, oh God, the turmoil and the different situations that's going on, Lord, as so much so much turmoil in the world, Lord, but he's over there on a mission, dear God. He's on a mission to bring the word of God, Lord. And Father, and to plant those seeds, Lord, and to water those seeds, Lord, that's been planted. Father, I pray, Lord, that you would just be with our precious brother, God. And just keep him safe, Lord. God, may he have a prosperous time, Lord, in the word as he cast that net out, dear Father. We know the harvest is ripe, the laborers are few, God, would you bless that laborer over there, Lord? Lord, in return, Father, his luggage that he needs, God, I know that he needs those suits. He needs his Bible, Lord. He needs all those things, Father. And Lord, we know that you, Lord, you you told him where Brother Evans's car was one time. You found the ponies that time, dear Lord, through your prophet. God, I know that you can do the same thing, Lord, tonight. Dear God, we're praying for that. And dear Lord, we ask also for brother Dale and that brother out there, Neil Mer. He needs a supernatural intervention to restore his kidneys, Lord. God, I know that you can just create new kidneys, Lord. You can you can make him like a brand new man again, dear Father. And Lord, we know, dear Father, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, we we can't touch him. We can't lay hands on him. But oh God, by faith believing, Lord, we can reach out, dear Lord, and know that you are a healer, Lord. For you said, "These signs shall follow them that believe, Lord. We don't follow signs, but they follow us. And God, we thank you. We praise you in in advance, Lord, for all of these requests, knowing that you'll meet every one of them, dear God. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] I'm forgi because you were forsen. [Music] I'm accepted. You were condemned. I'm alive and well. Your spirit lives within me because you died and rose again. Oh, amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me. Amazing love I know is true. [Music] It's my joy to honor you. All I do you [Music] forgen. I'm accepted. You are condemned. I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died against me. Oh, amazing love that you my king would die for me. Amazing love is true. It is my joy to honor you in all I do. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amazing. True. It is my joy to you in [Music] you. Amen. Amen. Is there any other needs before we have testimony time? Anybody? You got one? Uh, I'd like to give a praise report. I had a um a lost wallet. So, I know we all have had many prayer requests for people find things, but uh had a really really cool one. So, Friday night went in to get food. I think I left my wallet there, at least in my mind, because I remember pulling it out and uh so I didn't realize it until Monday. So, I don't like didn't use it all weekend. Didn't need it. And I was like, man, where's my wallet? Oh, no. So, I called Chris A. John because Chris, he's back here somewhere. But he that was the restaurant. I went and got the food. So I said, "Chris, can you please check the camera? Can you please ask?" He's he called me back about an hour later. He was like, "Man, I was closing." But I looked, man. I asked the manager. I looked in the drawer. There's no cameras, but I I I'll keep praying. I was like, "Thanks, Chris." And so we started talking and like he started testifying. He was like, "Man, I can tell you so many miraculous things that's happened to me. Like, so just believe, man." And I was like, "Absolutely, man. You pray." And so I started telling him about some different testimonies and I hung up and I felt really good and I was like man you know what I picked up my phone and I was like I was going to type you know find your wallet and put it back in your car. Instead I wrote put wallet back in cart because I just took a step of faith that I am going to have my wallet in the morning. No joke before I was fully awake it was like God gave me a dream and I flashed in my mind and saw my wallet on my desk. And so I got up and I went to work and when I walked in my office there it was. And I was like, I don't know if it was there, but if he put it there, but praise God. So, [Applause] I believe he put it there. So, I had the same thing like two weeks ago. Um, we had a prayer request put in for that tool that I lost. Like, I had no idea where it was. I checked three different customer houses. It was like kind of embarrassing having to go like, "Hey, I did a stupid thing." But I went all the way through this whole thing and then put that request in Wednesday and I was like, you know, I just I need it bad. Like that's a tool that I'd use every single day. And I asked either for him to like just make it appear in the back of the van or put an image in my mind where it was. So, in the back of my mind, I'd already checked the different houses and everything, but in my back of my mind, it was like some little image that I was like, "No, I'm like making that up. It's probably not it. I don't know why I did that." But the next day, Thursday morning, I go and I check that little spot. I was like, you know, it's right around the corner. I'm just going to head in there. And it was right exactly where it was supposed to be. So it was about ready to start balling in front of customers and stuff. But I have another little testimony. Everybody that heard Congo, my dog got bit by a snake and it was kind of a scary deal cuz I was a ways away from the house and everything. I didn't know what kind of snake it was or anything like that. So, it was just immediately I called Gideon and I was like, "Hey, call your mom cuz she's the one that knows how to pray for dogs." So, um I immediately it was just so awesome knowing that there is such a resource to use that everybody was immediately went to prayer and it worked. He uh is back to his own self and he's doing good running around. So, no swelling. There's a little scab and that's it. So, it was a copper head that could have been bad, could have not been bad. I don't know. It just I fully believe it was the prayers that did it for him. But [Applause] those copperheads are no joke. Our neighbor um they lost their dog from it. So, that was the prayer to save that dog. So um one of the issues our baby has had um her umbilical cord only has one artery compared to other babies like all other babies who has two and basically it causes um your baby not to receive like proper nutrition and they can't like grow and develop like normally. So basically throughout my entire pregnancy, she has actually declined like as I like as every week has gone by, she has declined in the weight percentile. And when we went to the doctor um for an ultrasound at the end of April, she was in the third percentile. And then two Fridays ago, we met with the NICU doctor and it was a very long appointment, but just concerning that specific issue, she said that when she was born, like she would need multiple procedures. She would have to um she would definitely be in the NICU for over several weeks. Um she would have to have like IVs to give her like extra nutrition and proteins. um she would she would be so weak that she actually wouldn't even be able to eat on her own. So she would have to have a feeding tube. Um and that's just for her size. That's not even all the other stuff she would need for her other issues. Um and I had my ultrasound yesterday and one thing the doctor told us was that she won't even be 4 lb like if you carry her full term. And she weighed 4 lbs 13 ounces yesterday. And she, which is more than double in size from our last ultrasound, she only weighed 2.6. And she went from the third percentile to the 22nd. And my prayer for the appointment yesterday was that our baby would grow. Even if it was just one, like she went to the fifth percentile, I was going to be so happy. and the Lord exceeded my expectations like beyond like anything I could imagine. So, I'm just so grateful. And I know a lot of people probably don't understand weight percentiles, but basically like if your baby's in the 25th to like 50th, that's like perfectly normal. So, her size is pretty much perfectly normal. So, I'm just so grateful. Amen. You know, uh, recently I was sick and all y'all was praying for me, wondering what was wrong with me. Well, I just, uh, the Lord healed me because of y'all's prayers. But I got up on a Wednesday morning. I just felt terrible, just sick, scratchy throat, coughing, congestion, just slept a lot. And Jason insisted I stay home and isolate. And even sister Andrea come over and brought me flowers. I felt so bad I didn't invite her in the house, you know, cuz and it's a good thing because I had a doctor's appointment for a regular checkup. I had to reschedu it. And that was last Monday. And when I went to him and I said, "Yeah, I was sick and that's why I rescheduled." And he said, "What was wrong?" And I told him, he said, "I got a lot of patients like that. There's a new variant going around and I had CO. So, and God just protected all y'all and me and and healed me because y'all I just thought I wanted to tell y'all that. Appreciate your prayers so much. [Applause] Sister, I want to tell you where's Abby at? Hold. Raise your hand up. Abby. Matter of fact, come here for a minute. How many shades of red can that face turn? Just stand right here if you would. She was 2 lb and 4 ounces when she was born. Three months early. Didn't think we was even going to be able to raise her for the Lord. And we even had a friend who because she was in the NICU for three months and had a friend who was had already started to make a coffin for her because they weren't expecting her to make it. But we had some brothers who wouldn't take no for an answer. We wouldn't take what the devil had to say. And sister, I appreciate that testimony right there because we're not going to Well, I'm taking it back. We're going to take it back. Whatever Whatever the devil's trying to take from you, we're taking it back. Amen. My Anybody else? You're She's 2 lbs and 4 ounces. So, a couple of weeks ago, I was we were driving home from church and I told Aaron, I said, you know, I'm not normally an organ player, you know, um mostly a pianist. And I said, I can't really get better on the organ if I don't have one to practice at home with. And I just said that in passing. And I said, well, you know, it is what it is. So, it was about two weeks ago, I was at work and Aaron texted me. He said, I found you in Oregon. I said, 'Oh, that's that's great. Okay. So, I got home and he went and picked it up. It was Hammond, so I was really really excited and it was free from a church. Um, and so I'm just really grateful that God just honor. It wasn't even a prayer, just a thought that I just spoke because I really wanted to improve. So, God hath the praise of his people. Well, brother Chris Watkins asked me to give this testimony. So, um, two weeks ago, um, you all know I was living with in brother Jason's camper and that situation changed. He decided to sell it. So, I had to find a new place to go and I thought I had everything worked out and um I was going to I I managed, you know, to make arrangements to get a camper from Brother Canada and then to move I thought in the very same spot I was at, but that guy kind of like stopped communicating with me because I guess that place was getting shut down where I was living. So, um on Yeah. So, two weeks ago today, I woke up at 10:00 in the morning, find out I had to move because the camper is being sold. So, I put everything in storage and then didn't know what I was going to do. And then, but what I was getting to say, I guess I'm getting ahead of myself, but the night before I was on the phone with my brother and I have a half brother. Um, anyway, and I told him I'm going to use the same faith and just like when I the same day I left the motel, brother Jason, it was put on his heart to put me in this camper. So I said and I didn't know where I was going to go when I left that motel. So I would just the same aspect I was like well whatever happens I'm gonna be okay. And so I worked everything out where I was able to get the camper and also the very same day I found a place to put it. And the guy that I rented it from still has not even asked me for anything right now. He's just do you need anything? And just making sure I'm all settled in and everything. and he helped me get some stuff that I needed like an extension cord and some other stuff. And then also I wanted to say um that my new employer um they're Christians and um they really done a lot to help me out and I don't ask people I try not to ask anybody for anything and one thing I needed for the camper was a 20 foot extension of a waistline. Well, you can't really buy one in Buford. So he ordered one on Amazon and when it came in he said see if that works. And I said I did. how much do I owe you? He said, I owe you nothing and or I owe him nothing. So, I thanked him for that. And I just wanted just say that still like I know I'm trying my best to always be here and I know it's a the greatest place to be because just the other day like I never have any fellowship really. If I'm working or if I'm not working or if I'm not here, I'm always alone. And the other day, um, me and Chris and John Watkins, we went bird watching for like two hours. And, you know, it was like the greatest thing ever just to be able to be with Christians and the children of God and have fellowship. And it really just warm my soul. I just want to thank God for all these things. Praise the Lord. I think we've we've prayed, we've given praise, we've heard the word, and I think we could depart from here. Brother, you want to sing something as we go? I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm when the enemy comes. You're dismissed. God bless you. I will raise up my stand and I'll overcome. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith. And I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and I'll overcome. Satan, can you hear me? This light is for you. You have no power over what I go through. Victory is in Jesus and he lives in me too. So I'll turn up my praise and show you what we can do. I'm going to turn up my bra and drown out. I'm holding my shield away and I feel when the enemy [Music] can you hear me? This light is for you. You have no power over what I go through. Victory is in Jesus. And Jesus lives in me, too. I will turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. [Applause] Sing, can you hear me? This light is for you. You have no power over what I go through. Victory in Jesus. And Jesus lives in me, too. So I'll turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the town. I'm holding my shield of pain and I feel when the enemy [Music] stander and I overcome. I will raise up my standard and I'll overcome. [Music] [Music] All that. [Music]
