################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-03 - 230503 - Matthew Smith God Behind Badger Skins - Matthew Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-05-03
Title:    230503 - Matthew Smith: God Behind Badger Skins
Speaker:  Matthew Smith
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpVNaXk_mpw
========================================

Description:
Brother Matthew Smith ministers the Wednesday Evening Service "God Behind Badger Skins" on May 3rd 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I pledge alance to the lamb. am with all my strength. With all I am, I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alance to the lamb. I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a ty throne. They were told that he would spare their lives. If they would reounce that name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God. They would not deny like a great angelic fire. [Music] I can almost hear those voicees ring. I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his commitment. I pledge to lead [Music] the land. Now the years have come and the years have come. But the cause of Jesus, it still goes on in our time has come to count the cost to reject this world and embrace the cross. And one by one, let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life. Till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to all his command. I bear alence to [Music] the lamb. [Music] To the lamb of God who bore my face who took my place and who wore my shame. I will sing to his commands. I pledge allegiance to [Music] the land. Sing it with me one more time. I pledge alce to the lamb with all my strength with all I am. I will seek to honor his coming. I pledge alle to the land [Music] with all my strength. and all I am. I will sing to honor. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I pledge alance to the Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Glory. You ready for the word tonight? Amen. How many has a hunger? I just want to say, Lord, I got a hunger for you. Amen. And the thirst. I want you to be praying. Just wanted to come up here before just a special uh prayer request here again. The need went out over the uh WhatsApp chat about my grandmother uh who went on to her reward. And it's a very uh tragic, sad day for the family and the loss uh that we feel. Yet, it's a very happy happy day also at the same time. Amen. For my grandmother experiencing something that we only get a taste of. But I say, Lord, give me a taste of it. Amen. And it's not just the taste that she's got now, but Amen. She's uh enjoying things that we can only dream about. And so just ask you to have a special prayer especially for my mom uh just today the whole family all of my grandpa all of the uh my aunts and uncles my mom's sisters and brothers also my dad there um just to be able you know the Lord the Bible says that God is the God of all comfort and so people can comfort you but you know God can comfort you in a way that's supernatural I believe more than just good kind words those are always comforting but I believe that the Bible says that there's a peace peace that can pass even our own understanding. Would you pray that the Lord envelops my family with that right now? Amen. Just through the night uh throughout the coming days. We'll be traveling there uh me and my wife I think my brothers have already went that way but me and my wife will be traveling there on Friday. But Jason and Mars will be speaking uh this Sunday morning. So you keep us in prayer. The funeral's this Saturday. I think the arrangements and different things have already been uh announced. Did you come hungry? We already asked that question. Well, I got a good promise. The Bible says, "He that hunger and thirst for righteousness shall be filled." How many want to say, "Lord, empty me so you can fill me." Let's invite brother Matthew to come. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek. Let's raise those hands now. Oh, his command I pledge alance to one more time. the lamb. Oh my [Applause] [Music] all [Music] I am. I will seek to honor his coming. Pledge alce to the lamb. Good evening everybody. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Um really appreciate that song. It really touched me. I was kind of sitting in the back and I heard that song being sang and I had to step out. I couldn't couldn't stand to not hear it better. Um, I guess uh it's have a little couple days and I uh it's real simple. It's not anything crazy. I don't claim to be any kind of a preacher. I do claim that the Lord is a preacher. Maybe if the Lord would preach, you might get something. If I preach, you'll go away disappointed. So maybe if the Lord would preach, maybe anoint this thought on my heart. um you might be encouraged. Uh if you could turn um in your Bibles, we'll we'll pull our text here. Um where was my text at? Uh let's um I just remembered I'm going to change my text up. Uh pull up uh John 3:16. Can we can all all turn here? Everyone's got our Bibles. Most of us quot it by heart. If you can't, well, should read your Bible more. says, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever would believe in him would not perish but have everlasting life." We'll bow our hearts before the Lord. Oh great heavenly father, Lord, we're coming before you this evening with an our hearts open. A needy people. So many of us struggling. So many of us have needs. So many of us, all of us, dependent on you to make it through our day. Without you, we wouldn't draw the breath in our lungs. Without you, the we wouldn't have the ground that we stand on. So, Father, we're we're depending upon you. We're depending upon you for everything that we have, for all that is within us. So Lord, we're asking that you would come down and dwell with us this evening. That you would commune with us in the cool of the evening. That you'd be pleased to dwell with us. That anybody who would have a need, Father, they could they could reach out to you in their heart and you would come down and you would touch my heart. You would touch my lips and that I would be able to say something that I would just be an instrument and that I could get out of the way, Father. and that any anything in my flesh, any nervousness in my flesh would be put aside. That I could I could set that aside. That I could I could not be caught up in in in my thoughts, but I could be have my heart open to your thoughts and that your thoughts would come come down and those eternal thoughts that would bring the people to glory, Father, that the people would be able to have faith and would would be encouraged, Lord. So, we're asking the these things according to your word. For you said where two or three were gathered, you would be with us. And so, Father, we're we're asking these things in your holy and precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You all can be seated. I'm going to the grace of the Lord. Hopefully I can, as I said, step out the way and really present this thought in the way that it came to me with the same spirit and passion that it came to me. It's it's one of the greatest challenges of a minister. Often times you have the Lord put something on your heart and then you know you get behind the pull pit and you got your your own, you know, things of the day, your own cares, your own anxieties, your own nervousness, your own flesh that gets in the way. But that's the that's the the the greatest uh thing that a minister could do is step out the way and let the Lord speak. So I want to I'm just going to uh read out of my notes here. You don't really necessarily have to turn Um, I'm gonna I guess that got messed up, so I'm going to have to turn to it in my Bible. Um, so I'm going to go to uh Revelations 17, verse one. Um, got it here. It says, "And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, come hither, and I will show unto you the judgment of the great that siteth upon many waters, with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of fornication." So he carried me away in the spirit unto the wilderness. And I saw a woman sit upon uh a scarlet-c colored beast full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and 10 horns. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication. So, we know, you know, we're all pretty well verssed in the scripture. We know that the the prophet very clearly taught that this is a this is a type of, you know, the the the church world of of of the modern day that that at one time this is a you know, the the Lord had even called this this woman bride perhaps, but she had for she had committed adultery. She had taken what was a true word, a true revealed word, and had then exchanged that and exchanged the the revealed word of her day for some sort of man-made thing, right? That she had she chose to worship the works of her own hands instead of worshiping the word that God had given her. And so God in God's eyes saw that as a form of adultery, as a as a a fornication. So, you know, and and and so we're all familiar with this. And we might turn to uh Jeremiah chapter 3 6. I have it here. Says, "The Lord said unto me also, the Lord said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel has done. She has gone up gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot." And I said, after she had done all these things, turn thou unto me. But she returned not, and her treacherous sister Judah saw it. And I saw when, for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery, I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce, yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not. But went and played the harlot also. And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom that she defiled the land and committed adultery with the stones and with stocks. And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but faintedly sayeth the Lord. I want to read that from the NLT because I I I just like the way it says it. Says during the RA uh I'll skip down a little bit. It says um uh and she saw that I divorced faithless Israel because of her adultery, but that treacherous sister Judah had no fear. And now she too has left me and given herself to prostitution. Israel treated it so lightly. She thought nothing of committing adultery by worshiping idols made of wood and stone. So now the land has been polluted. But despite all this, her faithless sister Judah has never sincerely returned to me. She has only pretended to be sorry. I the Lord have spoken. And so here we have the Lord making about the same par comparison. You know that here's Israel has been given the word of the Lord for their day, given clear understanding, given the prophets to teach them what the the the commandments of the Lord might be and to keep them on the path. And they didn't listen and instead chose to worship the works of their own hands and to build some other religion, you know, that didn't that was more convenient, more, you know, maybe it looked better to the rest of the world. and the rest of the world didn't kind of curl their lip when they, you know, walked by and didn't call them mean names so much and, you know, was maybe more likely to do business with them and, you know, it was financially expedient to do these things, you know, and so the Lord here is he's he's calling Israel, look, you're you're exchanging all the effort that I put out and I called you my people and that you don't care. You know, you've turned your back and you've you've exchanged the word that I wanted to put in your heart for some other thing, you know. And so then I come down to Genesis 4 verse one says, "And Adam knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bare Cain and said, I have gotten a man from the Lord." And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep. But Cain was a tiller of the ground. And in process of time it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. And Abel he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and under and unto his offering. But unto Cain and to his offering he had no respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell. And the Lord said unto Cain, "Why art thou wroth? Why is thy countenance fallen? If thou dost well, shalt thou not be accepted? And if thou dost not well, sin lith at the door, and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him." So here we see a comparison. You see God's chosen one, Abel, making the sacrifice that God, you know, that in line with the order of God's word, and it was accepted and there was atonement there. But then here's Cain who's trying to worship the work of his own hands, trying to worship something that wasn't in line with the order of God's word. God didn't accept it. Didn't mean nothing, you know. It it it just made a bunch of smoke. didn't actually cover nothing. No sins were atoned for. But Abel's sins were covered. Why? Because it was in line with the with the word of God. That's right. Well, then we come down to the previous verse, Genesis 3 and verse 6, and it says, "When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eye, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof and did eat, and give also unto her husband with her." And he did and he did eat. The eyes of them both were open and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons unto Adam. Oh no, that's sorry that's where I want to stop there. So here's here's Adam and Eve original sin. All more or less aware of what this is a story about, right? It's not it's necessarily a story about eating an apple. Amen. But we know, so if you're noticing, there's a type here. This is a this is a thread that's running all the way through the Bible. Every single instance, and I actually want to go back and pick something up with with Cain and Abel here, right? Because every single instance that I've read here is a is God making a reference to sin as a form of adultery or spiritual fornication. Every single instance. And I'm going to show that to you in in with Cain and Abel here. Right? So it says in verse 7 of uh chapter 4. Um I'll read it in the King James says, "If thou well, shalt thou not be accepted. And if thou does not well, sin lith at the door, and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him." Um if you read that same verse from Strongs, and you just kind of read it through, it says, "If you do what is right, will you not be accepted? But if you refuse to do what is right, sin is crouching at your door and you are as its object of desire. Wow. But you must master it. Now that that phrase its object of desire is actually a Hebrew word and this is Strong's. It's one Hebrew word. This is Strong's definition of that of that word which I can't pronounce because I ain't gonna try. Um it says that that word that phrase object desire means desire, longing, craving of a man for a woman, of a woman for a man or of a beast to devour. And so here's God saying sin is at your door and it has a particular kind of desire for you of the sort of desire a man would have for a woman or vice versa. This is not and so what he's saying to Cain is Cain, you better watch out because there's you're you're on the brink of doing the same thing your parents did. Right? You're g I'm giving you the chance now to stop. Right? Giving you the chance now to repent, to recognize that what you've done isn't right. It's it's it's not right. And you've got a chance to admit your fault and and go the other way. Because when you look at Adam and Eve, you know, the first thing they do, first thing they do when they sin is they immediately recognize their nakedness, right? They immediately recognize, they become self-conscious. They become immediately self-aware and their consciousness is pricking them. Oh heavens, what have we done? We've sinned and they're immediately ashamed of what they've done and they know it. And so they try to make a covering, try to cover up what they did and hide. So they're they don't have to look at it anymore because it's it's stinging their heart a little bit. And so, you know, brother Brandham called that that that that fig leaf, called it religion. It's type of religion because that's what people do. We'll go out and we'll get, you know, we'll get a little bit, you know, we'll we'll do something wrong. But instead of going, "Ah, I'm going to change and go the other way. We'll just cover her up a little bit. We'll go get a little bit of religion. We'll go to church. You know, we'll we'll, you know, make sure that we sing extra loud on Wednesday night. you know, we'll clap our hands extra in rhythm and you know, it's you know, it's like, you know, we're going to we're going to read an extra scripture that day or something. I don't know. The point is people get real religious when they're think they're doing wrong because their conscience is pricking them because they're trying to cover it up. Got themselves some fig leaves, you know, and that's what all through history has been. And see, but the the problem with the fig leaves is it didn't really hide anything. The reason why it wasn't in line with with the the uh the the program of God is because with sin, something's got to die, right? There's got to be some blood. It's got to hurt. Doesn't really hurt too bad to trim a fig tree and make get some leaves. But, you know, you look at you look at Cain and Abel. Cain had fig leaf religion, too. Right? He's burning plants. See, and I think the reason why, you know, when you're looking at Cain and Abel with Cain, he goes out there and gets some crops and he he burns them and goes, "Oh, you know, what I've done is so is so nice and it's, oh, it's a real sacrifice to give up this barrel of grain and some apples and whatever it was that he had." But with Abel, he's a shepherd. And shepherds spend a lot of time raising their sheep. And they loved their sheep very dearly. You know, David loved his sheep enough to go fight lions and bears to keep those sheep safe. Can't imagine Abel felt about the same way about his sheep. And he loved those sheep. And it's the firstborn. It It's the the the uh if we if we read that um pull it up again, see here. And it says, um, "And Abel, he also brought the firstlings of his flock, the one his first ones, the ones he started with, right? his the ones that he he cared about like they were the the first ones. And he gets his his this sheep that's been with him the longest and he has to take it over to a big old boulder and he puts it on that boulder and he looks it in the eye and takes a big sharp rock and starts hacking its throat out and blood starts going everywhere and that sheep starts screaming because it ain't a fun time. Amen. And it's screaming and crying and kicking and Abel's got tears running down his face going, I have to do this because of everything that I've done to make this sheep die. It wasn't my sins aren't just something insignificant cuz this animal that I love so much has to die and I've got to kill it. Amen. I've got to look it in the eye and know that he is suffering because of me. And that thing is screaming and bleeding and it is a mess and it it's misery. And so the next time when Abel walks away from that sacrifice soaked in the blood of his own of that sacrifice, he's he's not going back to what he did before. It hurt too much. The next time he is approached by that temptation, he's going to go, "No, a another sheep doesn't need to die for this. I'm not doing the same thing twice. You know, maybe it'll be something a different day and a different sheep will have to die, but not for the same thing, you know. But Cain, they ain't no heart, no heartstrings being pulled in that sacrifice. He's burning some popery. It smells nice. Like, come on. This isn't there's no there's no unpleasantness in that. It's kind of a good time really. Matter of fact, maybe he wants to send more just so he can excuse to do it. I don't know. The point is there's nothing. There's no bite to that sacrifice. Doesn't there's no no cost. No cost. It it doesn't cost him nothing. No skin in the game. That's good. And so, you know, that's what people do, unfortunately. That's what people do. We want our we want our fig leaf. We want our our thing that, you know, we can sort of acknowledge that, okay, maybe we didn't we shouldn't have done that, but you know, well, here's our little justification or maybe, you know, and because the thing is this whole thing is a is, you know, different forms of fornication. You look at you look at um in Jeremiah, you know, people are making idols worshiping the sticks and stones and I'm sure you know we've all heard that that doesn't mean sticks and stones necessarily. You know, doesn't mean that you went out and carved a statue to Molech, right? Maybe you just haven't read your Bible in a month and certainly wouldn't miss checking whatever it is on your phone, right? Certainly won't miss the latest, I don't know, Daily Wire podcast, you know, certainly won't miss the the last, you know, Tucker Carlson or, you know, the latest NFL game or, you know, won't miss whatever it is. I don't know, you know. You've got your streaming service that you'll binge watch, but you won't pick up your Bible. Oh, you've got a nice idol there. It's real pretty. You got all the glitz and glamour of Hollywood on it. Amen. You know, but where's God? you know, and it's and then we'll say, "Oh, well, you know, I we'll we'll go get us some feel-good scriptures." Kind of pat ourselves on the head and say, "Oh, well, you know, it's all right. I got my fig leaf." And I mean, after all, look, I go to Mesa Church. I go to Mesa Church. I got designer fig leaves. Gucci Versace fig leaves, right? like this is, you know, like like we're some it's some kind of special covering. No, it's not. You're you're just as naked before God as anybody else. The only thing that God recognizes that is that shed blood of a lamb. It's all that's there, right? It's that atonement. And you know, I I, you know, thinking of this, it's kind of hard. You might be thinking, "What in the world is that text have happened to any of this?" Um, but the reality is everybody's put on fig leaves at some point. I have, you have, everyone does at some point. Everyone's fallen short. Everyone's righteousness is filthy rags. Nobody's innocent. And there's, you know, there's a there's a tendency for people to um to kind of, you know, we we maybe maybe people would would, you know, go do live all carnally and and forget God basically except when they're at church and then think, oh, well, you know, I I It's there's a certain kind of atonement or whatever. God shed his blood for me. I'm all right. All right. Okay. Well, you know that that story that Brother Bam tells about pardon. Um how there's a young man, he's he's in jail. Um I believe he deserted and during the Civil War and you know, he got scared all the can of fire got just panicked him and he and he took off and and ran away. And um his friend went to President Lincoln and um was trying to get him pardoned because they were going to hang him for desertion. and um his friend went to President Lincoln and said, "You know, my friend, he he he just he just panicked at the wrong moment and and now they're going to hang him. You know, Mr. President, could you please find it in your heart to write him a pardon?" And but the time's short. You know, they're going to hang him like tomorrow morning and and you know, we got to So, we time's short and President Lincoln I think he pulled a napkin out of his pocket and and and wrote the pardon on the back of a napkin and and the friend runs to the jail and he's showing the friend, "Hey, they pardoned you and his friends like, "I ain't taking that. That's a joke. You didn't go to President Lincoln. Ain't no way you went to President Lincoln cuz And I know you didn't go to Pres because it's written on a napkin, right? It's I mean, come on." And besides, his handwriting doesn't look as good as it ought to. And it's like, "No, he actually wrote this. I watched him write it." It's like, "No, President, if it came from the president, it'd be a nice fancy paper with a nice pretty seal and it' be like embossed or something, but it was a part." And so, he rejected the pardon. He wouldn't take it because he thought it was a joke. Yeah. and they hung him and he was he didn't have to be hung, but it wasn't pretty enough, right? It didn't didn't meet what he thought it might look like. Yeah. So, I I was studying about that and I wanted to find the, you know, because I heard brother Brandon tell the story a lot and I I wanted to um find like the original maybe like a source document or something, you know, and I'm starting to, as I'm trying to do some research and find it, I come across this other um this other uh Supreme Court case because the the the the moral of that story was they had ultimately gone to the Supreme court cuz somebody because the lawyers got a hold of him and said, "Well, we have a problem here because the president pardoned this man yet we hung him. So, what do we do?" And so it went to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court said, "Well, um, a pardon's only a pardon if it's accepted as a pardon. It's got to be accepted otherwise it's no good. Um, it's okay." And so, um, so I got to I got to looking into this and there was another court case that happened later and it was a it was a man there was they were considering um he was accused of some crimes and different things or no I'm sorry he was um he was testifying in court and he didn't want to testify even though he was compelled to by law but he didn't want to testify because he was afraid that if he testified it would incriminate him in some his some of his own crimes like that. And so, uh, President Wilson had written him a pardon that basically if he testified, he the pardon would cover any, um, any crimes that he would be implicated in during the testimony because I guess the person he was testifying against was a much bigger fish to fry. So, but then he there was some without getting too many too much into the details because lawyers make things very complicated. Um, So, it ultimately went to the Supreme Court. And so, this is an excerpt from that Supreme Court decision because they're they're they're trying to decide, well, if you The problem with pardoning someone when they've never actually admitted to a crime and they're not on trial and they've not been convicted of anything is that a pardon isn't amnesty. Okay? Amnesty is like, "Well, we don't know if you did anything, but if you did, we won't prosecute." A pardon is not that, right? And so, I'm going to I'm going to read a little bit of this of the Supreme what the Supreme Court wrote here about this case and then hopefully try to explain it. says, quote, "A pardon is an act of grace proceeding from the power entrusted with the execution of the laws which exempts the individual on whom it is bestowed from the punishment the law inflicts for a crime he has committed. It is the private though official act of the executive magistrate delivered to the individual for whose benefit it is intended. Now that's fancy way of saying pardon is an act of grace on the behalf of a sovereign to somebody who has been convicted of a crime to make them no longer subject to the penalty of that crime. Right. The problem here and this is this is where where it got complicated is way court works is if you're accused of something right the police say you done it and you say you go to you have what's called an arraignment right you come before the judge and the judge asks you how do you plead and you can say guilty or not guilty if you say guilty you are saying the police are right I did it at At that point, you are declared guilty. There's no need for a trial. The police, you know, the the the government says you did it. You say you did it. You did it. Off to the penalty you go. There's no need for for a trial. But if you say not guilty, I didn't do it. I'm innocent. Then the court has to have a trial, right? Because they're saying, well, the police say you did it, but you're saying you not you didn't do it. So now we're going to have to get a bunch of get a jury together and we're going to have to have a courtroom and then you're going to have to come in here and everyone's going to present evidence and at the end of the evidence if a jury of your peers has enough evidence to say you did it or didn't do it then they'll decide and that's that's that right? And so the problem is the reason why this got kind of sticky is the guy had never even been accused of a crime. And as far as the court is concerned, you are innocent until proven guilty. Until you went either until you admitted guilt or a court, a jury said you were guilty, you're innocent, right? And so you got to have a trial and to determine that. And this guy had never been to trial. He'd never even been accused. As far as the court's concerned, he's innocent. You can't pardon an innocent person. It's for the guilty. It's not for the innocent. Amnesty is for somebody who's assumed innocent. Pardon is for somebody who's known to be guilty. And so they they came down. And so when they're when they're they're discussing this, you know, they're saying this is an act of grace in the on behalf of a sovereign to a guilty party. But it says circumstances may be made to bring innocence under the penalties of the law. If so brought, escape by confession of guilt implied in the acceptance of a pardon may be rejected, preferring to be the victim of the law rather than its acknowledged transgressor, preferring death even to such certain infamy. Okay. So what the court is saying here is you could theoretically have somebody the reason why you have to allow people to reject their own pardon is because you might have someone who is accused of a really heinous crime and they'd rather be convicted in front of a jury and be sentenced maybe even to death and go to their own execution saying it was rigged. It was a kangaroo court. I'm innocent. I was framed. It's all a lie. I'm innocent. and be declaring their own innocence right until the end because they would rather be con seen as a victim of an unjust system than acknowledge their own guilt and say I'm wrong right because if you accept the pardon it means you did it right means you're guilty and this is the problem too many times times Christians would rather declare their own innocence and say, "Uh, it's not so bad. Is it really that big of a deal?" You know, you know, if you eat of the fruit, thou shalt not surely die. This is small things. We've got our pet carnality or our pet sin or our pet thing that well, you know, you got like a scripture or a quote that you kind of take a belt sand or two and sand all the context off of it to kind of shoehorn it into your particular situation so that you can, you know, wedge yourself into some sort of thing and say, "Well, I've got my defense, judge. I'll come before the judge and make my defense." Well, here's the thing. There's one courtroom that you're going to be in front of, right? Everyone right now, you're in a you're in arraignment right now. There's a courtroom coming. Right? Ain't here yet. So the judge is you're in front of the judge and the judge is saying, "Are you innocent or are you guilty? Did you sin or are you trying to plead your own innocence?" Cuz if you say, "I'm guilty." Well, we don't need a trial. Right? We can call you guilty right now and then you can have a pardon. Right? There's a pardon if you want to accept your guilt, but if you want to say, "No, I'm going to I'm I can justify my nonsense." Okay, go ahead. You're guilty in front. You're innocent in front of the court until proven guilty. You'll get your day in court. Don't worry. You know, the the great white throne judgment is very impartial. and he will take your argument as serious as it actually is, which probably isn't very in reality because the truth of the matter is, you know, when you're wrong. God's not judging you based on, you know, what kind of logic you can bring. He's judging you based on your heart. And you might be able to lie to a a human judge and jury, you ain't lying to God. And when you're on in front of that judge, you ain't even lying to yourself no more, right? So I guess, you know, my here I am and I'm thinking about this and I It's it's it's kind of hard to think in these terms. You know, I I promise you anything that I say behind the pulpit, I've aimed at myself a whole lot more than anybody else. And um you know, you look at yourself in the mirror a lot of times and it's really hard, really hard to look at that and go, "Yeah, I'm going to make it." You know, but see the consolation is God never expected you to be perfect. He just expected you to admit when you weren't, right? It's not It's not about you being perfect. It's about you being willing. All right, look. the fig leaf religion. That's your that's Adam and Eve trying to make their own case for innocence. It's Cain's attempt at making his own case for innocence. It's, you know, ah, I'm okay. I got something to cover my sins. Okay, it's a bad legal argument and it's not going to work. And that's but the problem is so you notice when at the end of the story with Adam and Eve and Adam and Eve get kicked out the garden and they're walking away. Huh? Have you ever heard brother Brandham tell that story? Adam and Eve, you know, hanging their heads, heartbroken, walking out of that garden and knowing like, "What have we done?" Cuz they and it's not like they didn't know that the rest of that they were going to have children, the rest of humanity was going to suffer because of them. Oh, they knew full well. You know, they're they're going, "Oh, we have just doomed everyone." And you know, the bloody lamb skkins that because God had to make an atonement or he had to kill him. So, what did he do? He killed the lamb and he put that that nasty messy I mean you ever seen a raw hide? It's it's a mess. But it was it covered them. It was a mess, but it was a in the sight of God. It was a whole lot better than some, you know, Gucci fig leaves. And you know that atonement it it you know it wasn't about what they did because God knew you know God it's not like when God made Adam and Eve he didn't know what they were going to do. You know, I I I think about think about Samson, you know, when the first thing you read about Samson is actually when angel came to his parents and told him, you know, he's going to be a great deliverer and he's going to do all these things. God didn't mention the part where he was going to chase a bunch of Philistine women and you know uh he was going to uh end up with a finding a prostitute in in in uh what's the city called? I can't remember now. Gaza. Thank you. Um you know didn't mention that part. Didn't mention the part where he's going to mil marry some Philistine woman. Didn't mention the part where he was going to go you know still be stuck on Philistine women and end up with Delilah. You know didn't didn't mention any of that. He just said he was going to be a mighty, you know, deliverer. And you think, well, did did God did God not know? Was he, you know, oh man, I got this extra covenant to make today, and who I'm give to I'll give it to that guy. He looks all right. No, it's not how God operates. God knew Samson's in from his beginning. He knew what he was going to do. Didn't matter. He still did it. Still gave. He still chose Samson. Yeah. You know, and you know, did he when when we've been reading, me and Kate have been reading um uh uh through the life of David and we're just getting into the beginning of it and you know, here comes here comes Samuel and it, you know, goes through all the all the brothers and said, "No, I want the I want that one. You know, go out in the field and get me that give me that, you know, scrawny little sheep herder. He's gonna be the king because God said he's going to be the king. And you know, God told Samuel that that's the one. When God told that to Samuel, was he unaware of what David would do? Was he unaware that David would eventually murder one of his very best friends just to have an affair with his wife? Did Did God not know? Was he unaware? You know, did he just accidentally skip that part? You know, no. God knew exactly what he was doing. And when he knew that David would do that when he called him a man after his own heart, you know, because think about it. What was really the difference between Saul and David? David repented. When David was confronted by a prophet, he said, "Oh Lord, created me a clean heart. Do fix me. I'm a wretch. I don't want to be me no more. I I want to be different from this. I don't deliver me of this thing. But uh Saul was eh, you know, he he he just made excuses, you know. Oh, well, you know, the people went and got the animals and I didn't do it and I No, don't look at my fig leaves, you know. No, that's that's the difference because one would repent and the other one wouldn't. You know, that's what God's looking for. you know, you look at um and and furthermore, I don't know how I loop back around to that. Um the uh so I'm you know, we get this this you know, I'm thinking about this this idea that so many times we're looking at that at the person, at the flesh, at the us when we're in the mirror, you know, when we're sitting there feeling like David going, "Oh, what have I done that? I am just the worst. We look at this and we say, "Why would God pick me, right? Why would God pick this worm?" You know, of all the people God could have picked. I mean, why would, you know, if God's trying to create this this people, this chosen people that are going to be like rulers during the millennium and and sit on the throne, the judgment throne with him at the great white throne judgment. The Bible says you'll judge men and angels, right? But you will, and you're going, "Me? Why? Why couldn't you pick someone who got a doctorate in law?" You know, like, why couldn't you pick a Supreme Court justice to do that? Surely, he'd be better at it, you know? Why couldn't we Why did God pick a bunch of repbates, you know? Well, it's because God always picks the unlikely things, right? You know, God's not interested in what the outside looks like. You let scripture um know you not you are the temple. If you ever studied that out, you find that um you know the temple, the actual temple is a pattern of a human being. It's patterned after a human being, right? If you go back and look at the tabernacle, go back and look at the tabernacle in the wilderness. It's a tent, right? And ultimately that that same pattern became the the temple that Solomon built. Just looking at the looking at the tabernacle in the wilderness, there's this place where God dwells. Reminds me, I think, uh, was it you, brother Matt, that was talking about um, previously, you know, that God created the environment first and then created the animals within it. you know, he made the water so that he had the fi the fish, you know, fish fish had a fin on its back because he had the had the water. Um, I heard him preach that and it reminded me of the very very very first sermon I ever preached. Um, most of y'all have never heard it because it was at my dad's church in Flagstaff. um was the very first sermon I ever preached and that was that was my thought because it occurred to me that God had made the water and then he made the fish and then he made land and then he made trees and then he you know he's building an environment and once he made trees and grass then he made animals that could eat trees and grass and then they lived in that environment and then and then ultimately God made man and what it was is every stage was the setup for the next stage. Every stage that God made was to create an environment so that the next stage could live in it. you know, and then he got to people and then I thought, well, what were people made to be the environment for what to live in? Right. That's right. People were, you know, God made people because he wasn't looking for a place. He wasn't building the earth for a place that fish could live and he wasn't building an earth a place where trees could live. And he wasn't building the earth so that cows could live and that deer could live. And he wasn't even really building the the earth so that a place where people could live. Building the earth so it was a place where God could live. That was the that was the finished work there, right? That's where he was going. He was creating an environment so that the house that he would live in might live there, right? Because you are the temple, right? You're the you're the tabernacle that God lives in. And you look at the you look at the at the tabernacle, right? It's a it's a big tent. And inside of that tent is um an inside of the tent. It's a it's a it's a it's a um like a sanctuary, right? And then inside of that sanctuary is an inside of the inside, right? It's another layer inside of there. And that's where God lives. So what do we have? We have a body. That's your tent on the outside. Then you have a spirit. That's the area on the inside. And you have a soul and that's down on the inside of the inside, right? And so if you read in in uh let me pull this up um in Exodus 26:14 and it says and this is God giving the destru u instructions instructions on how to assemble the tent right assemble this big big tent right and so this is the the tent covering and it says and thou shalt make a covering for the tent of ramkins skins dyed red and a covering above of badger skins. All right. So, what you have is a big tent and if you're standing on the outside of the tent, what you see is a big tent made out of badger skins, right? And you look at that and if you when I was a kid, I heard this, you know, because mom was very diligent in making sure that we read all the Bible when we were kids and I being remember being a little kid and like reading about when it says badger skins and I'm thinking like you know like the black and white badgers. I don't know did anybody read like the red wall books when they were kids, right? And think, oh the badgers, they're so cool. They're like these cool little critters that live under oak trees and they're awesome. No, that's not what it's talking about in the Bible. Those kind of badgers don't live there. What do live there are honey badgers. I don't know if anybody knows what a honeybger is. They've made a name for themselves. Honey badgers are vicious and nasty. They're in the same family as weasels, skunks, and wolverines. In fact, they are very closely related to wolverines. They're basically like a Middle Eastern African version of a wolverine. They are notorious. They will chase African main lions off of their kills. They will they're immune to snake venom, which is an interesting thought and someone might ought to preach on sometime that the the tabernacle that God chose to build his house out of was immune to to serpents. Um the these things are vicious. They stink. They spray like a skunk. They they can spray like a skunk. They stink and it doesn't wash off. And they're called honey badgers because they rip open the nest of African killer bees and eat the honey because their hide is so thick that they can't be stung. And their fur is so bristly and thick that it's almost like a defense mechanism. Other animals don't want to bite them because their fur is so stiff it pricks the roof of their mouth. They are unpleasant. They are rough. They are vicious. They are every single thing that you would think God wouldn't want. Right? Like you look at a honey badger and you think, "Wow, that is the embodiment of Satan." And God said, "Yes, that guy. That's the one that's going to make my house." And it stank. You can't wash it off, you know. And so here they have a huge this tabernacle that that God dwells in that you can smell from 100 yards. And it's just not a you think why? Well, it's because God knew who's going to live inside of people. The only thing that stinks probably worse than a honeybger is probably a people. You know, in reality, people are awful. We are, you know, at their worst. They are they are at least a honeybadger doesn't know any better you know people do people know better and we do it anyways and you know and so and you look at you look at this the way this tabernacle is built you know there's this inside of the inside this holiest of holies where God lives and you know when they built this there's a veil there to separate to partition and you know you know God was in that behind hair. And when the when the priest would go through that veil, if he had any sin in his life, any at all, he'd drop dead, right? Had to have bells on his on the hymn of his garment so that if they ever heard it stop ringing, they could drag his carcass out, right? Cuz you can't go in there unless why? Because you're entering the presence of the tree of life. And when Adam and Eve left that garden, there was a flaming sword there that said they couldn't come back to the tree of life. Humanity can't come back because if because you can't bring sin into the presence of God. If you do, you fall over dead. Which is interesting to me because the holiest of holies is the type of the human soul. Yeah. Odd. That kind of implies that the tree of life lives in your soul, doesn't it? Yeah. You know, kind of. But you know, there was a time when this tabernacle was built, there's a partition there. petition that says you can't go from your spirit down to your soul. There's a barrier. Yeah. And what happens is the badger skin, it's out in the weather and you can't control the weather and it some days it rains and then the badger skin gets wet and then then it blows wind and it blows dust everywhere and now the badger skin is muddy and then you know maybe it rains again. kind of cleans up and then it gets really hot and it gets all dry and crackly and you know it's all dried out and it's stiff cuz leather gets stiff in the sun and then and then it gets really cold and it's just it's the the skin the badger skin on the outside the flesh out here. This guy has circumstances that make him dirty or clean or whatever and he's going to go through life and he can't really do a lot about that. Your your flesh is going to get dirty, right? the spirit have a little more control over that, right? It's internal. It's not necessarily fluctuating with the weather so much, but it's only illuminated by oil and lamps. Sometimes if you don't take a good job, make it take care keeping those lamps lit and the fire burning, it gets dark and it gets smoky and you can't really see a lot and it gets unpleasant to be in your spirit. and you know maybe it gets cold the outside gets cold the it's a tent it's not got central AC um it's going to get cold or hot with the weather it's going to fluctuate now the soul that inside part that's constant there's a there's always light in that soul there's always fire in that soul it's never going to go out and so you know we look at our badger skins and we think you Why would God pick this? It's awful and wretched. And it's well, it's because God was living on the inside. People would come to the outside and go, "Wow, that badger skin is awful and it smells bad." And but God isn't on the outside. He's on the inside. And if you notice, the way it said is there was ram skin dyed red. It's a type of bloody ram skin that goes on the co on the tent first and then badger skin goes over the outside. So if you're on the outside looking in, you see ugly badger skins. If you're looking from God's perspective, all you see is bloody ram skin, right? You can look in the mirror all you want, but that's not God's perspective. You can look at your own faults and failures and say, "Oh, I'm just the worst." God doesn't see that. You know, when Samson's sitting there in the grindhouse grinding away going, "Oh, I failed. I failed. I gave up my my my covenant. I gave up my my vow." He's looking at his badger skin all day long. And he's going, "I deserve this." And if you're on the outside set, you go, "Yeah, Samson, you do." But if you're from and you know, but and then one day, you know, they drag him in front of everybody and he's feels those that covenant on the back of his head and he grabs a hold of it and he remembers his vow. And he says once more Lord and God heard it and met him on the basis of that vow. What it shows is that Samson left the covenant. God didn't. God was waiting for him as soon as he came back. Right? There's a mo because God only ever saw the covenant. He only ever saw the ramkins. You know the this is but And you know, and I I I in my um I had a one thing that impacted me a long time ago. There was a um it was a piece of basically poetry, but it's not really poetry that I heard I read a long time ago and always stuck with me. Did y'all get that PowerPoint? Um, what time is it? Yeah, it's about time to um do you It should be just two pictures. Put it up. So, it's a it's a power uh it's a this thing that I read was a um it's a bit from a book. I've never read the book. I more or less know what it's about, though. Um astronomer by the name of Carl Sean wrote this bit. Sean's kind of an atheist. I don't recommend him. But he wrote this bit of of kind of poetry and I want to get read in a minute, but create a little bit of basis for what I'm showing here. This is a picture um that Hubble Space Telescope took. I believe it was the late 90s. There was a um some scientists. They got this new satellite, super big telescope. They're looking at the stars and they see take a big picture and there's a spot on this picture where there's nothing. There's no stars at all. And they they say, "Okay, well, we could use a telescope to look at all these stars that we can see, but we want to look at that spot that there's nothing there, right? There's no nothing there." And so they zoomed this telescope in on that spot and they cranked and they they just let it expose for a very long time so that any little bit of starlight will get picked up. And on this spot that there was nothing there was that picture. Okay? Now you can't really see it from there but the vast majority at least 50% of those aren't stars. They are galaxies. Galaxies have hundreds of millions maybe billions of stars in them. There are probably more stars in that picture than you can see with your naked eye on a very clear night, right? Actually, and the mind-blowing thing about this is just how big the universe really is. Cuz you think where you can't even see anything, there's just billions of worlds out there. And God made all of this. And he made, you know, the you learn about, you know, the cosmos and stuff. You know, there are planets in our solar system where it rains diamonds. I've been like I always like the rain. I think it's really pretty. Like especially like the rainbow and you get like the sun coming through. It's really pretty. Imagine this like a a rainbow during a diamond rain shower. I mean, make anything you could imagine just not even compare. You know, there's there's mountains in the solar system that are bigger than any mountain on Earth. On Mars is a mountain that's makes Everest look like a foothill. And you, you know, I like the mountains. You these beautiful mountain vistas. And you, you know, these these are absolute beautiful paces of the cosmos. Um, and um, there's a uh, in the middle of all that. Go to the next slide. There's that guy. Anybody see that? See it? This that's spec. that is Earth. And this astronomer had this to say about it. He was he was talking about this this very photograph. He says, "Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. on it. Everything you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines. Every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, ever every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader, every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there on a mode of dust suspended in a sunbeam. But God so loved that pale blue dot. He built all the cosmos. All of that. The things that you can't even comprehend to be background for a dust moat. All of it was to be so the dust moat can look up and say, "Wow, God's good. All of it was so that the dust moat could be special. And God so loved that pale blue dot because it would be where his people lived. There aren't any people on Mars to appreciate the mountains and there aren't any people on Venus to appreciate the diamond rainstorms, but there's people on Earth to appreciate God. And God built, he so loved that little speck and he wooed over that little speck. And he spent thousands of years maybe making that little speck. And every everywhere he went, he would say, "Oh, this this little mountain here, oh, this is this is going to be this is going to be great. I'm gonna I'm gonna build I'm gonna build this mountain and then I'm gonna I'm gonna meet my my my my my servant Abraham here and this is where I'm going to I'm going to be with him and I'm going to I'm going to give him a promise for a great nation, you know, and and this this mountain over here. Oh, this is where oh the children of Abraham, they're going to be they're going to I'm going to deliver them. I'm gonna deliver them from Egypt and they're gonna come between these two mountains and they're gonna be trapped and then I'm just this giant sea in front of them and I'm gonna build this sea so I can make it part and they can cross it and they're going to be it's going to be wonderful. And he's so excited as he builds this earth as he builds he he's planning out every detail, you know, because you know that's what you do when you're building a house, right? It's you're you're thinking, "Oh, I'm going to tear this wall down. It's going to make the view so good and I'm going to plant a garden over there in the yard." And you know, you're you're pling you're making these dreams, right? God's going to live here with his family. He's gonna have this this great drama play out in this little insignificant nothing. And you know, he's he's got, you know, Mount Si and he's got Mount Carmel where there's going to be a big thing. And you know, he's, you know, he's got every single thing set up. Then the end of all of it, he's got, you know, Mount Everest and he's got the, you know, the I particularly like the Rocky Mountains. You know, if you've been in the Hila wilderness, you know, he's going to build a big mountain and say, "That's where I'm going to give Matthew Smith the thought for this sermon because that's where I got it in the Heila." Um, you know, and and this is this is where God's planning everything out. Amen. And in the middle of all this, goes down in little spot in Israel and he goes pushes up some dirt and some rocks and makes this really ugly little mound and goes and all of that, all the beautiful views and the great seashores and the beautiful vistas and the night sky is all window dressing for this little ugly outcrop. It's all It's all setting up the stage for the most important little mountain on earth. It's all up to here. Cuz on this mountain, Moses will save Israel. On this mountain, Elijah will save Israel. On this mountain, we'll there'll be a great victory. On this mountain, I'm saving the world. This is the most important thing that will ever happen. And then history goes on. Humanity comes along and they didn't appreciate the little mountain. History tells us they made it the dump. They made it a trash pile where all of Jerusalem would throw their garbage. And this is like medieval garbage. It's not like modern garbage. This is like really nasty stuff. And the time came Sinai rejoiced when Sinai had its day. Mount Carmel rejoiced when Mount Carmel had its day. You know, Mount Transfiguration rejoiced when Mount Transfiguration had its day. But then Goltha's day came and Golgtha didn't rejoice because Golgtha said, "Wait, oh great creator, I thought today was a good day. We were supposed to save the world. What are you doing? What's happening? Why Why are they taking God and killing him? This wasn't what I signed up for. And I imagine, you know, as they as Christ goes up the hill and, you know, he's there on the cross and the the blood's running down and there's this event of of of atonement that you know said the the stones the earth shook, that the skies darkened and the ground shook. Why? Because the ground is crying out, screaming, "What are you doing?" Have you not recognized that the hands that you just drove nails through built the ground you're standing on? You're you're the breath that he breathed breathed life into all of your y into your lungs. He created the tree you nailed him to. You blind fools. And it's crying out saying, "What are you doing? This is is in agony because it's it's day has come and it's it's sitting there in in in filth that the world has made it filth." And then and then I imagine Satan standing there on, you know, some spire in hell looking out upon this scene saying, "Ah, yes, this is good." you know, here here we have planted a tree of death in the midst of my garden, you know, and all the sa all of Satan's angels rejoice because they've won. But I imagine the spirit of God coming down as the as the mountain is crying out broken because it had this great promise in its life from before the foundation of the world really that this was going to be the a great thing would happen here. And yet it was covered in garbage. And the people of Israel said, "Ah yes, we'll add some more garbage. this this no good false king, you know, and in spite of how much garbage that they piled on that mountain, when the blood of Christ ran down the cross and anointed that ground, it was the holiest place on earth. It didn't change the fact that it was a holy ground. Just because the circumstances of your history covered you in garbage doesn't change the fact that when you are anointed with the blood of God, you're the holiest thing on earth. I don't care what you've done. I don't care how just filthy or bad your skins are. God's never going to look at that ears. You're the holiest thing on earth because the blood of an innocent one has made the atonement. The only thing you have to do is accept the pardon. And it's and it's, you know, it's beyond it's beyond, you know, because it says the penalty of the sin. You're the pardon is is is excludes you from the penalty of sin. What's the penalty of sin? Death, sickness, disease, depression. You know, I once heard that um you know, really if you if you if you notice the first thing that Adam and Eve did as soon as they sinned is they became self-conscious. Yeah. They became like aware of themselves and their own wretchedness. And I I heard a psychologist talk about this. And in fact, the circuits in your brain that cause you to be self-conscious and and conscious enough for yourself, usually things like depression and well, basically every mental illness that you can name um are all defects of the circuits in your brain that make you self-conscious. Yeah. And the moment that Adam and Eve sin is the moment that mental illness happened. Yes. Because all of those circuits activate. They broke it. And I don't care. That's I've preached this before. That's all part of your flesh, right? You know, we talked about you have five spiritual senses and five natural senses. One of those spiritual senses is memory, right? This is the easy example. You have memories, right? That's a spiritual sense. That's part of your spirit, the invisible spirit you. But then you have but you can look on a you can look on a brain scan and see the memories in your physical body, right? You get hit on the head, you might not remember a whole lot. You know, people get amnesia. Well, what happened? They damaged their body and it also damaged their spirit because their spirit and their flesh, man, you're kind of the same thing. So when God made an atonement for your healing, he was not making an atonement for your cuts and bruises. He was making an atonement for that depression devil that haunts you. He's making an atonement for whatever spiritual or physical need you have from sin sickness, from addiction, from whatever. It's all under the blood. You just have to recognize that you need it. You know, I want to I want to read um uh back to that scripture I read in in Jeremiah, if I can find it. Um, I'm going to I'm going to actually call for the musicians cuz otherwise I will keep preaching. Um, and we got to we got to shut her down. Um, says, I'm going to read this from the from the NLT. um cuz the King James makes it a little bit um unclear. This is that same scripture I read in Jeremiah. I'll start at verse 9. And it says, "Israel treated it all so lightly. She thought nothing of committing adultery by worshiping idols made of wood and stone. So now the land has been polluted. But despite all this, her faithless sister Judah has never sincerely returned to me. She has only pretended to be sorry. I the Lord have spoken. Verse 11. Then the Lord said unto me, even faithless Israel is less guilty than treacherous Judah. Therefore, go and give this message to Israel. This is what the Lord says. Oh Israel, my faithless people, come home to me again, for I am merciful. I will not be angry with you forever. only acknowledge your guilt. Admit that you rebelled against the Lord your God and committed adultery against him by worshiping idols under every green tree. Confess that you refused to listen to my voice. I the Lord have spoken. And so I don't know what any one person has done. I know what I do. I know what I've done. And I know that, you know, a lot of times we have maybe it's maybe it's some physical need that you have. I don't know. I whatever it is that you've got, there's an atonement that the price for sin has been forgiven. And maybe you're you're sitting there going, "But I'm tired of being this way. I'm tired of being feeling like I need to go kill that lamb every, you know, not, you know, you're always going to have your flesh, but did you want that clean heart like David had?" You know, there was that petition between the soul and the spirit when they built that tabernacle. But on the day of Calvary, that partition was torn in half. God did that because there was no longer a flaming sword blocking you. There was now that tree of life that lives in your soul. There's no more partition. That Holy Spirit that is in the soul can now come in and fill your spirit. There's no there's nothing stopping your spirit from communing directly with that holiest of holies because there's been an atonement that you could have the the literal life of Christ living through your heart, living through you. And so maybe that's what you're looking for tonight. I don't know. Maybe maybe you're just really tired. Maybe you're just very discouraged and all you can see is a wretched stinking badger carcass. what I all I've got if I could if I could leave you with this is to say there is no matter how no matter what situation you've got there's an atonement and there's a covenant and all God sees is that is that ram skin and that you're no longer required to be chained to that thing because the price of sin has been paid, right? You're no longer subject. There is a there is an atonement. There is a there's a pardon been given. All you have to do is recognize that you need it. God never sent a sinner to hell. He only sent someone to who remained a sinner when they didn't have to be. And you ain't got to be a sinner no more. You ain't got to be sick no more because you're no longer subject to that. And so I guess as heard brother Brandham say today when he finished his sermon, I feel free now. I I guess I feel free. What What you singing? Grace. Grace. God's grace. [Music] Grace for it, Lorden and grace. Grace, God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. [Music] Praise. Praise God. Praise that will part with thee. Praise. Praise God. God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. Before I turn to the prayer service, I wanted to Lord just told me to read this last last portion. Right. I want to be sensitive to that. Um [Music] that song down from his glory. [Music] There was um brother Brandham mentions that song several times. He said it was one of his top three songs. mentions it with several other things, but he's talking about that and he's going on and talking about, you know, the Christ and how anyone who ever, you know, any Christian has to come to the foot of that cross and and whatnot. And so he says this, he says, "Every man that's ever mounted to a hill of beans in his life has been a man who trusted him. And he was the son of the living God, the incarnated Jehovah here on earth. Yes, sir. No wonder. Do we have the lyrics to down from his glory? Brother Josh, put up the first verse quick. So he says, you know, he's talking about, you know, every man that's come to the hill, you know, mounted anything come to the for that cross there. And he says, and then he then he he stops. He says and he starts quoting these lyrics says down from his glory ever living the story. My Lord and Savior came and Jesus was his name. He was born in a manger because God always picks the unlikely ugly places to his own a stranger. The God of sorrows, tears, and agony. Now I know the lyrics of that song. That's not how the words go. doesn't say the God of sorrows, tears, and agony. Brother Brandham said he was the God of sorrows, tears, and agony. He's not just God when things are going really good and you're doing really well and you're feeling on top of the world and you you felt like you had a good day and that everything went well and you didn't make a train wreck out of things. He's the God of sorrows, tears, and agony, too. He's the God when things are really, really bad. When the wheels are falling off and you don't know how to fix it. He's the God when you're at the end of the rope and the only thing at the end of the rope is a noose. And I've been there, folks. And I know he's God there, too. And I don't know what what's at the end of your rope. And you might be there, but friend, God's there, too. You just reach out and touch him and he'll find you. Amen. You never can find God. No man ever found God on his own. Only when God calls you. And friend, if you're reaching for God, it's only because God's reaching for you first. I never found God. God found me. You'll never find God, but God will find you. You just open your heart and say, "Lord, I need you right now." Lord, it's that amazing grace. It's amazing cuz it don't make no sense. It's amazing cuz you didn't think that it was for you. I want to Oh, I'm I'm going to have to keep going. I can't stop now. Um there's a story with brother Brandham Tales of an old man who was walking down the side of the road and um a young couple who was you know carrying on probably drunk driver and whatever hit him and he's just a pedestrian and they they just ran him over and um he's in the hospital. He's all mashed up. I mean, just broke like every bone in his body. And he's just, you know, they he's sitting in the ER and the and the doctors the doctors are looking at him going, "Oh, they I mean, he's they thought he was in a coma, right? And he's just just not moving, just kind of sitting there unconscious and they're going and the doctors are all standing around going, "Ah, man. What do we do with this guy?" I mean, he's pretty much unsavable at this point. And he's just a bum. He just goes around talking to people. He's not anything. He ain't got no money. We could put a bunch of time in trying to fix him, but he can't pay for nothing. And there's a bunch of people out in that emergency room. We could spend hours trying to fix this guy and he's still going to die. We We should, you know, we should He's not really worth nothing. Let's go spend our time on these other people who are worth something. And so, Brother Brandon picks up the story there and he says, "And the old fellow doesn't have very much longer to live and we got others waiting out here. I just don't believe it's worthwhile to do it. Let's just lay him back and it won't be too long till he'll be gone anyhow. But the old man wasn't as dead as they thought he was. He turned himself over, said, "Gentlemen, I've heard every word you said." He said, "I'm worth something." He said, "I'm worth so much till God gave his only begotten son that I would be saved." And he said, "I received that message some 50 years ago, and as passing tracks on the street, I walk from place to place trying to preach the gospel." He said, 'I'm worth something or God would have never saved me. Sure, huh? Is Brother Brandham, "Sure you are. Angels of God are here. I don't care what you've done. Though your sins be as scarlet, they'll be white like wool. Though they be red like crimson, they shall be white like snow." Amen. Let's hold a conference, each one where you're at. Yes. And ask God, "Oh Lord, am I worth anything? I'm just a housewife. I'm just a farmer. I work at a filling station. I don't care what you do. But you see, Lord, I've been evil. I've made three or four shows and fell. I don't care what you've done. Let's hold a conference. Though your trials has failed, though your intellectuals has passed away, God's got a burning bush right by every seat here tonight. He's got an angel that can set your heart on fire. Come, let us reason together. Let's start here from 11th Street in Garfield. Let's start right here in Bethl Tabernacle. Let's start, you Christians. Let's let us hold us a conference. Let's hold a conference. Lord, my life will soon be over. Jesus will soon come. And friend, I don't know how many times you might have started. I don't care how maybe you've been a on the outside had your really nice fig leaves and look like a good Christian for 35 years. I don't know. And maybe you just need a conference with God. But there's an angel by every seat ready to take your request to God right now. Doesn't matter what you look like. It's never mattered. It's not about you. It's about God. Amen. All right. Now I'm free. Let's uh let's um [Applause] there's anyone here who wants prayer. You don't necessarily have to come forward. If you got the faith in your heart to accept the message where you're sitting, you can have it. It's for you. But if it would help your faith, whatever would whatever need you would have need of. If you want to come forward and have prayer, God will meet you here. I've seen it too many times. I've been there. I know God will meet you if you're looking for him because he's looking for you already. So you you think about it. We'll sing the song. And if you want to accept the message right where you're standing, you do it. If you want prayer, I'll pray with you till you come through. Grace, grace, God's grace. Praise that part and cleanse with him. Praise [Music] God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] and cleanse with praise. [Music] God's grace, grace that is greater than all my sins. Well, he became me so that I might become him by grace. [Music] Oh, he became me. So am I. Thank you, Lord. We come here by grace. Let's raise our hands now and sing it. Well, he took my place so that I through his love could take it. Oh, he became. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. become thy grace. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound. Did it save you that same a [Music] like me [Music] I once was but now thank God I'm f I was alive. [Music] [Applause] I see. Sing that again now. Amazing grace. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet that sound. Oh, let's sing. Thank you, Lord. I need [Music] [Applause] [Music] I [Music] was now I [Music] Can we sing praise God? Oh, praise God. Praise God. [Applause] Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Yes, Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. All through me. me danger toils and snares. Well, I have already become. [Music] It was grace that brought me safe. This far it will be grace that will lead me home. Oh my [Music] grace, how sweet all that s [Music] like me. I once was yours, but now I found was mine. But now I see. [Music] Sing that song. I love him because he first loved me. I love you, Lord. And I'll lift my voice down. I love you, Lord. You want to raise a hand and tell him, "And I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king. Take joy my in what you hear in what you hear. and make me a sweet sweet son in glory. Oh, I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Just tell him that now. And I lay my voice to worship all you. Yes, Lord. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king. Yes Lord in a while you he may be a sweet sweet [Music] in your [Music] there is none like you. Oh, no one else and no one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find. There is none like you. There is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. For no one else can do the things that you do. [Applause] And I can search for all eternity, Lord. and find there is none like you. There is none like you, Lord Jesus. [Applause] No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I can search. I can search for all the Lord and find there is none. Come on, let's gather. I'm going to read these requests as you come. Just keep playing that for me. Let's gather to the front. Brother Brad Y writes in. Just play that softly if you could for me. Brother Brad Y writes, um, "Please pray for Brother Darren and Sister Rebecca Kinszer. They've been in a custody battle for two and a half years over a little girl that they started fostering when she was three. The father lives in Louisiana. Sister Rebecca uh has been having to fly back and forth between Virginia and Louisiana for several months. This is brother Darren Kzer. See pastor brother brother Brad. That's what I thought. Knew I'd heard that name. The father's rights uh were terminated last March, but he appealed and the state stepped in waiting wanting him to have custody. This has been extremely hard on the family uh the family's mentality and phys physically and mentally. The court date is tomorrow. They will know in two days who gets custody. We want to remember our brother Darren, sister Rebecca Kendzer. Sister Wanda writes, "I've been fighting a sickness again, headache and a sore throat." We want to remember our sister Wanda. Uh brother Tony also is here, but Sister Amber's not. She's at home. Her back went out. She's in a lot of back pain. And so we want to just remember her. Amen. Tonight I don't see any other needs. Maybe you have something upon your heart. Do you appreciate the message tonight? And you just love that. Aren't you glad for a part? My goodness. I think that was just a masterpiece. Brother Matthew thought of brother Brandon told that story so much of u I think the Arthur McCoy I think that's is the man's name brother Brandon gives. And he tells that story about the brother about Arthur coming before the great white throne or not or the gate. And he said he had a dream. He came before the gate. And he said he they wouldn't let him in. And he said, "Well, I'm I'm Arthur McCoy. I was a I was an evangelist. I was a preacher." And he said, "Well, we're looking here on the book and you know, we don't see we don't see your name." He said, "Well, there must be some kind of mistake. I'm a preacher. I was a evangelist." He said, "Well, Arthur McCoy, we don't we don't we don't we don't have your name here." And he says, "Well, what can I do?" And he says, "Well, you can appeal your case." And he says, "You mean before the white throne judgment?" And he said, "Yes, sir. That's right." He says, "Oh, Lord, I don't want to go there, but if that's my only hope." And brother Brandham said he goes through that dream. He starts gets dark and then it gets light. And he said, "And all of a sudden, there he is." And he said he stood there and brother Brandham said the voice rang out and said, "Who stands before my my throne?" And Arthur stood up spoke up and said, "Arthur McCoy." And he said, "Arthur McCoy?" He said, "Are you here because your name wasn't found in the book?" He said, "Yes, sir. That's right." He said, "But I was a I was a preacher." And he says, "Well, are you here to appeal your case?" He said, "Yes, sir. I'm here to appeal my case." And he said, 'Well, then you'll be judged according to my law.' Arthur Mcola, have you ever told a lie? Brother Brandham said, Arthur says, "Well, you know, I thought I'd been a good, honest guy." And he says, "But in the presence of that light, I was a sinner." Brother Brandham says, "And all of us in that light are sinners." Lose all pride, all dignity. We're all the same. Brother Brandham says in that great light, he says, 'You know, have you ever told a lie? And Brother Arthur says, 'Well, he says, you know, he said, there was those little white lies I told. And he said, but you know, in the presence of that lie, he said, those little lies were big lies. And and brother Brandham says, "That's real conviction." He think you're convicted when the preaching of the word comes. Brother Brandham says, "You wait till you get under that that light and that white throne judgment. Did you ever steal, Arthur McCoy?" And he says, "You know, I thought I'd been pretty straight." He says, "But then I realized there were some Dillings maybe I did that weren't exactly honest." He said, "Yes, sir." He said, "I've stolen." He said, "You've lied. You've stolen." And he said, "The voice said, "Then depart from me." And to and he said he was going to say into everlasting flames. He said, "And at that moment," he said, "I heard a voice, the sweetest voice I've ever heard." And he said, "I turned and looked and seen the sweetest face I've ever seen, sweeter than a mother's face, and it was the Lord Jesus." And he said, "Father, it's true. He's told a lie. He's lied. He's stolen. But on earth, he stood for me." And he said, "So now I want to take his place and stand for him." And brother Man says, "Oh, don't you want to say that today? Take my place, Lord. In the presence of that light, that kind of preaching, Lord, I realize I'm guilty, God, but let let the lamb give me my pardon and take my place." Amen. Appreciate that word. Praise the Lord. Maybe you have an unspoken request, something you didn't get a chance to write down. You just wanted Brother Luther. There's another one. Oh, she sent it to me. I'm sorry. Let me see here. Prayer for myself for normal blood pressure. That's from Sister Elizabeth Johnson. We want to remember. Amen. Our sister. Why don't you put your hand over on that one beside you, brother Matthew? come and lead us for these needs. Here we got the notes. Yeah, it's going to die here in a second. Text. Yes, sir. And he killed someone. You said a brother down in Florida. Yeah. Had been in a car accident. Yeah. And he been in a car accident. Yeah. and they had a trial and he's didn't have a driver's license. So, they thinking about deporting him. One of the brothers, you know, going back to work, different things. Okay, you got that. All right, let's pray. Okay, let's all um let's bow our hearts for the throne. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, great father, oh great King, great God, and holy Lord, we're coming before your throne, Father, with our hearts in our hands, Lord, to throw ourselves upon your mercy. Yes, that pardon was an act of grace. Lord, we're coming on behalf of our friends and our family and the body of Christ. Lord, we have this this family, this this Kinszer family torn apart by a court system. this little girl. [Music] Lord, you know that it's your in your word that she should be raised in a godly home. So Lord, we're asking that this situation that you would be with them, you'd be with this little girl, that you'd be with this family, that you would be with the Kensers. For Father, we know you make ways where there are no ways. Lord Jesus, you are the way maker. You are the everpresent help in all times of trouble, whatever it may be. You are the returner of children. So, Father, we're asking that you would be with this situation. Lord, for our sister Wanda, with this headache and sore throat, Lord, your Bible says, "By your stripes, we were healed." Actually, it says we are healed. We are healed right now. We were healed when that lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. and Father, that this lying vanity, it's a lie because it says that we're not healed. It's a contradiction to the word of God that says that we are. And so, Lord, we're bringing this case before your throne and we're asking for an enforcement upon this that your law could be enforced for you gave the promise of enforcement that your angels would come down and enforce this this healing in our sister's life, Lord. for our sister Amber. Here she is with her with her back out. A lot of pain. Lord, those stripes on your back. Yes, you felt that pain on your back and you know. [Music] So, father for the you can enter into the suff the feeling of that infirmity and we can enter into the feeling of that infirmity and I've been there and I can I can speak on my sister's behalf and say that Lord if you granted me healing you must grant my sister healing too so our sister sister Amber can lay claim to her healing and father this situation for our our our uh sister Johnson. Lord, I I I don't have it before me, Lord, but Lord, you know the situation for her blood pressure. Lord, you are the fixer of hearts. You can heal the broken heart. Whatever would be the impediment, Lord, that it would it would resolve itself. We we we don't need to accept this. You give healing. You touch the brokenhearted. And so we're asking, Father, that you would come down and send your send your angel down, Father, and and and evict this devil that would that would attack our sister. Oh, Father, for this this situation with this man, Lord, one of your children in in a bad situation who made a mistake, someone's someone's been killed because of it. So Lord, the authorities would be moving in to maybe send him away and the hardship for his family and the there would be accusations going this way and that way. But Lord, you know the heart. You know what would be best for him. You know the situation. And Lord, we ask that you would be with him in the everpresent help in this time of trouble. That you would be there when there would seem to be no way. when there would be nothing but darkness. Lord, I was hearing your prophet just today speaking about how people at their darkest hour in their darkest moment that when Georgie Carter was in her darkest moment that she had prayed and was but 30 something pounds skin and bones had been praying for eight years and in her darkest moment. Yes. and at the end of her rope. And then Jesus came. How Lazarus had gotten sick. How was their darkest hour? How his sisters, they had no family. That he was going to school to become something. And that the sisters only had maybe to sell some needle work to get by. And then Lazarus got sick. And they called for Jesus. So they said, "Jesus, come down and heal our heal our brother. Heal him. You know, we know you can do it. You've healed the sick so many times." But Jesus didn't come and Lazarus died. And they'd been excommunicated from their church. There was no safety net for them. No social safety net for them. The church threw them out. And there they were sitting in their living room mourning their dead brother and all their former church members laughing at him and saying, "Where's your God now?" And then Jesus came and though it was their darkest hour, then Jesus came. Hallelujah. So, Father, this situation in our darkest hours, oh Father, we know you always come. And though these this brother may be in his darkest hour, Lord, we're asking that you would come. Oh, Father, be with us. Be with the people, Lord, as they would go about their days. That they would walk in your presence. That they would have an open heart to you. That should when they would they would have a longing for you, Lord. that you would live with them, to dwell with them, that whatever would whatever would come against them, Father, that they would have the faith to know that you are with them and that you will you will bring them through it, Lord. They would be encouraged and not be discouraged by whatever they may see. Oh, Father, be with us all. We ask these things in your holy and precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. We don't We're past time here tonight, but if there would be a burning testimony, if not, I'd ask you to wait, but there's there burning one. Somebody going once. All right. Well, praise the Lord. We're at 9:30. We're going to let you be dismissed. You appreciate the word. Don't you just love the presence of the Lord? Brother Don, Sister Mary Hoffman, so good to see you. Sister Amy's parents didn't see you there at the beginning, but so good to have you all. Pray that the Lord really blesses your time here. Amen. Turn on and shake somebody's hand. Greet them in Christian greeting. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord. We're going to let you be dismissed. keep us in prayer this weekend.
