################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-26 - (Sunday School) 230226 - Joe Howdeshell: Faith Is The Victory - Joe Howdeshell - Joe Howdeshell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-26
Title:   (Sunday School) 230226 - Joe Howdeshell: Faith Is The Victory - Joe Howdeshell
Speaker: Joe Howdeshell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIOYxub5BQc
========================================

Um, if you have your Bibles, let's turn to Hebrews 11, the first chapter. You You can stand with me if you'd like. Thank God for his goodness. We're going to talk about faith this morning. And the greatest chapter about faith is Hebrews 11, the faith the faith chapter. We're just going to read the first verse. Many of you can quote it by heart, I'm sure. Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for the reading of your word. We thank you, Lord, for allowing us to be here this morning, gathered together, Lord, just to be able to come into the house of God and just to lay down all of our burdens, Lord, all the cares from the past week, the days leading up to this day, Lord. May we just concentrate upon you. May you, Lord, you take our time, Lord. This offering that we have, Lord, there's not much, dear God. But we give all we can, Lord, to thee, Father, this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You can be seated. You know, the Lord certainly doesn't ask much of us, does he? He just he just wants us to trust him and be faithful. Faithful and true. Now, we want to talk about faith a little bit this morning. And and so it says it's the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. Now sometimes you might say, well, what does that even mean? But it is a substance and it's a it's an evidence. And brother Brandham would describe faith many times as when a hungry man receives money, he has received the he's just as happy as if he would get the get the food in his in his stomach. Yeah. Amen. I remember watching a program called Alone and and so the man is is there and and they have to see how long they can survive in the wilderness by themselves. And the person who makes it the longest wins like a half a million dollars, $600,000 or something like that. So the whole time he's trying to fish for himself. He's trying to hunt for himself. He's doing everything he can with the anticipation and the hope of maybe he's going to outlast everybody else. And at the end of the when the last person finally taps out or what they call tapping out and he's the last one then they'll come and they'll tell him you're the last one. you've won. And I've watched that program many times and when they tell them that they've won, they've gone through the trial, they've gone through the battle, they're weak, they're many times they've been injured, they're hungry, they're starving, they've lost 40, 50, 60 pounds. But yet, as soon as they tell them you've won, you ought to see the greatest joy that's ever come over them. Amen. Even though they're still weak, they're still hungry, they haven't seen the half a million dollars, but just hearing the good news, you've won. It's the same thing as them having it in in their hand. And that's exactly what faith is. It's God is telling us, you've won. You didn't have to do all this thing. I've done it for you. And so and and and they'll the whole way they're riding the boat back and and it might be days before they get to see their loved one, but they know, hey, I've been out here for 6 months or three months. I can see my wife again. I can see my children again. And they've got that joy and that peace and that happiness knowing from the news that was told them from a film crew. How much more should we this morning be expecting and be thanking God for the news that he's given us? Oh, I've got good news for you this this morning. It's better than a half a million dollars. I can tell you that. Cuz somebody might steal it from you. With inflation, it's probably worth about a half of that now. And and so, you know, but thank God that we've got a promise. Amen. Amen. Now, so faith is a substance. So that's the thing. That's what it's talking about. It's the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. even though he didn't see the money yet. He hasn't had one bite of food yet, but he's just as happy. And that's just like you and I. Now, let's go down to the uh verse 6. Hebrews 6 uh I'm sorry, Hebrews 11 uh verse 6. Now, but without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Now, it this is something that's so important. We have to have faith. It it's it's the most important thing you can have. You have to have faith before you can even be saved. You have to have faith to receive the Holy Ghost. You have to have faith to believe the word that's been spoken to you in this day. If it's that important, then we need to see how can we get more faith. How how can I increase my faith, Lord? Now, in Matthew 13, if you want to turn there, you don't have to stand. Matthew 13:58, it's talking about Jesus when he went through and and he was in Nazareth and it was in his hometown and he and he's already had healing revivals and people have known about him, but yet because of their unbelief, the Bible says, "And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief." Well, that's not it. But Hebrews, I'm I'm sorry, Matthew 13:58. and he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief. That's the only thing that can hinder the work of God. Yeah. Is unbelief. So we need to get rid of all the unbelief. Now how do we do that? How do we get rid of the unbelief? Now what we have to do of course we know how do you get faith? Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word. Now, um, let's go down to I'm going to say slide not slide there. Um, let let's go down to where it says it's um looking at the unseen uh it's uh number 76 there. There it is. I'm told by the aviators who fly there hear real fast jet planes and they say that the plane getting up to a certain speed that it vibrates and it shakes and it seems like that the bolts are going to fly out of it that the wings are going to come off until they pass the sound barrier. But after they once passed that sound barrier they say the plane just sails out just in ease when it passes the sound barrier. That's the obstacle that's in the way of the plane. When it passes its own sound, then it runs at ease. Now, I'm going to read the next one here in just a second. But, Brother Brandham, he typed that as receiving the Holy Ghost. He typed that as getting through the battles of this world. And and so, what is that sound? It's the uncertain sounds that we hear all the time. It's the uncertain it's it's the sound. It's the words of the devil telling you, "Well, you're not worthy." It's the words of the devil saying, "Well, that's for somebody else. That's for brother Adam or that's for brother Caleb. Right? Did I say it right? Josh or Caleb? I can't ever get you right. I think I said it right the first time, didn't I? Or for brother Josiah. Maybe that's for somebody else, but it's not for me. See, and that's the devil talking to you because every promise in the book is whose? Mine. It's my promise. It was given to me. So now when those people come to that guy and said, "You've won a half a million dollars." And on the boat ride back off that island or wherever he's at, somebody's saying, "You're really not going to get it. I don't know what they've told you, but oh no, they've done told me. I've seen the contract. I know it's written. I'm going to get that money. It's as good as mine. Oh, no. Don't ever think that." See, that's just the devil telling you that. He's telling you you're you're not worthy enough. And you're not. None of us are. If you try to get that on your own worthiness, brother, you're a miserable failure just like I am. Like brother Jason was talking about, I'm an unprofitable servant. Well, thank God because God doesn't need my profit. He doesn't need anything that I can do except for believe what he's already done. That's all we have to do. It seems so simple, but yet it's so hard. Because what can hinder faith? Unbelief. Doubt, unbelief, all these things come in so many different manifestations. Yes, sir. One thing is is maybe the way you were raised. Maybe you didn't have a father or maybe you didn't have you couldn't rely on people and just kind of you're an untrusting person. Maybe you had you've had a lot of heartaches and failures in your life. Maybe somebody hurt you. So all these things can play in to why it's so hard sometimes to believe. And and we can't we can't look at politics. You can't look at the politicians. You can't believe the things that they do. And science changes every few years. So you've put all your eggs in that basket. Well, guess what? It's going to get turned over. So the only sure thing in this world is God's word. But that's the very thing the devil tries to get you away from. If he if he can't get you to just outright disbelieve it, which he will, but if he can't get you to do that, then he'll get you so busy that you don't have time to read it. You don't have time to listen to the tapes. You don't have time to study God's word. You don't have time because we're so caught up in just making a living. He'll he'll do everything he can to to to take your time and to take you away from the things you need to be doing. He'll take you away from fellowship. He'll do everything he can to stop you from increasing your faith. That's good. Amen. I read a quote. I may have read it here before, but brother Brandon was in a prayer line and maybe you haven't heard it, maybe you have. And he was praying for a woman and he and he saw it as a black streak and it went from that woman to another woman as demons crying out to one another. I know you've heard him say that many times. And he could see in into the unseen. See, he could see into the realms that you and I have five senses. But he was in tune very keenly with that six sense. He was in tune also with the supernatural realm that he could that he could see. He was like a an eagle. He was carried way up high and he could look a long ways off like a spy in in the military or so. So they say. But anyhow, he saw the demons and he said, "Oh," he said, "Those demons are crying out to one another. They're trying to accumulate unbelief." See, they knew the power of getting together. They knew the power of of coming together and bringing their little licks of darkness together. And they know that if they can accumulate unbelief that the works of God can't be done. For right here in Matthew 13:58 that because of their unbelief, it hindered the very work of the Lord Jesus when he was here on the earth. Amen. And and so if the devil can do the same thing to you and I, how much greater what's greater darkness or or light? The light. What's what's greater? The sin or the savior? What's greater? The sickness or the healer? See, so if we get together, if we take a lesson from what the devils are telling us, that if unbelief can hinder the work of God, HOW MUCH MORE CAN FAITH BRING ABOUT THE PROMISES of God this morning? We've got to get together with one another of like precious faith. Don't never say nothing negative to one another. Always let your testimony be positive. Oh, how many times do we hear brother Brandham talk about that faith? It's your what is it? It's your testimony. It is a victory that the devil will rob you of every time. If he can't get you, he can't disarm you. But like brother Elijah was talking about, if he can get you to discredit the weapon that God has given you, you'll lay it down and never use it. BUT GOD HAS GIVEN us a weapon this morning. He's given us faith. He's given us the Holy Ghost. And he's given us power over every unclean spirit in our life in whatever whatever avenue that we have to face the devil. Amen. Is this a Sunday school lesson or is this a preaching? I'm sorry. But Revelations 218, it says that the fearful and the unbelieving Can you turn there, brother? I don't know if you have that up there or not. Yes. Revelations 218. Let's see if we can go there. That's easy. It's the last book of the Bible. When you get to the maps and the concordance in the dictionary, just keep on going till you get to the next one. 218. When I was a kid, I used to sit there and look at the maps. Supposed to be listening to the preacher, but I'd be looking at the maps in the Bible. I guess I heard a little bit of what was going on. Revelations 2:18, but the fearful, let's let's back up to verse 7. He that overcomemeth shall inherit all things. Okay? And I will be his God, and he shall be my son. But the fearful and unbelieving and the abominable, murderers, and whoreongers, sorcerers, idolattors, and all liars shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire. Now, there's a difference in this fearful and the fearful that's speaking about in Hebrews 7 11:7. Let's go back there. By faith, Noah being warned of God of things not seen as yet moved with fear. Okay? Now, he had a fear, but his fear was different. See, it was different than the fearful talking about in Revelations, cuz he had a fear, an awesome respect and an awesome reverence and an awesome obedience to God. See, this fear was different. The fear in revelations was the fearful of not taking God at his word, not believing what he had to tell you. Brother Brandham t that is when they went up and they were looking over Canaan. And there were 12 spies that went over and they came back and I heard one old preacher say 12 came back with or 10 came back with the gripes, but only two came back with the grapes. See, all they could see was the was the was the negative of what was there. OH, THERE'S GIANTS. THERE'S WALLED CITIES. WE CAN'T TAKE IT. But Joshua and Caleb, I think there's two of them here this morning WHO SAID, "WE'RE MORE THAN ABLE TO TAKE the land." See, they knew. They had seen the work of God. THEY HAD SEEN WHAT GOD HAD already done in their life. Oh, they were brought out by a miraculous hand out of out of slavery and bondage and led to a land flowing with milk and honey. Hallelujah. Amen. Everywhere the soul of your feet lands is yours. All you got to do is just go and possess it. But they were fearful. No, no, we can't do it. Let's go back. We want to go back to the flesh pots. We want to go back to the leaks and the onions and the go. Oh, and and slavery, too. But but we'll leave that aside. But we want all the No. See, afraid to take God at his word. That's the fearful and the unbelieving are lumped in with the adulterers and the whoreongers and all those. So we must must must have faith this morning. Amen. Silence all voices to the contrary. That's right. Believe his word. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Now, what's the worst thing that can happen if you trust God? Many times, Brother Brandon would go and he pray for people and the and the doctors WOULD SAY, "OH, YOU'RE GIVING THEM A FALSE HOPE." HE SAID, "WELL, I'M GIVING THEM HOPE. YOU'RE GIVING THEM NO HOPE. You're saying there's no hope for you. You're going to die. But I'm giving them a a hope in Christ. Now, uh, scroll up, brother. Go to the PowerPoint and I want to read you what he said. Um, keep going. Well, I tell you what, go back down to that next one there. No, no, the 78 where it says 77. I'm I'm sorry. 76 and 77. [snorts] There it is. Oh, if the church of this day could ever pray till they pass the sin barrier and the unbelief barrier. Now, he's talking about that sound barrier. Oh, I don't want to hear the sound of the devil. I don't want to hear no rock music, no rap music, none of that hip-hop garbage. What I want TO DO IS PASS ALL THESE SOUND BARRIERS and all these uncertain sounds. Listen to that voice this morning. They could shout the victory of a living God once they pass that barrier by looking to the unseen. But we've got to go look. Says right here, the first ch first sentence. Oh, if the church of this day could ever pray till they pass the sin barrier. Oh, the devil, he'll get you to where you don't want to pray as much anymore. What about sweet hour of prayer turned into let's just have a little talk with Jesus, right? Used to be sweet hour prayer. They talked about the allnight prayer meetings, William Seymour and uh Evan Roberts during the Welch revival and William Seymour during the Isuza revival and outpouring of God and the Holy Spirit on the church. But when they once passed that barrier by looking to the unseen and letting the WORLD VIBRATE AND DO WHAT IT WANTS TO DO, DOESN'T MATTER what they're saying out there. Doesn't matter about the saber rattling in Ukraine, in Russia, all the politics. Let it do what it's going to do. Let it do what it wants to do. But there's a living God. And when we lose our disbelief and our unbelief in him and pass that place that the world is saying the days of miracles has passed, it makes you shake. Oh, there's no such thing as a baptism of the Holy Ghost. It makes you wonder going to the next one. But if you'll just look at the unseen to the God who promised it for the promise is unto you and your children. Oh my. It's not just for back in 1965. Oh, they say brother Brandon was the only one that had the Holy Ghost. Oh my. He had the Holy Ghost. But I tell you one thing, you won't find a quote nowhere where he ever said it ceased with the apostles. IT CEASED WHEN I GO off the scene. My goodness. But the promise is unto you and to your children and your children's children. Them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. Hallelujah. Now, if you'll look to the blessed word that says Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, turn your heads toward that and press on until you pass that vibration, past the unbelief barriers and the sin barriers and all THE BARRIERS THAT SEEMS to hinder you. You'll fly free in the faith of God, knowing that all things are possible. Then there's no limit. They say hardly to the speed of the plane will go. If there's no limit to the speed the plane will go, there's no limits to the blessings that God will pour down upon a believer that will believe. The scripture claims him to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh my, what a promise. What a blessing TO US. WE'VE JUST GOT TO PUSH PAST THE SIN BARRIER in our life. No matter what it is, when you get up in THE MORNING, DON'T GRAB YOUR phone and look at what so and SO SAID. DON'T TURN ON THE TV OR turn on the music, why don't you just roll over and say JUST BEFORE YOU EVEN GET OUT OF THE BED in the morning, say, "Oh, God, thank you. Thank you for waking me up. Thank you for your blessings. Thank you, God, for saving me. Thank you FOR HEALING ME. THANK YOU FOR GIVING ME THE HOLY GHOST." AMEN. START CONFESSING IT. START SAYING IT. AND GOD WILL BRING IT TO PASS. Thank you, God, for saving my children. Thank you, GOD, FOR SAVING my brother, my lost brother that's out in sin. THANK YOU FOR SAVING MY SISTER. THANK YOU FOR DELIVERING them of alcoholism or drugs OR PORNOGRAPHY OR WHATEVER IT IS THEY'RE CAUGHT UP in in this day. Start thanking him before you even get out of bed in the morning. Say, "Oh, God." And watch the blessings come down. Oh, praises go up, blessings come down. You believe that this morning? Just pray and seek after him. Hallelujah. But what's the worst thing that can happen in trusting God? going up, brother. He's talking about if I prayed for 10,000 people, it's it's before that one. Maybe I can find it on here. But he said this here. He said, "If I prayed for 10,000 people, how could Let's see. Here it is. Let's see. If the whole world doubted, it's one that's got the two the two bullets on it right there. If the whole world doubted it, I would still believe it with all my heart. If I would pray for 10,000 people overseas or here and all 10,000 would die in a moment after I prayed for them, I'd still say divine healing was right. Amen. Amen. It's the word of God. Now listen to this. And if I preached to 10,000 and they all died and they were dead for 20 years, listen to this. They were dead for 20 years and returned back and said, "There's no Jesus. There's no such thing as God. There is no eternity." And Jesus wasn't the son of God. And I was dying. I'd say, "Let me go in him. I take my bark." No matter what anyone else would say, I believe him with all my heart. Oh, silence all voices. He said, even if they came back from the dead and told you there was no God, I'm still going to believe him. Doesn't make any difference. If you pray for 10,000 people and they all died, I'm still going to say God's a healer. We were invited one time to go to a little church, I'm not going to name the name of the denomination, but they don't believe. Well, I'll just say this part here first. There was a little boy in that church. He had a brain tumor and we got to know them and they like for us to sing and and he said, "I want you to come and sing for my son in the church and I want them to hear you." And he had a huge church. He had to have two services on Sunday morning just to get them all in. He had one at nine, I believe, and one at 10 or 10 or 11. And so we got up and we sung, "He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. Oh my, he's the healer of men. So true." And we sung that and and oh my, we we went sit down and the preacher got up and I'll never forget it. He said, "Don't don't you think for one second that divine healing was under the atonement." I said, "Oh my goodness." And I'm sitting there and I'm listening to what he's saying and I it this comes back to me in Hebrews 11:7. By faith Noah being warned of God of things not yet not seen as yet moved the fear prepared an arc to the saving of his house by the which he condemned the world. Let me tell you something. When you believe God and you take God at what he says your faith will condemn this world one day he'll GOD WILL SAY I HAD SOMEBODY WHO BELIEVED ME. I HAD SOMEBODY WHO TOOK ME AT HIS WORD. Noah took God at his word and it condemned the world. Amen. One day our testimony is going to stand in judgment. One day our TESTIMONY OF FAITH WILL CONDEMN this world WHEN THEY'VE HAD THE SAME OPPORTUNITY TO BELIEVE. I've got five more minutes. Amen. Amen. They'll say you're foolish and they say that divine healing is not in the atonement. Oh my. Well, just let him say it. If the if the whole world doubt it. Now, this is what brother Brandham said here on the one says 93. It's the one down from the audience. Keep yourself shut in. I think he just had prayer. He had them lay their hands on one another. Keep yourself shut in just a few moments with God. I want to ask you now as you move your hands back from one another and say, "I believe and I take him right now as my healer. And no matter what Satan ever tries to tell me, I'm going to believe that God makes me well. No matter what Satan ever, now I'm going to add this. No matter what Satan ever tries to tell me, I believe I'm one of them. No matter what Satan ever tries to tell me, I believe that my sins are under the blood. Oh, let me tell you something, brothers and sisters. They're not just covered. They're not just forgotten about. Brother Brandham said that when that little drop of ink falls in that tub of bleach, it goes back TO THE VERY ELEMENTS WHERE IT COME FROM. EVEN BACK ONTO THE VERY HEAD OF SATAN. IT'S GONE. IT CAN'T EVEN be found anymore. Amen. It's beyond finding. God has no more RECORD OF IT. SATAN'S GOT A record of everything you've done. He keeps a record. He keeps a record of all your failures, all your sins, all your mistakes. But let me tell you something. God has no record of that this morning. If you've said, "Oh God, no good in me, but I take I take that precious blood that was shed for me at Calvary. Oh God, let it cover my sins this morning. You promised, oh God, and I believe your word. I believe you. Don't matter what the devil tries to bring up. Let me tell you something. God's got a record book, too. And this record book is the record of the redeemed. It's your name is written down when you believe it this morning. God's got a record book. Amen. The devil's got one, too. I don't care about his record book. He can take it and go on somewhere with it cuz he's a liar and he's a father of lies. Amen. But what's the worst thing that'll happen if you believe God? If you say, "I trust him with all of my heart. I trust him with my life. I trust him with my family. I believe I'm healed." It don't matter if the doctor says you're dying of cancer. It don't matter if the doctor says you've got heart trouble. It don't matter. It's like somebody pulling up to your house. Brother Donnie preached this. We don't want no snakes. I don't want no snakes either. But he preached this message. He said, "It's like a a FedEx truck pulling up to your house and knocking on the door. I've got a package for you. You need a sign for it." Oh, and and he got a box here and you can hear them rattling in there and a HISSING AND IT'S RATTLESNAKES. I DON'T WANT THOSE RATTLESNAKES. WELL, they're yours. I've got a sign, Docy. It says right right here from the very pits of hell be elabub. Uh, care of you. Oh, no, it ain't mine. I don't want that box of rattlesnakes. You just you just take it on back. I CAN'T TAKE IT BACK. WELL, I TELL YOU WHAT YOU DO. YOU LEAVE IT RIGHT HERE ON the doorstep then CUZ I AIN'T BRINGING IN my house. YOU MIGHT WALK OUT EVERY day and as you're going to work and YOU HAVE TO DO THIS RIGHT HERE GETTING BY. You might hear them rattling. That might be the symptoms IN YOUR BODY. YOU MIGHT HAVE PAIN. YOU MIGHT THE DOCTOR MIGHT TELL YOU EVERY DAY. YOU MIGHT GET A REPORT. OH, YOU'RE DYING. You're dying. The devil. YOU WAKE UP IN THE MORNING. I GOT I'M HURTING. OH, SOME rattlesnakes outside. BUT I'M NOT ACCEPTING IT. I'm not SIGNING FOR IT. IT'S THE DEVIL CAN TAKE HIM RIGHT ON BACK TO HELL WHERE HE BROUGHT HIM from and you just keep on I'm not bringing them to my house. I'm not signing for it. You can say, "Well, you're living in denial." Let me tell you something. That's what the That's what the world says today. IF YOU BELIEVE GOD, you're living in denial. I'll live in denial. Let me live in denial. I'll stay there. I deny everything the devil tries to give me. I deny THE SIN. I DENY the unbelief. I DENY THE DOUBT. I DENY THE SICKNESS. I deny all of it. Amen. But I believe God. How many believes him this morning? You believe him? Oh my. Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Let me just be a pep rally this MORNING TO YOU. OH, IT'S WORTH IT ALL. But what's the worst thing that can happen if even you're trusting God and you're saying, "I'm healed. I'm healed. I believe what he said. I'm healed." And you still die. What's the worst thing can happen? you still die. You You might die, but you still trust in God. Oh [laughter] my I'd rather die trusting God and and on my dying lips saying, "I'm healed. I'm saved. I'm filled WITH THE HOLY GHOST. MY FAMILY SEALED." AMEN. What a testimony. Devil might get the last He might get the last punch in. That's all right. Die with that testimony on your lips. LIVE with that testimony on your lips. Oh my my mama just passed last two weeks ago and she all the devil fought her so much. I know I got to quit. I just want to tell you this. All her life he always told her, "Well, it's for everybody else. You're not saved. You look at what you did. Look, look at the sin you've done." And and oh, it bothered her. She said, "I know." She told me at Christmas time, she said, "I just don't think I got much longer to go." And I just talked to her and she said it really helped her. I I told her that about the blood, the drop of ink in the pool of bleach and how that it's not even not even God can't even find it anymore. Oh my. If you went to [laughter] [snorts] Oh my She [snorts] said helped her so much. [snorts] Think I'd be my my handkerchief this morning for Sunday school lesson. I usually have to have when I'm preaching. She said it helped her so much.
