################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-09 - 230409 - Jason Watkins Lifting Up Christ To The World, One Last Time - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-04-09
Title:    230409 - Jason Watkins: Lifting Up Christ To The World, One Last Time
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wztCjev_3pQ
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins Ministers the Sunday Morning Service "Lifting Up Christ To The World, One Last Time " on April 09th, 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you.
#alivinggod  #branham  #messageofthehour  #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord [Music] no matter what tomorrow. Praise what it has in store. I will praise the Lord. Let us stand. Sing. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Sing. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord [Music] no matter what tomorrow. Praise what it has in store. I know I will praise the Lord. Sing and worship. Sing. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store, I will praise. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Sing again. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Let's just worship him a few minutes this morning. Lord, we thank you Lord so much. No matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Brother Brad, if you come say I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, [Music] I praise the Lord. [Music] Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you for opportunity to come back in this place one more time. Lord, celebrating of what this day really means to us, God. The resurrection of our Lord. Father, signifying what's going to happen to us one day, Father, that we're going to be resurrected from this place that we live in, Lord, to spend eternity with you. Father, we just come in this place today just to worship you. No matter what this world may throw at us, God, we're still going to worship you, Lord. We're going to praise your holy name. And that's what we're going to do today, Father. We're not going to leave you off in a corner somewhere, Lord, and with dirty feet, but we're going to water wash your feet with our tears and our praises, Lord. Father, may you be with this service, Lord. May you be with every part of it, the singing, the special singing, and most of all, anoint the minister, Father, as he brings forth the word, Lord. May you anoint our ears to receive, Father. May you be with those that streaming, Lord. Lord, you know what they have need of, Father. And those that couldn't be here, Lord. Those that's traveling, Lord. I just pray for the the that the youth camp there, Father, as they prepare to leave here in a few hours, Lord. May you continue bring them back home safe, Lord. We've seen what you've done for them last night, God, in that prayer line, Lord. May may you just continue to bless them, Father. And we place this service in your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Brings what he has in store. Lord I will praise the Lord. Everybody sing now. Sing high. [Music] I'll praise you Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Sing I praise the Lord. One more time. Sing I will praise. [Music] I will praise you, Lord. I No matter what what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I'm in the key of F. My God is awome. He can move mountains and hide me from the rain. My God is awesome. hills, strengthens. [Music] Oh, forever he will reign. My God is aweside [Music] me from the rain. My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I am weak. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. [Music] Awome. Awesome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. [Music] Say, "My God is awome today. I grace while I'm living. Sing praise his holy name. My God is awesome. [Music] Yes, he's awesome. [Applause] Oh, he's awesome. Awesome. My God is awesome. Yes, he's awesome. [Music] Awesome. He's awome. He's mighty. [Music] He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Awome. He's awome. He's holy. Say, "He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awesome. My God is awome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, and hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. strength where we can forever he will reign. My God is awome. Yes, he is awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm here. My God is awesome. Today I forgive. His graces while I'm living and praise his holy name. One more time. My God is awome. Yes, he is awesome. Oh, awesome. He's awesome. [Music] My God is awesome. Oh, he's awesome. He is awesome. He's awesome. One more time. My God is awesome. He is awesome. He's awesome. Awome. My God is awesome. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of way maker, miracle worker, before we seated. Amen. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in his place. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkest. My God, that is who you are. way. Maker, miracle worker, promise keep light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. If you are here, you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, way maker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, maker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. Maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. Yes, my God. That is who you are. One more time. Who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel that you're working. Never stop. Never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel that you're working. Never stop. Never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. We're worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. We're going to get Avery in a mirror to give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's get him a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I have unanswered prayers. I have trouble I wish wasn't there. I have asked a thousand ways you would take my pain away. [Music] You would take my pain away. I am trying to understand. How to walk this weary land. Make straight the path that crooked light. Oh Lord, before these feet of mine, oh Lord, before these feet of mine. When my world is shaking, heaven stands. [Music] When my heart is breaking, I never leave your hand. When you walked upon the earth, you healed the broken, lost, and hurt. I know you hate to see me cry. One day we'll set all things right. One day we'll set all things right. When my world is shaking, heaven stands. When my heart is breaking, I never leave your hands. Your hands. Your hands that shape the world are holding me. They hold me still. Your hands that shape the world are holding me. They hold me still. When my world is shaking, heaven stands. When my heart is breaking, I never leave you. When my world is shaking, [Music] heaven stands. When my heart is breaking, [Music] I never leave. I never leave your hands. [Applause] Amen. We're going to get brother Aaron and I believe his mother, Sister Treva. Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. [Music] See? [Music] [Applause] Go ahead. Drive the nails in my hands. Laugh at me where you stand. Go ahead [Music] and say it is me. The day will come and you will see cuz I rise again. There's no power on earth can tie me down [Music] cuz I'll rise again. [Music] Death can't keep me in the ground. [Music] Go ahead. Oh, mark my name. My love for you is still the same. Go ahead and bury me. Very soon I will be free cuz I'll rise again. There's no power on earth can tie me down. Yes, I rise again. Death can't keep me in the ground. Go ahead. Say I'm dead and gone. You will see that you were wrong and go ahead [Music] and try to hide the sun. All will see that I am the one cuz I rise again. [Music] There's no power on earth can't tear me down. Yes, I rise again. [Music] Death can't keep me in the ground cuz I'll come again. There's no power on earth can keep me back. Yes, I'll come again. [Applause] [Music] Oh, come to take my people back. Oh, come to take my people back. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Sister Sarah, if you come and give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's give Sister Sarah a hand. [Applause] [Music] I stood there as they tried. him for crimes he hadn't done. No one else believed it, but I just knew he was the one. And I slid back into the crowd trying to go unseen. But when Pilot cried out, beat him. He pointed straight to me. My friends, they all cheered me as I took the whip in hand, placing stripes upon the back of this guiltless man. The way he turned and looked at me from my mind I can't erase. And I'll never forget the look on his face. He said, "I'm doing this for you and I will still love you when you're through. I'm doing this for you. Though it took me by surprise when I saw love in his eyes. He said, "I'm doing this for you." I had taught Mount Calvary with hammer and nail. It became my duty to crucify this man. And I saw my friends gambling for his robe by my side. But I couldn't tear away as he looked into my eyes. [Music] Oh, Father, forgive them. I heard him cry aloud, "Behold the King of Kings." Someone marked from the crowd. But then the ground shook and the thunder rose as he gave up the ghost. But until the day I die, the thing that I'll remember most, he said, "I'm doing this for you, and I will still love you when you're through. I do this for you. Though it took me by surprise when I saw love in his eyes. He said, "I'm doing this for you." The sacrifice that day at Calvary was the Father's perfect plan to set men free. He said, "I'm doing this for you, and I will still love you when you're through. I'm doing this for you." [Music] Though it took me by surprise when I saw love in his eyes. He said, "I'm doing this for you." Though it took me by surprise when I saw such love in his eyes. He said, "I'm doing this for you. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let us stand. Amen. Let's sing the key of D and I bless your name. Let's start with the chorus here. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor or give you praise. You are the life, [Music] the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Let's do a little bit faster. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor [Music] and give you praise. You are the light. [Music] the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. [Music] Oh, give you grace. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's just close our eyes and worship. some midnight hour. If you should find, [Music] you're in a praise. I am your m. Reach out and praise be sh and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. Oh I bless your name. I your name now. I give you honor. Oh yes. Give you all. Give you praise. You are the light. You are the life, the truth, the way. Hallelujah. I bless your name. I bless your name. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Happy Easter to you all. Amen. Have you heard the news? He has risen. Oh, that is the true shot heard around the world. My that has changed the course of human history. Amen. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Can face whatever the devil throws at me because he lives. All fear is gone. Amen. Because I know. See, and the Bible tells me that I can know that you can know. See, so we don't have to be wondering today. There's no guessing at it. We know who he is. We have revelation of his name. We have a revelation of his person. We know who we are. Because he has revealed to us his identity. And when he did that, when the mighty God was unveiled, there was the bride. Amen. She had been there all along, unnoticed. Amen. But praise the Lord. That was the great mystery that Paul spoke of that the world has constantly missed the mark and stumbled over that Christ in you the hope of glory. So because it seems like they oversimplify it and I get God's hidden and revealed in simplicity but let me tell you something when that God in heaven comes down and starts living through human lives my things can get quite complicated. Amen. But that's why we have the mind of Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. We're wanting to just remind you today um that next week uh we will have special revival meetings with brother Andrew Glover. He'll be here for us Saturday night and Sunday morning. We have a youth event going on on Friday. Amen. At the Urban Bruce. So, we're hoping that all of you young people have got all your uh RSVP in and your menu items. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And so we want to we want to make sure you're you're wellfed naturally and spiritually. Amen. So then brother Andrew will be coming uh to preach two revival services for us here in the church on Saturday and Sunday next week. You ready for that? My we haven't had brother Andrew ever. I don't think have we never we have we have at one time. Okay. Don't tell him I said I forgot that. Okay. And don't any of you people on the internet tell him amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're happy then to have Amen. have him coming again. God bless to all of our visitors. Uh number here today, too many to start naming. I'm going to have to name Noah, although he's not a visitor. Everybody turn, stare at Noah. Wave at him, Noah. Come on, wave at him. Noah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Happy to have him here today and all the different ones of you. Praise the Lord. We're going to invite you to Revelation chapter 5 this morning. Amen. I think that's all the announcements I had. There's a number of families traveling. So, uh quite a few. So, just be in prayer for them. Amen. Half my tribe is overseas. Amen. Matthew's up in Canada. And uh John and Martha and Chris and Katie and Uriah are over in Europe. Amen. And so, um, we got a special prayer request we're going to pray today. Um, well, they got off the plane, got through the airport, got on the trains, and, uh, lo and behold, when they got off the train, Sister Martha's luggage was gone. So, they don't know why. Now, fortunately, she had all of her electronic, her phone, her passport, her wallet, everything on her person. But, uh, Amen., she might have to go shopping. Oh, man. But, no, seriously, she she wants that back. and uh especially I think it's my suitcase. So, so we want to be praying. Amen. And then uh and you know, Sister Dave and I encouraged them to say, "Listen," because we were remembering, you know, Wednesday night when all those testimonies were going on and uh how many testimonies we heard of things that were impossibly lost and just were found. Amen. Or God just returned them. You know, I still don't know how to explain my garage door opener. I'll go have to go to the other side and say, "Lord, was that thing just I wasn't noticing. I happened the wrong color in my mind cuz it's not there." And I said, "Lord, I just can you just make it be here?" And suddenly it was there. It's all I can know. It's all It's all It's all I know. It's all I can say. Don't get me outside and ask me anything else. That's I've told you all I know. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh we want to go into the word of God today. And I I desire to take this title um lifting up Christ to the world one last time in history. Amen. It's a little bit of an interruption of my series I've been on. And that's all right. I don't get to choose that. But I've had to go very, very carefully to make sure that I had the Lord's perfect mind. And I believe we're set to go this morning. All right. Revelation chapter 5 and we'll begin uh at verse 11. We'll run 11 through 14. Now, I don't have a PowerPoint today. However, I've already notified the booth. Amen. That we're going to get a workout in the scriptures today. Will that be all right? Amen. Brother Brad got so scared he ran him all of us to get a water to stay make sure he could handle it. Amen. So, we're we're gonna I sent him a I sent him a list today. It's not a horribly long list. Hey, Brad. So, it's Yeah, it's good. Amen. You'll be all right, buddy. Amen. All right. And I beheld and I heard the voice of many angels. Look at this scene. Round about the throne and the beast and the elders. And the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands of thousands. Now, that's a a way of writing in the Aramaic and the Greek of just saying it was an innumerable company. We couldn't even put a figure to it. It's just thousands of thousands. All right. So, all right. So, watch. Saying where they were all saying. You want to see a church in one mind and one accord. All right. Here we go. Saying with a loud voice, worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. That's quite a bit. Verse 13. and every creature which is in heaven and on the earth and under the earth and such as are in the sea and all that are in them heard I saying John wasn't going to be shouted out here. He wanted to make sure his voice was heard. Blessing and honor and glory and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne and unto the Lamb forever and ever. And the four beasts said, "Amen." and the four and 20 elders fell down and worshiped him that liveth forever and ever. Oh my. Let's pray. Father, we're thanking you for your word today. And already I feel your anointing coming upon me, Lord. And I just ask now that you deliver this word. Let it be delivered as you delivered it to me. Bless all of those in our midst today. We're missing much of our Bethl family, but so we pray your blessing on them wherever they may be. And Lord, today we find that the enemy trying to come in and upset, Lord, a a wonderful trip that's been well planned. And here, Sister Martha loses her luggage. Lord, h who in this building could doubt, you could just simply materialize it. Lord, we've just seen you do so much, Father. And and and Lord, you've just constantly done it. And we're asking that that luggage, Lord, be returned to her. We ask these things and these favors and blessings in Jesus name. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Now, I have so much ground to cover. I'm just going to have to start in straight away. So, I covet your undivided attention. And if you're moving about uh going in or out, that's which is normal. That happens in transition. So, and you're gathering your things. I just want you to try to focus on my voice and pay as much as close attention as you can because things are popping even right as I stand here. And I I want you to notice that the results of what can happen when everybody is in one mind and one accord. I want you to notice that in this heavenly crowd here that John is is caught up into in Revelation five, he sees a beautiful scene. Now, it's beautiful for a number of reasons. Number one, uh that I can think of is that in Revelation 5, you have all of this great host. You have all of these innumerable angels. You have the four and 20 elders. You have John standing there. You have a Thanks, sir. We have a strong angel representing a prophet in our day call. He's going to call for a mighty angel to come and and take the book and loose the seals. And that's going to be the most climactic moment uh in 2,000 years of Christian church history. Uh a complete return, a complete uh as brother Jason was saying today, that re in front of all of those words, it's God restoring back. God bringing something back. And and if and if he's bringing it back, then it's obvious that it's not still there. It had to be brought back. That should be clear. So So we it should not puzzle us that we find the world uh Christianity in a catastrophe. We find north of 33,000 different denominations, ideas, movements, groups, organizations, both independent denominational and non-denominational. But there's yet there's only one truth and there's only one way and there's only one Jesus. There's only one word. And so you can you can see how helpless how helpless mankind is if somebody doesn't turn on a light because in light is life. You see and the whole world is the problem that they have is death is death. see that you're you're you're dead. You're twice plucked up. You then the world doesn't realize that she's poor and miserable and naked. And brother Brandham said the most tragic part is she's blind. So she doesn't know. So God has so ordered it that he through his family. You hear through his family would be the final voice to the final age. Now, that's not every one of you getting up in this pull pit and doing what I'm doing right now, but that is me doing what you do every day out on the streets. Our life is a living voice. When John I want you to notice that when when John begins to say, "Everybody heard me say, you know something, friends, the John that was not new to John. John did that because that's how he lived in the earth. His voice, he was a written epistle. He knew that the apostle had said, "You're a written epistle read of all men." And John took that to heart and lived every day. And his life was a living voice to the world. An epistle read of all men. So it's not just in your words. It's not but it's in your chasteed conversation, which is your lifestyle. You cannot get around holiness, friends. You're never going to get around righteousness. Claim what you believe all you want, but but the but the proof is in the manifestation. You you say, "I have a revelation." Well, then show me say, "I know Christ. Then show me that." That's this is exactly why the Greeks when they in their in Greek philosophy that if you can come up and quote something or give an exhortation or write an essay then they'll say okay you know it but the Hebrews are completely different that's not how they measure they never measured uh knowledge by intelligence they measured knowledge when you could produce it when your life became what you are saying they say now he knows Jehovah He's a He's a This is how Abraham became a friend of God. Imagine that being called the friend of God. So close that even God said to his other accompanying angels, "Can we hide anything from Abraham? I can't even keep my my most trusted secret. I can't keep it from him. Abraham, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do." Oh my. That's not the revelation that that Sodom got. All they got was God went down there and took out the unwise virgin and said, "Run for your lives." So, we find that in this great scene, you find that you had all of these innumerable angels. You had the 120 140 the uh the 24 elders. You had the the strong angel, the mighty angel, John representing the bride. You had the four living creatures. You had all of these things at the time when the seals are being opened. What you do not have is the accuser. Satan is nowhere in Revelation 5. Why? Because once those seals have been taken and broken and the word has now been brought back to the people and they've eaten the book, then there now you have returned. There is now therefore no condemnation to them which are in Christ. You cannot be accused. He will not hear it. You cannot be indicted. You cannot be brought up on charges. You have complete diplomatic immunity from judgment. You are above the law because you're in Christ who fulfilled the law. You see, it's not something unfair. Christ fulfilled the law. Amen. You're in Christ. So now with Christ, when he ascended, you ascended. See? And so, so we find that now he's saying with a loud voice, worthy is the lamb that was slain. No wonder because John had lived a life exactly like what you're hearing. And he said, "Blessing and honor and glory and power." They all heard me saying, I want to ask you today on this Easter Sunday that he has risen. People say, "Oh, Calvary was enough." Really, so you don't need the resurrection. Oh. Oh, well, yeah, of course. Okay. Okay. The resurrection, too. Okay. What about the ascension? Okay. Well, the ascension, too. What about what about when he came back down in the upper room and filled all the house and lived in their lives and proved he was alive when he went through the book of Acts? What do you think the book of Acts is? People deciding to do good deeds. It's not that. It's not people trying to be Christians. It's people who are filled with the life of God. So much so that sinners looked at their life and said, "We need a name. We're going to call you guys Christians because you are so similar to Christ. See, so they've got all kinds of names. They Today's the day of name calling. I don't care what they call me. They're going to call me gone. I know that. That's all I care about. They'll call me gone one of these days. Hallelujah. So it's important that you see this heavenly setting. We find that that it's important that you understand that Revelation 5 and Revelation 4 are the same event. I'm going to show you that just in a minute. We're going to go to Revelation 4. But I I I want to make the point first because if you don't see this connection, then you're left with brother Brandham saying very accurately, mind you, that the church goes up at the end of chapter 3 and is not seen again until she comes riding out on white horses in chapter 19. And from once the bride goes home, the gospel under the trumpets, under the seventh trumpet goes to Israel. And you're saying, 'Well, goodness gracious. Well, what about Revelation 5 and Revelation 10 and all? I thought this was all about the bride. It is. Brother Brandham shows us that in Revelation five, yes, the church goes up at the end of chapter three because that's the last age. And there's not an eighth age for the Gentiles. Once she leaves at the end of the seventh age, the gospel, the anointing, that eagle anointing, flies east, picks up two prophets, Moses and Elijah, and takes the Holy Ghost message of the hour to to the 144,000. And they become believers like you are a believer, right? And they get born again like you're born again. And they're part of the first resurrection, like you're part of the first resurrection. And they go up and they'll be in the millennium, the unwise virgin or not. She gets saved from destruction in the end, but she's not born again at any time. She's granted eternal life. She's had a work of the Holy Ghost in her flesh and in her spirit, but she's not passed from death to life. Otherwise, you won't see her at the judgment in Matthew 25. It' be impossible. Otherwise, Jesus broke his word because whoever's believed on him has passed from death to life and can never come into the judgment. John 5:24. So the very fact that she's standing and you see the the the the question today, listen friends, the question today h has never been will I stand at the judgment seat of Christ. We all Paul said will stand at the judgment seat of Christ and give an account of our deeds whether good or bad. The question is not not ever been will I. The question is what position will I be when I'm there? I will either be in front of the throne being judged or I'll be seated with him on the throne judging. Say, "Well, what makes the difference?" The people seated on the throne with him, all of their sins went ahead of their arrival and were met in Christ when he showed up with his bloody body. Hallelujah. And that atonement, all my sins were in him. Even sins, you say, "Even sins I hadn't even committed yet." You hadn't even been born yet. Hallelujah. The ones who stand before the throne being judged are those whose sins follow them. Trust me, they follow you. No amount of good deeds gets that off of you. You can't earn eternal life like that. See, you're it God's looking at the heart. Your heart response. How did the foolish virgin get in? Because of their heart response to the word at whatever level God revealed it. So, so if you're not careful, so brother Brandham comes back to Revelation 5. So, he says, "So, what what are we seeing here?" Yes, the church went up at the end of chapter 3. That's for sure because we don't have an eighth age and we don't need an eighth messenger. But, but brother Brandham says, "Now here in chapter five," and I'm paraphrasing the prophet. You can go into the seals and get it yourself. He says he's showing here how he did it. How did he pull it off? How did he get that last day bride when she was so broken, so blind, so naked, so miserable, no way to go in a rapture in her condition and no way to improve because she kicked Christ out. So how did he do it? Revelation five is going to show you that a strong angel stood on the earth and called for a mighty angel and a mighty angel came and opened the seals and sent grace down to his bride. So chapter five is showing how he did it. So then so then the point you have to realize is is chapter 4 is the opening scene to chapter 5. Don't lose sight of that. See Revelation 4 1:3. I'm just going to show you this. We're going to catch catch these three verses and then we'll jump to uh chapter 5 and I'll show you the continuity. Revelation 4:1. After this, I looked, and behold, a door was opened in heaven, and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be hereafter." And immediately I was in the spirit, and behold, a throne was set in heaven. Look at this now. So he comes up. He a door is opened. He's caught up. And when he's caught up, he sees a throne set up. Amen. All right. A a a a throne was set in heaven. And one, not two, not three. Sorry, trinitarian friends, but when John saw him on the throne, when John saw the throne room of God, there was only one throne. And there was only one seated on that throne. See? All right. So, and he that sat upon And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardan stone. So, there's no question who this is. And there was a rainbow about the throne in sight likened to an emerald. We don't have time to break those stones down, but you can see it's certainly Christ. So, now watch round about the throne in sight like into an emerald. Revelation 51. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne. So you see it's the same scene. He's caught up into a throne room scene and he's describing and says his he had Jasper and Sard and rainbow was about his throne and all these different things were going on and then he comes in. Translators added it made that a fifth chapter hundreds of years later and John didn't have that in his in his letter. It's the same scene. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within on the backside and sealed the seven seals. So, so you can see that that chapter. So now I can say with author prophetic authority that yes the church goes in a rapture in time at the end of the seventh age. But how did he pull it off when it was impossible for that to happen? Chapter 4 and chapter five tell me a door that's Christ. A door is always Christ was opened a revelation and I was caught up into a mystery and and what did the mystery revealed? One seated on the throne. Hallelujah. See verse two, Revelation 5:2. And I saw a strong angel proclaim with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof? No man in heaven, nor in earth, nor under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders, one of the elders, you know, John himself was an elder. And one of the elders, I mean, is he hearing from his theophony? And one of the elders saith unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seals, seven seals thereof. Oh, cheer up, little bride. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. Stop crying, bride. Doesn't matter. You know, you've heard from your theophony. There's there's a happy land waiting on us. Amen. So this this this idea now of being lifted up, see my my title is lifting lifting up Christ to the world one last time in history. And in order for Christ to be lifted up by people coming in contact with you, you have to be lifted up. You have to see him out above the ages. What you have to see more than the ages could see. You have to see it's more than Luther and Wesley and Isuza revival. Those are all parts of the restoration of the bride tree. You scarcely do away with any one of them because they're all part of the restoration. But I'm here to tell you something, friends. Now, the fruit is in the top of the tree and the presence of the sun is shining on it to ripen it. Amen. This is how you're going in a rapture. Hallelujah. Because the seed that is in you, as brother JD was saying today, the seed that is in you, where did that come from? That didn't that's not something somebody gave you or you went and acquired it yourself. This came from God. That gene, you were in Christ before the foundation of the world. Amen. So when he is lifted up, he said that if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to me. I promise you, he's not. He has no plans and no prophecy to show up in this day and go get crucified again. So, how do you imagine he's going to be lifted up to draw all men? If it's not you and I, then who is it? When I look in the scripture, I see that John carrying on what he had been used to doing. I love that, friends. You know, you you can see the old old habits are hard to break. You can see those standing there in Matthew 25 and they're they're trying to claim their works, but their heart was full of iniquity, which means they knew they knew they knew what they really were. You know, they're they're you say, "Why would they do that?" Because they were used to doing that. They They had been doing that their whole life in the earth, going to church, playing like a Christian. See, like like the old advertisement, the guy says he comes on in a white coat and he goes, "I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV." And somehow that's supposed to embibe you with confidence. And the guy's just an actor. He don't know the first thing about medicine. See, and so I I don't want to stand up here and say, "Uh, I'm not actually a Christian, but I play one on Sunday mornings." And so this is what they were used to doing. They had been doing that their whole life. Quite naturally when they get in front of the throne, they're going to try to say, "Hey, wait a minute. Look at all of our works. But this time, they don't realize that the king uns the unwise virgin who get eternal life. Those kind of the bride, the unwise virgin of various categories. It's some somewhat ambiguous all the various categories. There's five or six of them there that brother Brandham hints to. you understand that they they're very happy to find out that they're getting life. They're very happy. And I'm glad I did those things, but I I really don't remember doing them. You see, because their their life of goodness was just so automatic. It was just so automatic. They were humble people and merciful people and gracious people and and and and and and the king knew that and he can't condemn them because you say what's going to condemn sin. Well, what's sin? Unbelief. But you can't disbelieve what you don't know. So they can't he can't convict them of sin otherwise they go to hell. See? So but they they followed him in their heart. Their heart responded to the word in every way he revealed it. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad to know, friends, I I made this statement here some time ago. Not everyone that goes in the tribulation is going to hell. There's going to be some people saved out of that thing. Oh, hallelujah. See, so it's the whole idea of lifting up Christ out of history. That's why brother Brandon would take those kind of titles, lifting him up out of history. You know, Brother Brandon would take a title, the identified Christ of all ages. See, he would come to the pulpit and he would say, "We're going to preach on the unveiling of God." And then he hits he hits the evangelistic trail and he he he adds to the title, "This is the mighty God unveiled." My he he's he's trying to prove a point. He's trying to show the people what has happened in the day and hour. And they're sitting there blind. But but there are a few. Brother Renham said there in Chicago, he said in a prayer, he said, "Lord, now we don't know who all is your." He said, "I don't know who all is your children, but I know by that vision the other day, remember the preview of the bride." He said, "I know by that vision there's some of them out here, and all I'm doing is casting seed. I'm just casting the seed. It'll find the right bedding ground and you'll water it and it'll come forward." And and that was such a comfort to the prophet lifting him up out of history, lifting up Christ to the world one last time in history. You are that people. I hope you absorb that today. If you will, then my mission is accomplished. I I can tell you that that has become the allconsuming desire. I think about it day and night. Lord, less of the world, more of you. Less of the world, more of you. Less of the world, more of you. I want to get say how far till I can get none of the world. And all of him. I I go to I wake up thinking about it. I go to sleep thinking about it. I go to my knees thinking about it. I I go in my office thinking about it. Lord, more of you. Oh my. To lift him up in history. Emma Lazarus wrote her uh poem, the called the new Colossus. And you know, it's it's it's uh on the on the plate there at the on the on the platform, the foundation of what we call the Statue of Liberty uh donation to us from from the French people. And Emma Lazarus wrote a poem called the New Colossus. and it took off and went viral before there was such a thing. And and uh you know they call her Lady Liberty. Actually her her real name is the mother of exiles. And she says these very inspirational words Lazarus in her poem. This is just a fragment of it. It's a message to the world. Keep ancient lands your storied pomp, cries she with silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refues of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest tossed to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door. You know, it's not the only time that such inspirational words have come. Prophets who were caught up into great atmospheres of God came back and could scarcely put into human language the things that they had saw. Even Paul said, "I can't even things that I s that I heard are not even lawful to speak." See, now you know what? This is just Brother Jason. When I look at that and I go, hm, so what is in the law that's unlawful to say? There's a lot of things in the law unlawful to do. But what's the one thing that I know of in the law that's unlawful to say? And that's the very thing Jesus said, I and my father are one. And they took up stones to stone him. And prophet alludes to that. When you say, I and my father are one, that's when they take up stones to stone you. And Paul was caught up to the third heaven much like what John saw and heard. No doubt heard. Oh, oh, like you read in the book. You have been called like he wrote Paul wrote in Hebrews 12. No wonder he could write. You've come to Mount Zion, to the city of the great king, to the souls of just men made perfect to an innumerable host of angels. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And Paul said, I heard things that aren't lawful to say. I'm here to tell you, I just wonder if if we if we have our representation there saying he and I are one. He and I are one. And Paul said, my goodness, it's not even lawful to say such a thing. And that was the mystery that he tried to bring back to the church. She is him. The prophet didn't pull that out of thin air. He got that from the apostle. She is him. She's a continuation of him. You find in Isaiah 6, a great lifting up. And in Isaiah 6, Isaiah here being caught up into the same throne room as John. It's beautiful when you go into the Old Testament, you get certain passages and then you go over into the book of Revelation and you get a little more detail or maybe get a little more detail here and something's left out here. You know, you you you come to Ezekiel's promise of in the millennium and Ezekiel talks about the tree of life that it'll be there for medicine. Wait, what? In the millennium? Why we need medicine? And you don't really know until you get over to John. And when John writes it, he says, "It's for the healing of the nations. It's to keep peace. It's not sick bodies." See? So, so you you know you you you see John, he goes into chapter 21 and he sees a river of life and it's flowing from the throne and on either side is is the singular tree of life. So, what does that even look like? There's one big tree spanning a river flowing from the throne. Where? What do you mean? What does that even mean? What does that look like? And you don't even really know till you go back into Ezekiel and Ezekiel lets you know that it's actually flowing from underneath the throne. So, it's a river of life issuing from under the throne. And on either side of this river are trees plural because it's not just Christ. No wonder it's on both sides. It's he and her. It's Mr. and Mrs.. It's a many membered bride. Hallelujah. Oh, what a our future is bright on this Easter morning, friends. Our future is bright. Oh my. So, he sees here Isaiah 6:1. You good? Yeah. Isaiah 6:1. In the year that King Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne high and lifted up and his train, his skirts, his garments filled the temple. It doesn't that's why it doesn't surprise me. And in fact, as um uh Matthew Henry alludes to that same thought that isn't it curious that when oh my don't get me preaching on this when Ruth is laying at the foot of Boaz and what does she say? He wakes up and she says pull your skirt over me. What was she doing? She was asking for marriage. Hallelujah. Oh and he said daughter you've been more faithful. I'll grant your request. Hallelujah. And when John when when Isaiah sees him, he's high and lifted up and his skirt, his train fills the temple. Above it stood the seraraphim. Each one had six wings. Look at this scene. With twain he covered his face. That's see. And with twain he covered his feet. With twain he did fly. And brother Brandon breaks it all down about humility and flight and and uh and and and the honor to God. standing and one cried unto another and said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, and the whole earth is full of his glory." And the post of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke, very much like the upper room experience of chapter 2 and Acts chapter 2 and Acts chapter 4 again. See? And so so so we find out that the post of the door moves. So so when so let me say it like this. So when he is lifted up in holiness, when his when his voice can go by the Holy Ghost through his family to the world, I'm here to tell you when you are that person, that's when he will move in your temple as well. Hallelujah. The post of the door was moved in the temple. I want him to move in my temple. What's the What's the key? Give me the key. Give me the secret. Make him high and lifted up. Lift him up. So, how do I lift him up in your life? This is the meaning of Easter. He rose up. Verse five. Then said I, woe is me. Now watch what this will do. For I am undone. Here's what the spirit of God will do to a worshipper. Then said I, woe is me, for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips. There's an honest confession from a prophet. I mean, you you're not going to go in here and find one record of Isaiah ever transgressing God's word. Never. No record of it. But you know why God brought him in here? Because he he was enamored with the king. And there was a little bit of thing in his heart where all of his confidence was in King Hezekiah. And and and uh and and I mean Uzziah, I'm sorry. And so he says, "Is that did I get that right?" Yeah. King King Uzziah. And so when King Uzziah had a fatal flaw, you know what his fatal flaw was? He had a temper. He had uncontrolled temper and he couldn't keep it in check. And he goes into the house trying to do God a service without it being his will. Tried to step out of his calling. He was a king, not a priest. And he tried to offer sacrifice. And the loyal priest tried to stop him. And he turned red in the face. And he got angry and is ready to kill people. And the Lord because that was sin. And so the Lord struck him with the sin disease, leprosy. And we find out that he never got healed and he died. And that blew Isaiah's mind. This man that he had had such confidence in when he saw his human side. It shook him. And so God said, "Come in here and let me show you what you should have been looking at all along." See, the bottom line is friends, it's not my brother or my sister, but it's me, oh Lord. Standing in the need of prayer. You can take your pitchforks and burn them. We're not pitching it on to one another. We're not here judging one another. I'm so glad that spirit does not exist in this church. And if it did, I would have shot it a long time ago. Hallelujah. We're all for one and one for all. And and we're we're we're geared in mercy and we're geared in grace. And I'm I the Lord has allowed me to gear you like that. And I'm so glad cuz I might stumble and I'd want your grace and I'd want your mercy and you might stumble. I promise you you'll have my grace and my mercy. And so he's he sees God lifted up. And when he does, then said I, woe is me, for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips. and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips. For mine eyes have seen the king, the Lord of host. So this is when sin will be seen for the sin it is. When you are willing to come into the presence of God, lifting him up in your life, amen, then I'm here to tell you, you'll be a light. You'll be a voice and people will be a blind people who can't see sin for sin. They call right wrong and wrong right. That's the that's the plague on the last day that mankind would lose the natural im ability, the natural intrinsic ability to to discern between right and wrong. And he would take something for 20 centuries that's been called wrong and say, "Oh, no, we were all wrong there. It's just right now." And everything that that that was right and things to stand for and bring it over here today and call you every name in the book because you're living right. It's madness. It's insanity. It's mental. And and how's the world ever going to recover from it? Listen, friends, the only way is when Christ can be lifted up in your life and you see your own sin and then you God comes to your rescue and then you can be a rescue to the world around you. That's what Easter is about. He has risen. So I have risen. The blind world can't see their sin. And that's the tragedy that we see today among humanity. Prophets saw them going over a cliff, plunging into an abyss, hypnotized by a witch, lost in a trance of worldly music and Satan's Eden. But look what can happen when sin is made clearly to a worshipper. When you are willing to live in such a way in your worship to God, because that's what your life is. It's a worship to God. When you're willing to lay aside every weight and sin that doth so easily beset you and run the race with patience, then you are a lightbearer. You have a lightsaber. Hallelujah. You got a much greater force than Lucas ever thought about. Oh my. Hallelujah. I'm glad at least he admitted that he got his concept out of the Bible. He admitted that publicly. Verse six. Now look at the result. When you own when you own it. Then flew one of the seraraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar. He laid it on my mouth and said, "Lo, this hath touched thy lips, and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin is purged." So how will he be made clear? Who who is going to identify sin and take a clear stand of separation? Separation not just from godliness to ungodliness. Let me give you a little more defined picture. How about fervent Holy Ghost life versus lukewarm Christianity? Well, that cuts a little closer, don't it? You know, you know it it's it's all about I'm in a church. Well, is he in you? That's the question. If he's in me, I'm always in church. I am the church. Hallelujah. I was listening to a song the other day, some worship song. I truly don't remember the name of it. Um, don't even remember why I was listening to it, but I was taken. It wasn't a video. I was just listening. It must have came up on my autoplay. and and and and and I have no idea even what the song was and that's fine because I don't know who that was and I make no judgment about I don't even remember the song but I just remember what put me to thinking as I was driving along and they kept talking about they kept repeating the name Jesus and it was a song that just said that over and over and I can think of several songs that are like that and it wasn't any of those that I had ever heard before but they're but you know they're constantly repeating the name Jesus and every few bars Jesus Jesus and a few more bars Jesus and a few more bars Jesus. And and I you can imagine in my mind thinking about lifting him high, lifting him up to the world this last time in history because this is the last time in history. The ages are over. There will not be another age. See now the age the ages are over but the age the last age is still going on because he still has mercy and he's still saving and he's still calling. That's what brother Brandham directly said. See, the ages are over, but thank God the age he's still calling. He's calling until we leave here. See, so so I I think about how many times the name Jesus I I got to thinking. I thought, you know, how sad it is how many times the name Jesus or Jesus Christ is spoken in the world. I thought about what what a what an impact this world has been under on this name Jesus Christ. I mean, you know, coming from one obscure itinerate preacher, no degrees, no home church, didn't need to carry a Bible because he was the word. rejected by all of the religious denominations of his day. All of the independent spiritual movements rejected him. The people heard him gladly. See, but the h the hierarchy they they wanted to kill him. They wanted to call themselves sons of Abraham. The JD was on today. When they said we we be of Abraham, Abraham is our father. Jesus didn't contend with that. He didn't deny that. Well, it wouldn't have done him any good because he they could go right in and pull out their family records. My daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, d Abraham, and they could prove it. See, so Jesus, he said, "I know you're Abraham's children. However, now let me talk about another version of you." See, there's another you. There's there's a you and there's another you. And he said, "This other you seeks to kill me. I know there's a part of you that's Abraham's seed, but there's something else down inside you that seeks to kill me. And Abraham didn't do that. I'm sorry. Abraham rejoiced to see my day. You're the opposite of Abraham. You're anti-Arabham. And that made them even more mad. See, we can't apologize for the truth. Some are most are going to get mad. They always have. But some are going to find life. And that's the ones I'm trying to find. And that's the ones I'm trying to lift up Christ to. See, and so you think about the global impact. Think about, you know, uh the true global impact of that name and who it represents. Whole nations. We speak of history just briefly for 2,000 years. whole nations who refused it. Though at one time perhaps mighty empires or dynasties and have been relegated in history today to second or third tier countries if they survived at all. On the other hand, nations who honored th that name of Jesus Jesus Christ, although they began small, rag tag, humble like America when when in her colonial days when her founding fathers stood for God and what was true or Israel when they became a nation in 1948 and they're just a humble little rag tag. I'm here to tell you, but when they honor that name of Jesus, what happened? They rose to world dominance. A little bunch of of patriots rose to world dominance. A little nation, a little sliver of land, completely surrounded by enemy, hostile to their even their existence and the sea at their back. And yet they're an unmovable force and strike terror. They strike terror in the hearts of those nations around them. One would think this nation could see that. I think about all the uses of that name around the world to defeat Satan's kingdom. I mean, we're talking about down through centuries, friends. We're talking about centuries of this Christian church that have defeated devils left and right at the name of Jesus. At that name, every knee shall bow, every tongue shall confess. That's the name we're trying to lift up high. Easter's not a holiday to us. Easter is a memorial. He rose from the grave and because he lives, now I can live. Brother Brandham said, you know, he rose from the grave and that's great for him, but what good does that do me? He rose. Okay, fine. But how does that help me? See, unless I can find a way to become a part of him. My goodness. Oh, I'm just trying to stay focused here today. I want to try to get finished. I think about all of the misuses of that name. Yeah. All of the uh misrepresentations of that name, especially in religious circles. What a misrepresentation. And I don't want to get going down that trail either. I think about the nonchalant way it is said these days, Jesus Christ. I think about all that it stood for in prophecy in the Old Testament and what it manifested here on earth wasn't done in a corner. When when God demonstrated his life, he didn't just do it in a corner. This thing has went around the world. when he demonstrated his presence in our midst in this day with a prophetic ministry. I'm here to tell you that wasn't done in some corner. That was done out in the open in the mainstream. See, and it was always unchallengeable. Sure, they can jump up now and run around trying to challenge something after the man's long gone. Not even here to He They never tried that when he was alive. They didn't live to tell about it if they did. That's right. Nobody who ever challenged a prophet. That never ended well in all the Bible. That never ended well. See, so he's already vindicated to us. There's no there's no question. We're not even interested in their questions. They wouldn't believe our answers anyway. See, but how that he identified himself in his church, which is us, which is the believers around the world. How he identified himself in his church. And how did he do it? How did he do it? By a divine revelation of his name, of the name of God, of the mighty God unveiled. He comes forth and says, "Now, now Christ is the mystery of God." Yeah. Revealed. And he goes on to show how that it's God in expression. So that by the time he comes to the end of that sermon and others like it, you're standing there going, "Wow, now the bride is the mystery of Christ revealed." See, so Christ is the mystery of God revealed. His family is the mystery of him revealed. And th this is the order that God has done it by a divine revelation of his name. After 2,000 years, after 2,000 years of walking in the midst of seven golden candlesticks, to come down to this last day, Easter 2023 and the name of Jesus is mostly a mere byword in the streets. To live, to see the day. You are the last generation that will ever be on the earth. You're the generation upon whom the ends of the earth have come. And to live to see the day that the modern church has just made him basically a hipster. He's even cool. He's hip. My a name so precious. Oh Lord, help me. A name so precious that it saved the entire world from sin only now to be a porative in the middle of some swearing tirade when someone is angry. A name, a name expressing a name that expressed all the love of God for humanity. And it's used mostly now to express anger or contempt. How did this happen? What does it mean to us? What is that name? What does Easter 2023 mean to you? I I never thought we would be here. There's no preacher alive thought we'd be here. Brother Brandham didn't think we'd be here. We are here and we're still fighting the greatest battle ever fought. And I just say, I'm going to fight on. And if he comes in the morning, then I'll be fighting when he comes. And if I lay more loved ones in the grave, I'll just pick up my sword and go back to fighting. Hallelujah. And if Brother Jason passes off the scene, you keep fighting. You keep swinging a sword cuz someday we're going to gather around Father's throne. Hallelujah. What does it mean to us in 2023? What should it mean to us? What does it mean to God? What do you think it means to God? I think it means everything to him. I think that name means everything to him. in fact is the only thing that God values above his name is his word. That's right. See Psalms 138 verse two, I will worship toward thy holy temple and praise thy name for thy loving kindness and for thy truth. Can you say amen? For thou has magnified thy word above all thy name. See, now don't get this. This doesn't mean that one's pitted against the other. It's not a conflict. You understand it? Just try to understand it like this. The name has changed down through time. God has used various names. He's had to have seven compound redemptive names just to describe what he's doing in the Old Testament and what Jesus would would would be. And then and then and then we find out that the name the name will actually change again in the new heavens and the new earth. He'll get a new name. See, but the word has never changed. Amen. The word never changes. From ages to ages, he's still the same. So his his his name, the only thing that that he can uh uh appreciate above his word is his name. I mean above his above his name is his word. See? And in his word, in the mystery of his word is his name is revealed. So so, so Jeremiah 15:16, look at these verses. I'm going to try to hurry. If you'll give me Can I get those 21 minutes till the top of the hour? Amen. I hope we're keeping it interesting to you. This is Easter, so I should be able to get a little OT. Hey. Oh, what a beautiful Jeremiah. Thank you. I'm going to hug you in in glory. Thy words were found, and I did eat them. And thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart. For I am called by thy name, oh Lord God of hosts. Oh, every morning, every evening, I crave it. Every morning, every evening, I eat upon it. It's the joy of my life. It's my everything. He is my everything. Hallelujah. Who who wants to lift his name up today? Oh, hallelujah. John 17:6, second favorite chapter in the gospels behind chapter 15 only. John 17:6, I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world. Thine they were, and thou gavest them me, and they have kept thy word. You see how those two things go together? He manifested his name, and they kept his word. Amen. So, this isn't a magic trick for you to win your lost family members. Just magnify his name in your life. It's not a magic trick. It's not hocus pocus. The Bible The Bible's not a book of incantations and spells. That's witchcraft. You put a crucifix around your neck, that's not on magic amulet. You understand? It's not none of that stuff. This isn't about This isn't like I said the other day, I don't I don't want to think that I got to wait till the dead in Christ rise and that's some kind of cosmic jump jumper cables to finally give me faith to change. I want to be walking toward my change every day, every hour. Hallelujah. I'm already feeling my change from glory to glory. It's changing me. What will be the result of it all in the end when we have the end of all things? The end of time itself at the end of the millennium when it's all said and done and and it's it's the end of of time. It's the end of the seventh seal. It's the end of the plan of redemption. The kingdom is surrendered and all the offices that God was going to work through are now fulfilled. And the Bible opens with chapter 21 of Revelation for the first time. Now God himself will dwell with his family. No more offices. Those offices were surrendered in 1 Corinthians 15. This is God all in all, through you all, above you all, in you all. What a day. What a world where everything that's remaining will be God in manifestation and there won't be no sin and sickness and sorrow and even the devil will be gone and sinners gone. Hallelujah. Oh my. Makes this Easter worth it to me. Either you'll be there or you won't. What does this Easter mean to you today? Could I say to you in the immortal words of St. Paul today, while it is yet today, harden not your hearts as they did in the provocation who perished in the gains of Kora went after the error of Balum. You know what Balum was? You know what the error of Balum was? Mingling with the world. Calling this nonsense of so-called Christianity today something we can be kind of, you know, involved with. You cannot be involved with that. That's a feast of Bale Por. And God never even forgave them for that. Slaughtered them for that. They Israel was to be separate. Yeah. Your your your your your goal is to open their eyes to their plate. To say stay on that course. I get it. You're a good person, but stay on that course. You're going to head into a tribulation, and I won't be here to help you. I'm trying to help you now. I'm trying to show you the light, a better way. You might reject me. I have to take that chance. I can't sit on the throne in glory and see you come up to the to the throne and be judged and condemned for iniquity when I knew I had the opportunity to tell you. Make your calling and election sure. So in our text where we opened in chapter 5, we see this great gathering of agents that they all worked in tandem all harmoniously for John to stand there and see all of this scene. This was the culmination of work of thousands of years. this is what God had been doing and got it all the pieces put together and brings John up to show him now look at what we've accomplished. See, and so so we find that to bring John to this place literally was a culmination of a lifetime of growth and purpose. You know, Brother Brandham talks about angels that accompany you through life. And brother Brandham says it like this. There are angels that are assigned to you and they're with you through life. They go with you. And he said, "They don't go back home. They don't go back home. They stay with you and they accompany you through life." See, that's what God does for his children. See, now he may commit you to suffering as he did Job. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. That he said his love is proven in election that he elected you of no merit of your own. See, so if he never done another thing for me, he's already done more than I could ever repay. See? So, I don't worry about trials. I don't I don't get all, you know, I I can see Peter saying, you know, rejoice. These things, even the fiery ones are for your good. Listen, friends, can I help you with trials? I know sometimes things can just seem impossible and unbearable. Could I remind you? You're going to be alive for a long time. You've not even got off the front porch yet. I don't care how bad your trial is. It ain't going to matter in 40, 50,000 years. It ain't going to matter. You're going to be alive for a long time. Centuries. centuries. Just tell the devil so and move on. What is What is this trial? I don't even care. Yeah, it's hard. Okay, fine. But it doesn't matter. I'm going to be alive for centuries. I'm just getting started. Hallelujah. That's what Easter means to me. Oh my. Where do I stop? I want to finish so bad. Let me just keep going. I got 13 minutes. You promised me. Not to mention those who said preach on. I said well. Oh my. Let me see what I can skip. So So we find then to bring John to this to this culmination. It was a lifetime of growth and purpose. Angels had accompanied him hearing from his his theophony perhaps hearing one of the elders for sure. And you know the elder trying to get him to say amen to the word. Stop crying. Re you notice everybody around you is rejoicing. John, you notice all all the angels. All you got to do is accept it. Don't worry. You think you're going to make some noise. You wait till you see those 24 elders go off. You wait till you see these angels innumerable start shouting and singing. And John, when John caught the revelation, he says, "Ain't nobody going to outshout me. All the everybody in the earth and under the earth and everywhere in heaven heard me saying blessing and glory and honor and praise. Hallelujah. Oh my anointings of beast powers had operated down through the ages. The bride of Satan and the bride of Christ coming to a predestinated climax inexraably. Don't you think you can get out of it? Don't you think? I mean, this is inevitable. This can't be reversed. It's impossible to stop it. It's impossible to prevent it. It is inescapable. It is unstoppable. It is unavoidable. You can't not fight. Fight or die. Hallelujah. God's looking for warriors of the faith. None of us knew it would be this deceptively insane. sin being classed globally as normal. Are you kidding me? None of us knew, as I said earlier, none of us knew we'd be here this long. But I'm determined to press harder than ever before. The harder it gets, the more I press, the darker it gets, the more I turn on the light. Hallelujah. The more the more I'm worried about my loved ones, the more light I let in so I can let out. Hallelujah. You know, I I'm determined to press m You know, maybe you don't. And could I say to you today that I'm so sorry for you? If you don't, could I plead with you today and tell you that spring is here? It's Easter. He's coming soon. Could I plead with you today, He's coming soon. Oh, hallelujah. Make ready. Make ready. You know, I sit often and I imagine what my life will be over there. Do you ever do that? I do it all the time. You know, my teachers used to call it daydreaming. I didn't care. I was thinking about God. That's the truth. Thinking about God as a boy and sitting daydream. You know, I I have to confess that I don't if I could say it to you like this. It's not the splendor, uh, the beauty, the riches. Those are all foregone conclusions. I get that. The position in the royal family of God. I mean, how awesome is that? Bride to the lamb, king, uh, queen to the king. Say, you don't you don't ponder those chiefly. I think about them. I'm glad for them. But I far more often ponder the enraptturing feeling to me of just sitting in the middle in the middle of that big world, that big new world somewhere deep in the heart of nature, just drinking it into my soul. All troubles are gone forever. I don't ever have to come back here and do this again. I'm free. Soaking in the cleanness, the unending shity of it all. The peace, the tranquility, the end of struggling nature, and me a beneficiary of that ending. To be able to worship God and talk things over with him. You ever just think about that? Some of these days when time is gone and there's no there's no pressure on my schedule, I can just say, "Jesus, could we just walk out into the wilderness and let me just talk to you for a couple years? I just want to tell you everything I wanted to tell you when I was in the earth and I prayed, but I I just want to hear you. I just want to say it in your presence again. I'd like to re repeat. Could you bring to my memory every prayer I ever prayed, every worship I ever did, and let me just rehearse it to you right here and right now? Oh, you say that's that's nonsense. The the the unhurriededness of it all. Unhurried by life, unhurried by vexations. To be completely unhurried, to be completely unharried. Similar words. To be completely unhared of all stress, all anxiety, all cares. Completely unharnessed. living in a world that is unblenmished, untainted, unpolluted, and my life uncontaminated. Friends, now here's the real heart of my message with my last seven or eight minutes. My life there finally at last uncontaminated. Say by what? By anything. I think about a message of grace that came to me in this day that made all this clear to show me my way home. You know, uh you don't have to put it up, Brother Brad. I'm just going to read it quickly. Psalms 23:2, "He maketh me to lie down in green pastures." You know, I love Brother Richie when he came here. He said, "This message of grace are my green pastures." I just said, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Listen, friends, we haven't always, you know, we we've we're like David. We've got successes. I mean, here's the beauty of it. David fought with lions and he fought with bears. And you know the beauty of that? He came away unscathed, unharmed, uninjured. He fought Goliath of Gath and slaughtered him. And David have a mark on him. Goliath never got a shot off. Goliath never made the first move. He he didn't even raise a spear. David ran toward him and killed him. See, and oh, I I I I just tell you in my heart today, I just say I believe we've we've reached a time where it's time to look for five smooth stones. Hallelujah. I want to say, Lord, give me my five smooth stones. I got some wool, some bears and lions and and giants that I want to slay in my life. Now, he didn't slay all of his Goliaths. Bathsheba was a Goliath he didn't slay. Uriah was a worse Goliath he didn't slay. Numbering the people was worse still. Tens of thousands of people died because he did that. But you know something? None of that removed David from his position in Christ. And I've slayed some Goliaths and I've killed some lions and I've killed some bears and I got away scot-free. And there were some Goliaths I didn't do so well on. And some stories I'd rather not tell you and disclose today. And you got some of those same stories, too. But I'm here to tell you on that side, I will be uncontaminated by any of it. I'll be unpolluted. I'll be unmoved. I'll be unchanged. I'll be everything he envisioned me being before the foundation of the world. And none of this life and my failures combined, it won't matter. [Music] Hallelujah. And all the annals of heaven today, that same David is unimpaired by those failures. That's what I'm resting in for me. That's the great thing that I think about. Say, what is your biggest thought of heaven? Sitting there clean. Amen. My original life from the mind of God on display. I'll be unaltered. Isn't that glorious? I want to read you this last quote here. Brother Brandham says, he says, you know, and from the rejected king, and he's telling the story about going beyond the curtain of time. And I'm not going to tell you the whole story. You know it well. You can go get the tape. It's really a good version of it. But he I just want to write write these two lines here as it's starting to happen to him and he's laying in the bed and and he's had a night of probably fitful sleep knowing him and his wife is laying next to to him beside him and he's in the bed. This is real life. Aren't you glad we had a prophet who lived real life? Amen. And he he sat up in the bed and he said, "I put my arms behind my head and just kind of set up on the pillow like anyone would do." And he said, "I thought, hm, Bill Brandham, 50 years old, if you're ever going to do anything for the Lord, you better get moving." Here's a man who done been around the world multiple times, had led millions to Christ, had been the spearhead of all of those tent revivals. He's he's widely credited as being the spearhead of it all. other great ministries came out from his ministry. Bill Brandham, if you're ever going to do anything, you better get moving. He says, "Now," he says, "It's like I I heard someone singing." He said, "That old song." And he's he's asking about a brother so and so used to sing that song, Beyond the Curtain of Time. And he said, "Like I I could hear it singing." And he said now, he said something started talking to me and said, "Oh, you're just starting. Press the battle. Press the battle." Now, he's already been around the world. He's 50 years old, been serving God for decades. And he says, "And I don't want you to miss this, and I don't want you to miss it today." He said, "It has changed me. I can't be the same, brother Brandham, that I was. And I looked and I heard something keep saying, "You're just starting." That's why I said to you a while ago, you're going to be alive for a long time. You're just starting. Press the battle. Keep pressing. Oh my. People worry about so many things. I'm here to tell you all that matters is I'm pressing the battle. This Easter means more to me in 2023 than it did in 2022. Hallelujah. I I I I don't ever want to see another one. But if I if I do, I'll still be pressing. I'll be pressing harder then than I am today. Say, I don't think that's possible. You just wait till you get there. And this world is one more year evil and dark and black. Oh, hallelujah. Friends, you're going to find a courage. You're going to find something down inside of you. a dynamics anointing the mechanics and this bride will rise in glory and brother Brandham said it'll call the sleeping saints for hundreds of years thousands of years it'll call them from the grave I'm looking for it any day how about you friends are you willing to lift him up in history today let's stand oh I stopped I think got 20 seconds oh praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Sister Ruth, did you happen to hear that? Okay, that's all you need. If you can hear it, I think I think I can sing it. I think most of the some of us know it. Brother Eugene taught it to us years ago. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Oh, he has forgive. I think you got it now. Oh, he has. Sing it. Forgive me. My sins have been washed from his memory. Oh, by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Glory. Oh, he has. Oh, I think you got it now. I think you got it. Let's sing it. Oh, he has forgiven. Are you rejoicing in that? My sins have been washed from his m. Oh, by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Oh, he has. Again, let's really get it good now. Oh, he has. Come on, raise up those hands. Worship with me now. Oh, my sins have been washed. Yes, Lord. Oh hallelujah. Oh by the blood of the lamb of calary. Oh he has forgive again. Oh he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, my that precious blood. Oh, ye have forgiven. Just keep playing that for me, sister. Bow your heads with me, friends around the church today. Oh Lord God, you've forgiven us of so much. You've set us on high. Lord, we want to lift you up high today. It's been a grand day, Lord. I I was so enjoying, Lord, the confirmations to my heart as I heard brother Jason in his class today. So many points I thought, wow, what a foundation to launch from. Lord, it thrills our hearts to know what you've done in this hour, and we want to be a part of it. Lord, I want to be a part of it. I want to lift you up out of history. I want to lift you up to the world this one last time. Time will go on, Lord. The bride will be taken home. The dead in Christ will rise for hundreds of years. She'll stand among us. We which are alive and remain will be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. We'll be c we'll be caught up together. We'll have a little time of fellowship. Prophet said a month or so. They were 40 days, Lord, after you raised from the grave. And we often look at that time, a month or so, 30, 40 days, somewhere in that area where Lord, we're going to we're going to embrace one another all down through the ages. Wow, what a what a reuniting. What a time, oh God. Oh, today, Father, we can come together and we we enjoy one another's fellowship. just this little mly crew here today around the world. Just little assemblies everywhere. But but we're one voice of the lamb of God, the bride, the queen of Christ. Oh master, help us today. Help us today, Lord God, to realize our calling and our position. Let us make it sure, Lord. Don't let it be. Don't let it be that some would miss it. Don't let that be. Father, I commit this service into your hands today. The the regular assembly here, visitors among us, those streaming, those who are away who'll get it later perhaps on an archive. Lord, let it become a living reality to us. Oh, I've so enjoyed, Lord, these last couple of days thinking about this, actually a week almost probably three or four days pondering this thought, adding a little here, a little there. Oh, master, how good it was to study it. How good it felt, Lord, to have you come and just say, say this here and say that there, and put this right here, and bring that down right here, and bring up this scripture and pull in this quote, and say it like this. No, God, I stand here today, my heart full of rejoicing, full of rejoicing because I I sense that the people have believed your word, Lord, I sense a great spirit of welcome to your word today. Now I commit it into your hands, Father, in Jesus name. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. Oh, by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Oh, I for once again [Music] from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Oh, he has forgive. One more time. Let's sing it. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his [Applause] [Music] blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgive me. He has for me my sins [Music] of the lamb of God. [Music] [Applause] for him to us [Music] from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Oh king, God bless you, friend. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Sing it one more time. Oh, my sins have been washed from his by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his glory. By the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. By the blood of the lamb of Calary, he has for me. [Music] [Applause] from this By the blood of the lamb of Cal for him. [Music] What will it be when we get over yonder? [Music] Enjoy the throne beyond the glassy sea [Music] ones and crown Christ forever. This is what heaven means to me. [Music] Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glazing sea [Music] to greet our love and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] What will it be when we eat over yonder [Music] and join the throne upon the glassy sea [Music] to greet our love ones and crown Christ forever. ever. [Music] This This is just what heaven means to me. Oh, see what will it be when we get over yonder [Music] and join the throne upon the glassy sea to greet a loved one and conce. last forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] 23. [Music] Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder and join the thr upon the glass sea [Music] to join our love ones and crown Christ forever. forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder [Music] and join the thr upon the glass sea [Music] to greet our love ones and crown Christ forever. forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Play it now. [Music]
