################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-05 - 230405 - Brad Younce Speak and It Will Come to Pass - Brad Younce.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-05
Title:   230405 - Brad Younce: Speak and It Will Come to Pass
Speaker: Brad Younce
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6JH2s5Fr5o
========================================

Description:
Brother Brad Younce ministers the Wednesday Evening service "Speak and It Will Come to Pass" on April 5th 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. More that I surrender. More than I surrender. The lighter my love. The more that I release my hand, the more it takes control. [Music] The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. more. Brother Luther, if you come, the more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I like, the more he [Applause] [Music] myself, the more he lifts me up and every day I Lord I love you Oh, more than I surrender, more than I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my king, the more he takes control. The more that I humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love the Lord. Amen. That's the desire of my heart. Desire of your heart today. One of the days he'll lift you all the way out. Just like Enoch. just a little bit off the ground and before you know it the day we've all been hungering and thirsting for. We look what it'll be like. We'll know then as we are known. Amen. Praise the Lord. What a great word of God. What a great God we have. Amen. You have a request upon your heart. Amen. Amen. God knows that. God knows that and I take comfort in that because I have requests that I can't make come to pass. That's what makes him wonderful. Let's pray. Father, I love you and I praise you, Jesus. Though I stumble, though I fall, your love still holds true, Father. Lord, it's not cuz I hang on, but because you hung on. You took my sins, past, present, and future and took them to that cross. I thank you for that, Lord. I pray that you bless these people, your children. Lord, I I love him as you love him, Father, and I humble myself before you. Help me, Lord, to be what you would have me to be. Help me to fulfill the plan that you had before the foundation of the world that this old man would live out for you, Father. And Lord, as we collect the tithes and offerings this evening, magnify it for your kingdom. Bless the cheerful giver, Father. Bless those that are streaming. Lord, I come this evening, Father, to receive from you, from your word. Regardless of who would stand here and minister it, Father, I believe with all my heart you have something for me because I'm hungering and thirsting and you said I would be filled. Bless your people now. Continue to bless the song service. Song leader, have your way tonight, Father, I pray. Let your Holy Spirit sweep through our hearts, sweep through this place. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. [Music] Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that he's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace brought us through for his high heaven. [Music] Father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Let's give the Lord a wave offer and sing. Oh, think about his love. Yes. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace [Music] that he's brought us through. Oh, high is the heavens above. [Music] Great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Sing, think about it. Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace [Music] that he brought through. For as high as the heavens above, [Music] great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Great is the measure of Let's sing one more time in the worship. Oh, sing. Think about love. Oh, think about his goodness. [Applause] Think about his grace that he's brought us through. Oh, as high as the heavens above. Great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. How many can testify that the father's love is just so awesome? Amen. Amen. I want to sing a little bit. How great is our God? Amen. [Music] I need y'all help tonight. Amen. Amen. I see all y'all smiling faces out. Are y'all happy to be here like I am? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. He done so many things for us. Amen. The splender of a king [Music] clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. [Music] Darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great. How great is our God. [Music] age to age he stands. [Music] Time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. God are one. He is the one hand. He's the lion and the lamb. Lion and the lamb sing. Oh, is our God see how great is our God and all see how great how great is our God. How great is our God sing how great. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit. My God [Music] is our God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My heart will see how great is our God. How great is our God? How great [Music] is our God? How great is our God? All the single [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] One more time. How great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great. How great is our God. [Music] [Applause] Y'all may wonder why I sing that song so much. It's not that it's my theme song. It's that when we're pressing on, Amen. and we're going through trials and tribulations and heartaches, we can praise our God. Amen. We can declare that he is the great. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Sister Deb, if you give us a song, you may be seated. [Music] There's a light in my soul. It never dies. It won't grow cold. I know it's you shineing through. No matter the storm [Music] that I come to, [Music] I'm anchored there and holding fast. [Music] And when the painful times are passed, you're the only thing that ever last. [Music] I will praise you in the night. [Music] I will praise you all day through. And when the enemy should rise and the storms surround my life, I will praise you then too. Love lifted me. I was blind, but now I see. You gave your life as a gift and you're the reason why I live. Sometimes my faith just seems so small, but you always catch me when I fall. [Music] I'm your greatest miracle of all. I will praise you in the night. [Music] I will praise you all day through. And when the enemy should rise and the storms surround my life, I will praise you then too. Sometimes the storm is long and it feels like you're gone. And I wonder if I'll make it home. [Music] And I remember Lord, you never left me alone. And I praise you then, too. [Music] I will praise you in the night. I will praise you all day through. And when the enemy should rise and the storms surround my life, I will praise you then too. And even if I had to die, I would gladly give my life. And I would praise you then, too. I would praise you then, too. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many ready for the word? Amen. Let us stand and we will sing. I give you my heart. This is my desire. How many have that desire? Amen. This is my desire [Music] to honor you, [Music] Lord. With all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. [Music] All that I adore is you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Say this is my desire. [Music] Lord with all my heart I will worship you. [Music] Sing all I have within me. All I have. Oh, I give you praise. [Applause] Oh, I know. [Music] I give my heart my heart [Music] for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way with me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I [Music] Is that truly your desire for God to have his way in you? Amen. It's mine for sure. Well, we're here. Y'all happy to be in church? Felt like the the devil knew before I I knew I was up here tonight. It's been a rough three days. But despite that, we're here to stomp on him. He may get us down, but we're not defeated. We might be down, but we're never out. I don't think he likes what what I'm going to preach on tonight. But we don't care. We're We're going to do it anyway. We can sick them. That's what amen does to a preacher. It's like saying sick them to a dog. Amen. Don't be afraid. [Music] Young people, I want to hear some amens. All right. Don't leave it up to us old people. It's y'all's time to help us. Help us out. Sometimes a preacher gets preached and they step on our toes and we can't quite say amen. But y'all blurt it out and make us feel bad. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to Mark chapter 11. [Music] verse 22- 24. And Jesus answered and saith unto them, "Have faith in God." Amen. For verily I say unto you, that who whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and ye shall have them. Amen. Let's let's go to him in prayer. Father, we always want to first thank you for the opportunity we have to come in this house, Lord. Father, I just pray, Lord, may your spirit would just come and may you just anoint the servant here, Lord. Father, I'm nobody, but God, you're somebody. Hallelujah. We depend upon you to come and speak to us, Lord. Father, I need special needs tonight, God. And Lord, I I come here even though I might be the one speaking, I'll be preaching to myself as well. Father, anoint their ears, Lord, to receive what's being placed before them. Father, we come hungry tonight. Lord, we come to the table and it's spread and it's ready for us to pull ourselves up and start eating. Lord, we place this service into your hands. Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. for a uh title this evening. I want to speak on speak and it'll come to pass. You know, this story right here take place and some of the young people found out last week as we was going through the uh the final week of Jesus leading up to the crucifixion that this scripture right here took place on a Monday and a Tuesday. We know on Monday Jesus was hungry. So he's headed into the city and he's seen this fig tree and there was no fruit on it. So all he does he just he just cursed it. He's he seemed to be kind of aggravated that there was nothing there to eat. Jesus as a man. We find out this he went into the temple that same day and he started throwing making him a whip and started whooping the people. Whipping them people out of the church for your selling. Don't worry, I ain't got a whip tonight. And I'm not going to whip none of these out of here. But they somebody I think one of the young people I can't remember it might have been I don't know if it was brother Joe or somebody made a comment saying can you imagine all these people sitting over watching Jesus braid that whip and just sitting there looking at him like you're fixing to get it. Was that you sister Sharon? Can you imagine him looking at Jesus and says what is he going to do with that thing? And Jesus sitting there just looking at him like I'm coming after you. That's not the title. I just thought that when I read that. But the next day, you know, Peter noticed that the tree was dead. So, what happened to that tree? So Jesus just turns around and he just says, "Have faith in God." You know, Hebrews 11:1 that faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. So what are you hoping for? You will see your faith will bring down a promise. Jesus just turns and says, "Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you that whosoever thou say unto this mountain, which is the Mount of Olives, and be thou removed, be thou cast into the sea, which is the Sea of Galilee," it was many miles away. They were sitting there like Mount of the Mount of Olives is just right here over Jerusalem. But Jesus said, "If you have the faith, you can speak to that mountain and that mountain can just be picked up right out of the ground and dropped into the sea." Amen. And you shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that these those things which he saith shall come to pass. And he shall have whatsoever he saith. The passive power of the spoken word. You We're living in the age of the spoken word. Brother said in life Jesus said have faith in God for if you would say to this mountain be moved don't doubt but believe that what ye say shall come to pass you shall have what you say when you pray believe amen that you receive what you ask for and you shall have it he says I he says see we after receiving the spirit of God. And I like the way he he places this. You receive the spirit of God. God made the world out of nothing. It's just his word. He just created it. His word is creation. So he just spoke it. And the word world was created because it was an object in God's mind in his heart. He just spoke it. Hallelujah. And it come into existence. He was a creator. Then if we have Zoey, God's life in us, we become sons of God, amateur creators. Cuz he said, "Whatsoever you say, believe that what you say shall you shall have." Amen. We can leave right now. and take that quote right there and just be victorious. And brother says, I've noticed that a lot of times I'd say things that I couldn't hardly think myself, but I would say it anyhow. And I come to find out it did happen just that way. I'd say things I didn't hardly mean for it to happen that way, but it did anyhow because I had said it. He says, "I saw, wait a minute, you see when we speak something, if something is anchored to us, we shouldn't." He says, "You should never speak it till you believe it." Then when we believe it, we speak it. And that creative word goes out. It's a part of God and it creates. Hallelujah. That same voice that stood back there in the eternities and said, "Let there be light is that same one is down on the inside of you tonight." When it speaks, something is going to happen. Hallelujah. Just say here, the anointing It finally got here. I was back in the back office said, "Lord, where you at?" Because a lot of times he'll just he'll still show up back here. I'm going. You said you'd be there. So whatever you're say, you have a sickness, say, "I'm healed." Amen. You need deliverance of something, just say it. You have a financial need, just say it. That's right. Amen. Do we ever believe that? Do you believe if you have a bill you're supposed to pay tomorrow and there's no money, can you have the faith to say, "I'm going to write a check on that." I tried that one time. I didn't have enough faith. That check bounced everywhere. But if you have that kind of faith that whatever you say will come to pass, it don't matter if it is electric bill you got due tomorrow. We got to have that. I'm preaching to myself. We got to have that. I don't have electric bill due tomorrow, but but whatever it is, what do you have need of? Just say it. Speak. And it was going to come to pass. We sitting around. Why cry? That's what God told Moses. What are you doing crying up here for? Speak. That's what Moses did. He spoke and the Red Sea opened up. Joshua was in a battle. He He knew it was getting close to dark. He knew if if it got dark, the the enemy will they'll regroup and be stronger in the morning. So all all he did was say, "Son, stand still. Moon stand still and it did it." That was a man without the Holy Ghost. What would it be if each one of us with the Holy Ghost? What could we say? Amen. What can we say will happen? Jesus is saying, "Ask me for big things." Amen. A mountain's a pretty big thing. So if you got a mountain standing in your way, go ahead and speak it. Have the faith of God. Our faith won't move nothing. That's right. Our own faith can't even heal a toothache. I've tried. It didn't work. Tylenol and ibuprofen did until you started believing. You started speaking and healing came forth. Brother says, "Don't never be afraid to ask for big things." God just wants you to. He wants you to ask big things. He don't want you to be a little petty and juvenile. He wants you to ask big things that your joys may be full. Are you down a little low on joy tonight? God, I need it. I'm speaking it. Restore them joy of my salvation. Oh, but we live so far beneath our privileges. We The Bible's so full of promises. Promises of healing, promise of deliverance, promises of salvation. But we're not going to receive anything. We just come to church. Come on, have our arms folded. folded sit down says, "I've had a rough day, God. Preacher, bless me." That's what we've done. That's what we've done. Each one of us has come in here like that. We're so tired. We expect the preacher to do all the work. Guilty. Hallelujah. But it's all we do. Just sit around and cry. God don't love me. Oh, pitiful. That's pitiful. How you say God don't love you for what he had done for you. Step down out of throne of glory to come upon earth for you. God don't love me. That should even be in our vocabulary. Hallelujah. We just can't sit here expect God to just drop it into your laps. God, you know what I have need of. Yes, he does. Amen. Amen. But he might just be waiting for you to ask. Whatever you have need of, ask it. God wants to give you the desire of your heart. All you got to do is just open up to him. Amen. It's hard to do. You're a special people. That's right. For ordained. God chose you over the Baptist. Hallelujah. God chose you over the Catholics. God even chose you over some so-called message people. You're a special breed. So what's God going to give you just because you are special? He wants you to open up to him. Psalms 81:10 says, "I am the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt. Open thy mouth wide and I will fill it." Amen. Amen. God's telling the church, "I brought you out of Egypt. I'm the one that did it. It wasn't Moses. Moses by itself couldn't do nothing. [Music] It ain't your pastor. It's not me or the rest of these little brothers. We can't fill it up. It only takes God to do that for you. So just open up your mouth. What do you have need of?" It's like a little bird in a nest. Yeah. Mother bird goes there and picks up a worm, flies over the nest. All them little mouths. You know, whoever's got their mouth open is going to get the worm. Whoever's got your mouth open tonight, God's going to come and feel it. That's right. Lord have mercy. We can preach on that for a while. That's what we need to do today. you come to church, just open up your mouth. God says, "I'll give you what you have need of." You know, when you feed your babies, the only way you get them to open their mouth to act like it's an airplane all their mouth just open up. That's what God's doing when he sends a preacher up here. We got We got a spoonful of stuff. We're going through the building. Open up. Hallelujah. God sweeping through the building says, "Open your mouth. I want to give you what you have need of. Open your mouth. Say, Lord, I need healing. Lord, I need deliverance." Glory to God. John 14:12, verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do. Whatsoever ye ask in my name, Amen. Amen. I might do it. No, don't say that. Whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do. Amen. You got a lost family member. Come on. If you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it. It don't matter what it is. It don't matter how big and how small you think it is. Nothing's too great for my God. Hallelujah. If ye abide, John 15:7, if ye abide in me, secret, and my words abide in you, not everybody's like this. People come to church, a lot There's a lot of people not like that. Right. If ye abide in me and I abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you. Hallelujah. John 16:23, in that day you shall ask me nothing, for verily, verily, I say unto you, whatsoever you shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it to you. Amen. Amen. Hither too have you asked nothing in my name. Just ask and you shall receive that your joys may be full in the na in his name. Anything can happen. We know. We know what happens when his name spoke. What happened to John the Baptist? I love that. I I'll miss every time I preach. Dead in a womb. But when Mary came and spoke the name Jesus, the first time his name was mentioned, a dead baby who I should say a baby who had been dead came to life. That was like we were. Amen. We might have been on some barroom somewhere. We might have been surfing some ocean somewhere. I don't have to say no names. You might even be sitting in a church pew. Dead. Dead man walking. They make these movies about dead men walking. I'm looking at some original dead men walking. You were walking dead men. But one day you heard the name Jesus Christ. What happened next? Life was spoken to you. Hallelujah. Lord, what's the brother? Say, "What's the matter with Christian? We're just wishy-washy, half jellyfish." Get a backbone in you and stand up for God and watch right. Stand for what the Bible says and believe it with all your heart in that name of Jesus Christ. It brought life to a dead baby the first time it was ever spoken. It ought to heal every sick person. Every person is bound by the devil. That's right. Just speak in his name. So what do you have need of in the name of Jesus? He gives us the scripture. Ask anything in my name and he's going to do it. Speak his name over your family. Speak his name over that depression demon. Speak his name over that homosexual demon. Speak his name over that suicidal demon. Speak the name Jesus Christ and watch what happens. Every demon of hell is defeated. How many hates him? Just two of you. Hallelujah. God just wants you to ask. He's just waiting on it. Ephesians 3:16 that he would grant you according to the riches which is abundance of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit holy ghost in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that ye being rooted and grounded that's our foundation and it's stable grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, the length, the depth, and the height. We're talking about the love of God. Together with all of God's people may have the power to understand how broad and how long and how high and how deep is the love of God. and to know that the love of Christ which passes knowledge that ye might be filled with all fullness of God. Fill up. It's abundance. Remember that word abundance. That's what the fullness is. He wants us to have to know that he has an abundance of joy, abundance of peace, abundance of grace, abundance of life, on and on and on. But just to know that God's love goes past just knowing him. Just to be filled with the fullness of God, cuz greater is he that is in you. Want to quote? Okay. So he that's in you is greater than he that's in the world. God in you like he was Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, we've heard this. We've heard this over and over. All that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he's poured it into the church. What's that make you not co-equal with God? That gives us right to say whatever we want, speak whatever we want. It's going to come to pass. And when he spoke, it was God speaking through human lips. No one obeyed him. Hallelujah. Cuz he said that to Lazarus after being dead and stink in four days. His face and nose that fell in. Lazarus, come forth. I always love it. Brother said, "If he hadn't spoke the name Lazarus, every person that died from beginning of creation till then would have got up out of the grave." When he comes forth the resurrection, rapture morning, he's only going to say one name. It's not going to be Chris or Steve or it's going to be bride. And everybody's bride. It don't matter if you were dead, you're raising up. We alive and remain. We shall call our own bodies from the dust of the earth. That's a spoken word. Ephesians 3:20. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundant beyond measure. That's abundantly beyond measure you have an advantage. Glory to God. exceeding abundant above, exceeding some number or measure. Over and above. While you're looking at scripture, just think of this. Over and above, superior, extraordinary, surpassing, uncommon, super abundant. He's just not simply able to do whatever we need for him to do. But he is more than able to a very great degree overflowing excessively. Amen. He is able to go profoundly above even our highest expectations. Amen. If we pray in faith, in his will, yielded to his power. So it's never too big to ask of him. Amen. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundant above all that we ask. That's right. Amen. To ask simple to think. Glory to perceive with the mind. to understand, to have understanding, to think upon, ponder, or consider. Isaiah 65:24 said, "It shall come to pass that before they call, I will answer." And while they are yet speaking, I will hear. That's right. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundant above all that we ask or think according to the power. Amen. Strength. Ability. You got ability. I love this one. Power for performing miracles. Amen. Above all that we ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. Amen. I'm going to say it again. In us we have powers to perform miracles. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Right. When God has given us abundant, exceedingly abundant blessings, still we ask for more, and he's able to give it or do for us for whatever we ask, but we may think of more even than we have asked. We may think of more even than what we have asked. And he is able to do this also. Whatever you ask or think, he will do it. Hallelujah. Amen. He is able to do much more than we all ask or even imagine. Amen. Is this okay? I'm easy on the video, people. I'm not moving. It's him in us. His power working in us able to do much more than what we asked for. Are we getting it or think of? So what is that power in you? It's the power of the Holy Ghost. God living in your hearts. So whatever you say it's going to come to pass according to the power that workketh in us. Meaning that the spirit of God who is the finger and power of God who begins and carry on will finish the work in you. 1 Corinthians 2:9 says, "But it is written, eyes have not seen, nor ears have heard, neither have entered the heart of man the things which God has prepared for them that love him." We can be like Elisha, you know, he wanted the double portion when it come time across the Jordan River. He said, "I Elijah said, "You stay here." Nope. I'm going with you. What would have happened if Elisha just stayed over there? He just been a normal prophet, but he had enough to know I've got to go over with you. So, I'm going with you. What do you want, Elisha? I want a double portion of your spirit. What do you want, Brother Luther? You want I want a You want a double portion of his spirit. I do. Amen. Okay. If you see me when I go up, it'll be so. Here goes Elijah. I see you. Down comes the mantel. G. Elisha goes over and picks it up, puts it on. Don't feel no different. I'm just wearing Elijah's coat. But he knew the difference when he got back down to the Jordan River. How am I going to cross that thing? He just takes it back off and says, "Where is the God of Elijah?" and smoke it and the Jordan opened up. You got a Jordan in front of you. Hallelujah. Don't be afraid. James 4:2 says, "Ye lust and have not. You kill, desire to have, and can obtain. You fight in war, yet you have not because you ask not." That's just simple. Yeah, you ask and receive not because you ask a miss. He just tells him you don't get it because you don't ask. But when you do ask, you ask a miss. Lord, give me a million dollars. I think that's asking a miss. Glory. First John 5:14. And this is a confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will. Yes. Amen. Right? He will hear us. Amen. Hallelujah. And if we know that he hears us and whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him. That's how important you are. That's why you could ask for big things. I love this. I think I've probably read it before. Lamb's book of life. This is why you're special. Jesus was slain before the world even had the first speck of dirt laid on it. Jesus was already slain. Why? Because God, he said, "Here it is." God by fornowledge when he was in he was the word in the beginning, he perceived a thought and when he has spoke it and said it shall be, Jesus was slain. The very minute God spoke the word. Jesus not was slain on Friday. Good Friday. Amen. He was slain before the foundation of the world. 4,000 years later, he came and paid that price. Hallelujah. That God already back there by his word. He had to come. All devils in hell couldn't keep him from coming. God had already spoke it. Right. So when God spoke your name before the foundation of the world, he wrote your name right beside Jesus's name. Oh, we're doing good. From before the foundation of the world, God wrote your name in the Lamb's Book of Life, and all the devils out of hell can't erase it. God's word had done spoke it. That's right. Why do we walk around with our heads down when a God could speak and create all that out there? Yeah. Light years and how many far how many millions and trillions and zillions or whatever does it go out there stars that God with the spoken word created it. Amen. And we walk around with our head down. my knee. God, there's no way. Lord have mercy on us all. You were here before there was a devil. We believe it. I know. We'll be here when he's gone. Amen. Hallelujah. You have firstborn privileges. Hebrews 12:22. But ye can come into Mount Zion to the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, to God the judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect. You sit here tonight with the same rights as Jesus Christ. Do we have the faith? Firstborn rights. We're not stepchildren. Amen. We're not little redheaded stepchildren. You know, I'm going to beat you like a little redheaded stepchild. We're not that. We are the children of God. Whatever we say is gonna happen. Hallelujah. Are you getting it? Cuz you know when you got saved and got the Holy Ghost, God gave you a checkbook, right? I like checkbooks. When God saves a man, he gives him a whole big checkbook. At the bottom, it's got everything. The name of Jesus. Hallelujah. It's got At the bottom, it's got everything. The name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Why didn't I see that before? Glory to God. So, that's when you say, "Whatever you ask in my name, I'm going to do it." Abraham's seed believes that. Yes. Amen. Are we Abraham's seed? Do you believe that? Yes, sir. Hallelujah. The deposit's already made. It's in the bank. Hallelujah. Christ was the one that put the deposit there. The deposit's in the bank. Then don't be afraid to write out a check. Amen. The bank will pay it off. The bank of heaven will pay off every check. Yeah. Yes, sir. He says, "Hallelujah." Mark 11:24 says, "Therefore, I say unto you, what things soever ye desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and ye shall have them." What do you have need of? You can say a bunch of I can stand here and say all kinds, but only you know what you have need of. How can we get it across? I'm speaking to myself. How can I ever trust a God when I don't want to put his actions into work? Say, God, I need this. Boom. There it is. We should have the faith to go speak a world into existence and go live on it. If God gave us that power, this church would be empty tonight. Be honest. Brother Joe's the only honest one here. Don't you like nobody here, Brother Joe? Brother Brandon was warned that a trap was going to be set for him. We know the story where God warned him there's a trap set for you. You need to be careful. So, Brother Ram just tells everybody, "There's a trap set for me." He didn't realize there's going to be two young people sitting on the front row, kissing and doing whatever the hell they doing. And brother Ram kept saying to him, "You need to stop that. You need to be reverent. You're in the house of God." They just kept on doing it. And God just spoke to brother Bra says, "Whatever you say will come to pass. Blindness, they could die, be crippled, or whatever. Whatever you say, Brother Brandham, is what's going to happen." Abraham said, he says, "Something said to me, say what you will and it'll be done." I stood there. Something said, "Say blindness, it'll be blind. Say death and they'll pack them out. Say what you will." He says, "I couldn't speak. I couldn't move. It just left. I thought, God, what must I do?" And I turned and he stood there, his face white, talking to the boy, looking at me. Then I turned and looked at him before I knowed what I said. I said, 'I forgive you of your act. And it must have been just the right thing to say. It was God trying a reaction on an action that night. He said it was revealed to me that I had said the right thing and I know it was all leading up to something. But what was it? Then he says, "After this, I began to notice the different things that I would speak out unconsciously, not knowing what I said." And it would happen that way. And I begin to speak about it. We've done that. Sure. I'll be getting feeling like I'm getting sick and I'll sit there say, "Devil, I don't have time for that." You go back to bed and you realize, "Oh, I feel pretty good." Simple as that. Just speak it. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You just say it. Whatever you have, whatever you say, I'm going to repeat it. You have a sickness, say, "I'm healed." You're waiting on a report from a doctor. Go ahead and say it tonight. I'm healed. Don't matter what the doctor says. Amen. Hallelujah. You want your family restored? Just say it. Amen. We all have lost loved ones. Amen. Just say it. Glory to God. Cuz Jesus said, "All power of heaven and earth is given to me." So where did it go? All that God was important to Christ. All the Christ was important to the church. So where did that power go? That's right. Brother Ram said in the church age book, don't fear John Little Flock. I I all that I am, you are heir to. All my power is yours. My omnipotence is yours as I stand in your midst. Amen. He said, I have not come to bring fear or failure, but love and courage and ability. All power is given unto me and is yours to use. Amen. Woo. Hallelujah. He said, "You speak the word and I will perform it." Have faith of God. Wow. You speak the word and I will perform it. That is my covenant. It can never fail. Amen. It might look like it. It might look like someday it will fail. Whatever you say. I'm not going to go into this because brother Jason has done a great job at it. Where brother Brown was faced with these opportunities in his life when he spoke squirrels into existence. Where there was nothing, there was a squirrel. Amen. Let there be. Let there be. And there was. It's going to come this way. It was. It's coming this way. And it was him speaking it. I've tried that before. Oh yeah. Amen. It didn't work. But it should if we had that much faith. That's right. We're not supposed to speak squirrels into existence. But I can speak healing to your body. Glory. Woo. Hallelujah. You know, remember the story he was telling us about had he write. Remember I said, "Speak to the mountain." And if you had heard speak to this mountain lately, go listen to it. The only thing I could think it would be this. When God was trying to tell Abraham how he was going to bless him, I said, "It is to be my new ministry. is coming in something greater that he will finally confirm in that little building. If it be that like Abraham vice instead of his son in Genesis it said then when God held his hand from sacrificing his son there was a ram there. Abraham needed something. Yes he did. Abraham spoke of faith. You all stay here. Me and the lad's going up and me and the lad are going to return. He spoke it, didn't he? I'm going to go to church tonight. I have a need and God's going to going to do it and I'm going to walk back out of there with that need gone with God fulfilling whatever he said he's going to do. Wow. You said, "Well, how'd that ram get up there? A wild beast would have killed it. Where'd it come from? He said that's the reason Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra. The Lord will provide himself a sacrifice. He is able to speak it into existence. Then that same Jehovah Gyra, I was in need of a squirrel one time. The same as he was in need of a ram. And I believe Jehovah Gyra placed it right there by the same spoken word. It wasn't me anyhow because I didn't I didn't even know what I was saying. He said it himself. And little Hattie said the right word. She said there's no that's nothing but the truth. The atmosphere changed. That room felt like it was coming apart. And the Holy Spirit, the same voice that spoke about the squirrels and said, "Give her what she asked for." Sister Haddie as a witness before God, this is it. If there if there is a any doubt in your mind, you ask what you want to. And if and see if it ain't laid in your lap, he says, "I'd be a false prophet if it don't happen." Amen. Ask for anything. You're poor. Your sister's crippled. Your father mother's old. Ask what you want. Whatever you ask for, Sister Hadtie. See now if it happens or not right now cuz he has just told me the same voice. Give her what she asked for. And she looked around and said, "What shall I ask for, brother Brandham? What?" Say what your desire is. Think of your greatest desire and say it. He said her boys were snickering in a corner and laughing. She said, "The greatest desire that I have is the salvation of my two boys and he says, I give them to you in the name of Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. Another place he said that she said that's nothing but the truth. She had said the right thing. Here's my Bible. As a servant of God, I say this. I can hardly hear it. Her mother was trying to say something, but I didn't get it. Just as she had said, she had said the right thing, the spirit of the Lord said to me, "Tell her to ask what she will, and you'll give it to her." He said that room everything everybody felt strange. I said sister thus sayaith the Lord speak anything that you desire. I don't care what it is. If you want to know that God's give this ministry and speak anything that you desire. Thus sayith the Lord. If you'll speak it I will speak it behind you and you'll have it right here. Amen. She said, "Brother Brandon, what shall I say?" He says, "It's up to you." As we tell her again, you got a crippled sister, aged father, you're poor. You could ask for money. She could ask for a million dollars. It been right there, right then. And she just said, "I want the salvation of my two boys." And I said, "You have it in the name of the Lord." And these two little modern teenage sticker fist boys, they had hated the very cause of Christ, grabbed one another and began to scream the blessings of God. The power of God struck that place. He said gramps fell into his plate. I don't know what happened for about 10 minutes. Maybe we need to get beside of oursel. We So we won't know what happens goes going on for the next 10 minutes. whatever we're going to say will happen. He says, "Friend, do you realize what that was? I have never in my life felt such an anointing." And he says, "The first time it ever performed on a human being, it bypassed aristocrats. It bypassed everything else and went to a poor little old widow woman living up on a hill cuz God knowed what she'd asked for. Amen. God bypass presidents, congressmen, leaders of the of the area to come to you. Amen. whatsoever ye ask for her two boys were was Gloria saved the very minute it was spoken. I like what people says them boys ain't living right. It don't matter. It don't matter cuz the word had done gone out. Amen. A word had been spoken. Anything she would ask for, it would have been given to her. Ask anything that you will and it shall be given unto you. Anything you desire. Don't you see the words of Jesus Christ being fulfilled? It's going to come to pass pretty soon. And I'm looking for it to happen in this meeting. I'm wanting it to happen now. How many wants it to happen now? Amen. That that anointing will strike this church of the living God. And she'll rise to her feet like a mighty marching army. The sick will be healed by the word. The blind will see. The deaf will hear. The dead will be raised up. And the power of God will shake the world with the church of the living God. God's going to shake this world with you. Now, you can see the saying about the apostles. They turn the world upside down. Amen. I'm ready to turn the world upside down. I'm ready to shake this world. We're in the process of it now. He says, "I believe it's soon coming to pass, and I believe it will be just exactly that way. I believe it's going to strike the church." There's your dynamics, striking the mechanics. I believe it's going to strike the church of God soon. It's going to start a revival that's going to shake the world. He says, "I believe it." So, this is the age that you're living in. Yeah. We're living in the age of the spoken word. Hallelujah. Let's stand. It all goes with your attitude. Brett said, "Look, musicians come the right mental attitude towards any divine promise of God will bring it to pass." Can you understand what I mean? The right mental attitude towards any divine promise of God will bring it to pass. If you'll take the right mental attitude towards every anything that God has promised, God's under obligation to see that you get it all because he promised it. Hallelujah. We're living in that age. We're in the age of the spoken word. Speak and it's going to come to pass. So, what's your need tonight? Amen. Every one of us has a need. Speak to the mountain. You might speak to a mountain. It's in front of you and you don't see nothing happening. But we know right on the other side a pebble started moving. You might realize tomorrow that mountain's gone. Speak to the mountain and cast into the sea. Whatever mountain stand in front of you, cast it into the sea. You need it. You need healing. We all do. [Music] God's here to fulfill his word. [Music] Sing something Tony. [Music] Mercy rero my life. [Music] Mercy [Music] reroll my life. [Applause] [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rolled my life. Oh mercy re roll my life. [Applause] [Music] God's mercy ruled my life. I should have fallen my soul cast down the mercy re my se of mercy mercy rewrite your life my rewrote mine Hallelujah. Oh mercy [Music] roll for his mercy will be tonight. [Music] Oh I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rero my life. [Music] Got some prayer request gather in the front. Yeah. [Music] Sister Jenny Andis off the internet requested prayer. Please pray for me so many needs spiritually, emotionally, financially that God would show me his will in my life. I feel like I'm at the end of my rope. From brother George, prayer request for sister Andrea. not feeling well tonight with sore throat and bodyaches. [Music] I have a request for my niece Ellie. She uh got blood clots in her legs for the last couple days, been in pain and she's expecting a baby next month. Need to keep her in prayer. We need to remember uh I think two of our young kids are going to uh the Louisiana Youth Camp. I think Sister Zoe and Sister Anna have went. We need to pray for that camp. Amen. I've been that camp many times myself. Seven years as a young person, seven years as an adult. It's a good camp. Seen God do many things. God done things in my life there. So, we pray God would change lives. There's kids coming there from all walks of life. Expect God to do wondrous things. I think that was all of them. All you had. Does anybody have anything? Let's all go before him. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we just come before you. Lord, you just told us what we need to do to these requests. Father, Lord, we're here to speak and these things are going to come to pass. Lord, I pray, God, some people's got mountains in their way, Lord. This sister on the internet, Father, these needs that she mentioned, Father, we send the word of God out to her, Lord. Father, may you move upon her request, Lord. Brother George's request, Sister Andrea, home sick, not feeling well, Lord, and in pain. Lord, I just pray, God, may the heal and touch of Jehovah just go there, Lord. May you lift her up, Lord, and heal her from this this problem she's having, Father. Lord, I just pray for my niece, Ellie, Lord. That Lord, you know the cause of the blood clots, Father. The doctor's trying to figure out what they want to do, Lord. Father, may you just go to her right now, God, and may you just touch it. May we hear testimonies in the morning of what you've done, Lord, that you've completely healed them, Lord. Father, the young people that's going to that Louisiana camp, Lord, may you just be with it, Father. Lord, the speakers there, Lord. May you anoint them, Father. May you anoint the kids, Lord. May they not just be going there to see one another, but God, may they be going to get their lives changed, Father. You have something special in store for them, Lord. And we expect to hear great reports from them, Lord. Lord, Brother Michael's wife at home sick, Lord, we pray, God, may you just heal her, Father. Rest of us has needs, Lord. You know what they are, Lord. We just lift up our hands to you, Father, cuz you just said, "Ask anything in your name, and you're going to do it." Father, we're asking you to meet these needs right now, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Anybody got anything to say, testimonies? want to testify that um last Thursday at the men's prayer meeting I'd really just been suffering a lot with the shingles on my head and from that moment when those brothers prayed for me it's just like every day I was getting better and better and better from that I could tell the very next day that I was I was moving up and even the weekend um kind of you know had its effect but right away it began going up again and today this is the first day in probably three weeks I don't remember having one single spasm strike my head. I'm thinking [Applause] um uh as I've testified testified before um a while back I tore my knee up uh going through an attic access and a few months ago brother Matt prayed for me and it totally healed my knee um and then a couple days ago it started hurting again and I've been aching you know trying to hop along to my job and while I was just sitting there about 20 minutes ago he said accept your healing. I said amen and I felt the Lord touch my knee and it's perfectly fine. So [Applause] um just we couldn't find the marriage license me and Esther and we got in the car. I'm like, "Well, let's go look in the shed cuz it's just full of wedding presents and the house has just been piles of stuff that needs to go to Wanda's and Andrea's and all over the place." And I'm like, "I have no idea where it is." And we got in the car and she I said, "Let's" or I she might have suggested, "Let's pray." And she prayed and then we got out on the road and I thought, "I know right where it is." And we went right into the it was in the gift bag from I had taken that special gift out cuz I was worried about it and people kept I'm like that goes to Micah's house. We're shoving stuff in that gift bag and so it just in my head like that and it was right there. So thank God for that. Amen. [Applause] Can I give one for sister Debbie? So week Sunday before last, um she had had a real problem in the upper part of her right leg so bad that at night it was waking her up. Every time she would move it just be excruciating and wake her up all through the night. And uh she came in, we came to the service and after the service I was sitting in my back office and I I heard some ladies come in the door and they were talking and I heard somebody start talking loud. It sound like somebody was praying and I thought, goodness, that sound like brother Joe. And sure enough, brother Joe had walked in the door and sister Debbie was standing there talking to another sister and she had a grimace look on her face and brother Joe just stopped, you know, as a minister would. Sister, are you all right? And she began to tell him, he just said, "Well, let's pray right now." He prayed for her and by the time she got home, it was just gone the next day completely. Not another trace of it. So, we're just thanking the Lord. So, uh, Friday, my wife and I have been talking about upgrading our Expedition because it's old and has like 265,000 miles on it. And so, I um talked to the Lord and I said, "If if you want me to get a new expedition, you're going to have to sell this one today." Okay. So, I took a couple pictures of it, posted on Facebook, and two hours it was gone. I'm still waiting on the new one. So, that's going to be a miracle in itself because I don't have a whole lot of money to buy another one, but the Lord's uh Lord's working something out. I don't know what it is yet. So, we're just waiting on the other half now. [Applause] So, a couple guys I've already kind of told this to, but um talking about kind of the third pole working in action, you know, speaking things into existence, and I know talked really Jason about it. Um, a few weeks ago, I guess a month ago or something, I ripped up the transmission in my truck and it was sent it off, went and got rebuilt and everything. But when I got it back, there's some places that you have to thread some very specific bolts into that are very fragile and you that you need them to drive at all. So when I got the transmission back, the threads on the inside of the transmission were totally totally stripped. So it was just smooth. You couldn't thread anything in there. It's impossible to use it. So I was kind of laying under the truck a little bit, just torn up. And Gideon was inside the house. I was in the garage, but Gideon's in there and I'm all alone. And I said, "Lord, I just I can't do this. I have nowhere else to do. I can't redo my threads. I can't fix them few different ways. You know, I there's no other way to do it. So, I need you to rebuild my threads. So, it's silly to some people, but to me it was just awesome that I was laying under there and I said it and it wasn't like a big rushing feeling like, oh, it did it. But I get out and it's like it's not based off of uh it's not based off feeling, it's based off your faith. So I held the faith on it and walked inside and told Gideon kind of what I was feeling and just was really bummed out. But standing at the sink, he was Gideon was to my back and I turned around to him and I said, "Hey, God just rebuilt my threads just now." And I didn't touch those bolts. They weren't tight, nothing. I haven't touched them since and they work 100%. So, it was the transmission lines. So, without those being threaded in, it wouldn't work whatsoever. So, they're totally rebuilt. And that bolt is tight. So, and it's Yeah, it's pushing 100 and something PSI through a tiny little line. So, it's really tight. So, praise the Lord. This is this is for my wife. Um because I know that this church we pray about things getting lost all the time. Okay. Um for Christmas, I got my wife a pair of earpods that have built-in tile so we can track them. Okay. So, we didn't know when we activated them that you have to activate each one individually. So, we were getting ready for the wedding and my wife was out blowing leaves and she texts me. She goes, "Michael, I've lost one of my earpods." I'm like, "Well, it's got tile. Just search for it. It'll take you right there to it." She says, "Michael, it's the right one. It says the right one's not activated. And she says, "I've been out here for an hour blowing leaves. I have no idea where this is at." So, I'm like, "I'll be right out." So, I go out and we're looking around the yard and I, you know, my yard is okay in size and and all, but to try to find a little quartersiz object in my front yard, it would be a little difficult. So I um I'm like this church prays about missing things all the time. So let's just pray about it. And my wife and I stopped right there in the driveway and I said, this is one of two prayers that the Lord answered for me for this wedding. One of three, actually. Um and I said, Lord, I said, we can look all day, but that's just us. We have no idea where we're looking or what to look for. So, what I need, Lord, is you would come down and allow your angel to just point us to where we need to go and do it in less than 30 minutes. [Music] And and just a simple prayer like that, we said, "Amen." I went inside. 18 minutes later, my wife sends me a picture of her ear pod. Right. 30 minutes is all I asked for and he did it in 18. So he answers prayer. So I'm going to do a trifecta tonight. So I had um lost the garage door opener, the the little device you hold, and I was needing to program um my new truck, and I couldn't find it anywhere. and is like having a nervous breakdown because I don't lose things. It's like how is this impossible? And and and I had looked in this big box of stuff where I thought autopilot would put it and and I thought, "Okay, it's got to be right there." And I looked and I looked and it wasn't there. And I couldn't see it. I couldn't find it all. Of course, that doesn't mean a lot when I look for it. So, I got Sister Debbie to come out and look for it. And she looked and when she looks, if it ain't there, it's the gospel. It's not there. And it's and it was not there. And um and I think maybe she did you look once or twice and twice and then I looked like three times. And so it was just nowhere. And I was discouraged and I thought I'm going to have to figure out I'm have to get a number off the machine, order it. How am I going to this? Oh my goodness. And so I just thought to myself, I walked over to the blocks one more time and it's not there. I'm looking right there and I'm just leaping through. There's nothing. It's just not here. This is the fifth or sixth time. And I just said, "Lord, I just need it to be here." And I looked and there it was. Just as soon as I said that, within about one and a half seconds, I said, "Lord, I just needed to be here." And there it was. And I I don't even know what else to say. It was just right there. It was. So, praise the Lord. Anybody else? since it seems to be the night for lost items. I'm giving this for Jessica and by God's grace, she'll be here soon to give her own testimonies. But she has um she lost her car key. She has only one car key that'll crank her car. And actually, that's not true. She has two, but she lost the main one that's programmed and stuff. And she got it back. Well, then she lost um another thing. And right now, I can't even think of what it was. Oh, it was her wallet. and uh she needed her wallet, you know, obviously she you need your wallet, but she needed it specifically right away. And um she called me and she's like, "Mom, will you pray?" And I reminded her of all the things that she prayed about that God has been so good to give her back. And she's like, "I know, but" and she kind of knew where she lost it. She, you know, remembered where she had it last and she remembered putting it on the top of the car. Um, and so, you know, usually it's pretty unreoverable. And, um, so we were praying about it and and a few days later, someone knocked on the door and gave her her wallet back. So, she got it back. [Applause] I was just wanting to talk uh uh kind of solidify the testimony that brother Micah gave. Um in case anybody doesn't believe that God can do mechanic work. Um you should listen to the testimony brother Gerald Cleveland. He told he told me personally that in 1963 or 64 he had a busted wheel cylinder and the the brake fluid was just pouring out everywhere and he had to drive across the mountains back down all the way to South Carolina from Indiana. Brother Bam just said a simple prayer and I saw he still had the brake fluid that he bought to try to get him home in around 2002. That was from 63 to 2002. He still had it. He never had to put any in his car. So Amen. [Applause] Been enough testimonies here tonight to give us all faith. No matter what it is you have need of, we should leave this place victorious. Anybody else? [Music] [Music] Is that it? Let's all bow our heads for a word of prayer. She had to get her bladder removed. Bladder cancer. So they removed her bladder. They got put a bag in her train. But she's having complications. She's not coming out well. She's been two weeks now. Supposed to operation and she's still in there. Suffer pretty good. Pray for that request along with sister Kathy. Father, you heard the request for our brother, Lord, this this lady, Lord, needing you. But God, we just pray, Father, may your healing just go to her, Lord. Lord, you're you're the creator of this thing, Lord, and you can fix it and make it like new again. Lord, may you just go to her and touch her. Sister Kathy, Lord, still need a touch from you, Lord. I just pray, God, that you would just move for her, Lord. And may we just be like brother Michael said, "May we'll just see her here Sunday, Father. She's getting so well, Lord. Father, we place this service into your hands, Lord. This thing will go down in the history books, Lord. And Father, we be held responsible for what we heard, Lord. May you move for each person. May you keep them safe as they travel. Bring us back here Sunday morning, Lord, expecting to hear great things from you. Father, we thank you and love you in Jesus name." Amen. Amen. said, "Don't forget the men's prayer meeting tomorrow night at 6:30." That's for every every man, boy 13 and up. 15 and up. I'll send a text to remind you all tomorrow. 13 13 and up. If you miss this, if you miss these meetings, I know everybody can't come to them, but we leave here refreshed every time we come, no matter how many's here, but Tony, sing us something and y'all can be dismissed and fear the Lord me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] Breathe on me. Holy Spirit, breathe on me. [Music] Breathe on me. Holy Spirit, breathe on me [Music] as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Breathe on me, Holy Spirit. Breathe on me. [Music] Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me [Applause] as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me [Music] [Applause] and my name my hand to worship me tonight thy name glory holy Holy Spirit flow through me. [Music] Oh flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. [Music] Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through
