################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-29 - 230129 - Jason Watkins The Time Of The Unsealing Part 3 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-01-29
Title:   230129 - Jason Watkins: The Time Of The Unsealing Part 3
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moLVwJBN-Wg
========================================

[Music] The wonders of your mind [Music] sing. Oh my shelter, tower of reuge, strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all ye. Let us sing power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar and the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hand. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand this morning. Amen. How many come to have church this morning? Amen. Amen. I look across the building. I want to see some smiling faces. Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. It's awesome to have a family. Amen. That we can turn to and pray for. Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of God is good all the time. Amen. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good [Music] all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. If you're walking, if you're walking through the valley and it's shadow all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Cuz his promise never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good. Let's put our hands together all the time. God is good. God is good [Music] all the time. God is good. Sing God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Well, we are sinners so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. Filled us with his holy spirit. Now he's tested by that his love is everlasting and his mercy. Oh, they only burned. God is good. God is good all the time. Put us on his heart of mine. God is good. God is good all the time. Through his darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. Let's give me the key of C. Amen. Sing a little bit of that Calvary. Amen. Years I spent in vanity and pride caring not my Lord was true se no it was for me he died at [Music] free mercy live great and grace was [Music] heart there is blind to me [Music] so mercy mercy mercy mercy till there was great and grace was free and there was motive to me. Oh yeah. My burden found liberty at Calary. Mercy, mercy, mercy. See, there was great and grace. See, there was multiply to me. My burden so found in mercy I got well by God's word at last my sins I learn sing [Music] will till my guilty sin I count the holy sing mercy mercy. See there was great and grace was free. There was multiple [Music] [Applause] mercy there was great and grace was free heart to [Music] The bird is all about. [Music] Now I'm giving Jesus everything. Now I'm gladly owe him as my king. Now my breath soul can only sing of Calvary. Calvary re there was great and grace was free and there was multiply to me. My burden is all about mercy and calary. One must sing word. See there was great and grace was free and there was multiply to me. My bird is softly mercy and cal free. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother Steve, if you come and give us a song. Amen. This this morning. Amen. Let's give brother Steve a hand. [Applause] [Music] I am nothing but an empty shell of a man. I have nothing, no gift I can bring. I want nothing nor desires for lofty life goals but to live in thy presence. Oh king for you are something that satisfies the thirst in the soul. You are something that makes the heart sing. You are someone I desire. The greatest gain I could know. Fill this nothing with your something is my goal. For you are the price my heart striving for. But you paid the price only you could afford. I had nothing to give, but you opened the door. This life I can't live anymore. I lay down my life to live yours. I have no way to see, no way I can go, no step I can take and be sure. [Music] Jesus, guide me in your way and show me what's right. Dwell in me and where you lead, I will go. [Music] For you are the light my heart's striving for. A beam glowing down that will show the way more. I'm weak and I'm blind. Through this darkness can't fall. And I have no light. I need yours. This life I can't live anymore. I lay down my life to live yours. [Music] Empty and broken my life. I surrender now, Lord. [Music] For I receive your token and I see your blood on the door. And this life I can't live anymore. I lay down my life to live yours. [Music] I lay down my life to live yours. Amen. We're going to get brother Ken to give us a song this morning also. Amen. Let's give him a hand. the Lord. That was beautiful. Brother Steve, let's give Brother Steve and the Lord another hand clap of praise. [Applause] Empty and broken. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Great job. [Music] What will it be like when my pain is gone and all the wories of this world just fade away? What will it be like when you call my name? In that moment when I see you face to face. I'm waiting my whole life for that day. And I will live my life to hear you say, "Well done. Well done, my good and faithful one. Welcome to the place where you belong. Well done. Well done, my beloved child. You have run the race and now you're home. [Music] Welcome to the place where you belong. What will it be like when tears are washed away and every broken thing will finally be made whole? What will it be like when I come into your glory? Standing in the presence of a love so beautiful. I'm waiting my whole life for that day. And I will live my life to hear you say, "Well done. Well done, my good and faithful one. Welcome to the place where you belong." Well done. Well done, my beloved child. You have run the race and now you're home. [Music] Welcome to the place where you belong. What will it be like [Music] when I hear that sound? All of heaven's angels crying out, singing, "Holy, holy, [Music] holy are you, Lord." [Music] Sing it. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Sing it. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. waiting my whole life for that day. Until then, I'll live to hear you say, "Well done. Well done, good and faithful one. Welcome to the place where you belong." Well done. Well done, my beloved child. [Music] You have run the race and now you're home. Welcome to the place where you belong. Well done. [Music] Amen. How many's ready for the word this morning? Let us stand as we sing. Worthy is the lamb. Y'all sing with me this morning in worship. Amen. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierce hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace worthy is the lamb. [Music] Seated on the throne. B you now with me ground you raining free high and lift it up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for this cross. [Music] Thank you for this cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. bearing all my sin and shame and love. You came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love. Lord, [Music] thank you for the nar hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and praise. Let's worship the Lord. Stand high. Lift lift it up. Sing Jesus of God. The darling of heaven who see worthy is the lamb. They will worthy [Music] seated on the throne. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Sing it now. Crown you now. Oh yeah. ground. You reign victorious high and lift Jesus God. You're the treasure of the treasure of heaven. Crucified. Worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. Worthy is worthy is the lamb. Morning. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. My wonderful, wonderful worship. Such a wonderful spirit of worship. We so appreciate all of that wonderful singing. Sunday school class. My it's a banner day already. Wow. So, we're looking forward to what God has for us. We want to be in prayer for a number of things today. And uh I want to just bring those requests to you. And uh we want to greet any visitors with us. You're man, good to see you again. Strand with us. If you're here, you're a visitor and I'm missing you. God bless you. We're happy to have you. I want you to feel at home in the camp of the king. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh we want to remember the Demar's family, brokenhearted today at the loss of brother Jason's mother. uh that are all up there and um I think Rachel and Amber end up going too as well. Rachel and Amber um kind of shepherded Sister Amy and the whole family and you know in a in a shock condition like that and so they went up and they're flying home. I think they're flying now, aren't they? Hey, Brother Anthony. So, um just want to be praying for their safe return and the Lord will guide. Brother Jason, he's got a missions trip that's supposed to go um next Friday. We'll just see. It's all in the hands of the Lord. Amen. God's not surprised by anything. And uh we want to also remember the Howell family, brother Joe, Brother Josiah headed up to North Carolina uh for his mother who's not doing well, very uh possibly very near death herself. Sister Denise Panetta wrote in um uh Sister Peggy Whitehead. I had put this in the minister's chat the other day when I got it. um she had she had as actually asked that I post it to the whole church and uh and I'll just uh it's not relevant to the request but I'll just take the opportunity just to mention to you so it's out in the open. And I said it and I've said it to a number of people. The churchwide chat um is mainly for announcements or we have used it and will continue to use it for very urgent critical prayer requests for members, active members or their immediate families. And so so you've seen requests come in for just exactly that. Amen. We had a request just recently uh for sister Phyllis that her sister Susie and I spoke to her on the phone and she uh we prayed with her over the phone and she came through the procedure and so we're just looking for the Lord. Lord's already helped her number of times before and so um so I just explained to uh Sister Denise that I would put it in the ministers chat. I can always do that no matter what it is. But we reserve our Bethl tabernacle chat just a little more narrowly than that. Sister Denise was very thankful to know that and understood it perfectly. But her request was Sister Peggy Whitehead and her family are in need of prayer and so it doesn't say specifically what it is. Um but they're needing prayer. I got a a message from brother uh Mike Alttech uh concerning his condition and um he is needing continued prayer. Amen. Believing that the Lord will do that. We've got a um a a prayer cloth we're going to pray over at the end. So, Brother Luther, you don't let me forget that. I've got it here with me. Uh Brother George also wrote in and asked prayer for Traveling Mercy's for he and Sister Andrea and they went up. his father, George Senior, is having a procedure Wednesday. And so, I'm telling you now because it'll be 7:00 a.m. It'll be already over by the time we assemble for our Wednesday night prayer meeting. So, you just remember, put that on your calendar. Amen. And, uh, we want to remember to pray over those needs. Um, especially for Brother George. We love him and, uh, want to see the Lord bring him right through that. Amen. So, a lot to be in prayer about today. And um but the Lord knows all about it. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. We're going to invite you to the book of Hagi. Just find Malachi and go a couple of books back and you'll run right into him. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Malachi going backwards. Then you'll come all the way through Zechariah and you'll come into Haga. If you hit Zephaniah, you went back too far. Amen. only two chapters so it can be difficult to find. Amen. Praise the Lord. Want to take today by the help of the Lord. Oh yes, that's right. I saw him walking around. Brother George, uh, Brother Tony's, uh, parents are here with us. They're in the back. Amen. We almost ready to call them home, folk. Amen. Amen. So, uh, praise the Lord, George. Happy to have y'all here. My goodness. You're looking fit. you and sister looking fit and in love with the Lord. Praise God. Amen. So, we're happy to have them here today as well. Amen. See, I look right over. People don't even notice. Amen. Hagi chapter 2 um want to continue in part three um of our t of our sermon, the time of the unsealing. Boy, is it going to be hard to uh figure out the order how the Lord wants me to go today. There'll definitely I definitely won't finish. There's numbers of more parts to come. It's a vast subject. Uh but I'm I'm going to try by the help of the Lord and I'm even just as I stand here asking him getting some fresh direction. Hagi chapter 2 verse one. In the seventh month, in the 1 and 12th day of the month, came the word of the Lord by the prophet Hagi, saying, "Speak now to Zerubabel, the son of Sheliel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua, the son of Josec, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying, Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory?" So Solomon built it. It was unbelievable. in its grandeur. The Babylonians sacked it and took all of Israel and all of Judah at a later time completely captive. And they had been as according to Jeremiah's prophecy would be in captivity seven year 70 years. And so now you have Zerubabel and Joshua the high priest bringing back the first uh returnees for the restoration of of Israel. All right. So this is where we're at. God is asking them, did anybody Is there anybody alive there? You know, there wouldn't be many. Is there anybody alive who saw the very first one Solomon built? And there were there were some alive. Um, who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? And how do you see it now? Uh, is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing? See, God was discerning their hearts to say, "Gee, you're the restoration's nothing like we had in the original." And see, I I I really am going to take you on a mind bender today. You're going to see because we we we say, "Oh my, I I want to have the days of the early church, and I want to have the apostles and prophets." And you will and you do and you are. But you know a lot of times we can just read the book of Acts or read uh stories in the letters of the apostles and we if we're not careful we'll get it fixed in our mind that it was this clean aniseptic line of story that just they spoke God moved here happened boom boom boom nothing in between nothing to nothing of real life. It's almost like it's not even real life. But those believers lived real life and you're living real life. And God is trying to say to you, don't get it in your mind fixed that this is going to be some smooth, uninterrupted, non-confusing, will absolutely know exactly what to do. The bride has thus sayith the Lord keep. Well, you're going to get a little bit of a mind vendor today. Amen. All right. Watch. So they're thinking of it as nothing. Verse four. Yet now be strong, O Zerubabel. That was going to be necessary, saith the Lord. And be strong, oh Joshua, son of Josec the high priest. And be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the Lord, and work for I am with you. So I I know the world's going crazy, and I know you didn't expect to still be here, but just keep working. Amen. because he's here among us now according to the word I have covenanted with you when you came out of Egypt in other words nothing about my covenant has changed you don't understand everything that's happening but just know this not one of my words has fell to the ground see so my spirit remainth among you fear ye not for thus sayeth the Lord of hosts yet once it is a little while and I will shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land and I will shake all nations and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this house with glory saith the Lord of hosts. The silver is mine and the gold is mine sayeth the Lord of hosts. The glory of this latter house shall be greater than the former sayaeth the Lord of hosts. I mean, you are, you know, you are going to take a rapture. That first age fell short of that. That's never happened. You're a unique age in a unique time as a unique people. You're you're the only age prophesied. Thus sayith the Lord, you're predestinated to not fall. We're going to take a global rapture in one morning. The whole 2,000 years of saints will come up and we shall be changed. Amen. That's never happened. Amen. So the glory of the latter shall be greater. Verse 10. In the four and 20th day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius came the word of the Lord to h by Hagi the prophet, saying, Thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, ask now the priest concerning the law, saying, now listen close. This is a principle of the end time. Because what I haven't told you yet, I've said it in other sermons. This is the seventh month. This is the time of the of the feast of tabernacles. They This is the feast of trumpets, feast of atonements, feast of tabernacles. It's all coming. The the feast of trumpets start on the first day of that seventh month. The 10th day, the feast of atonement. The 15th day, the feast of tabernacles. And that runs seven days. And then after that is the eighth day, the rest. Because we're in a millennium by then. Right now, you're at the time of the body change. Oh my goodness. You have arrived, friends. Scripture can't fail. We have arrived. Amen. So now everything we're reading should be relevant to you right now. Amen. Verse 11 again. Thus sayith the Lord of hosts, ask now the priest concerning the law, saying, If one bear holy flesh, and the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread or pottage or wine or oil or any meat, shall it be holy? In other words, whatever it touched, shall it be holy? And the priest answered and said, "No." And that they were right. See, so it's not about, this is why we say to young men and young women, don't associate yourself with unbelievers. You wait till somebody's born of the Holy Spirit because you being around them won't cleanse them. What'll end up happening is they'll drag you down. Maybe not on purpose, but they're not born again. So you wait on God. See? Amen. Then said Hagi, if one that is unclean by a dead body uh if one that is unclean by a by a dead body touch any of these shall it be unclean? And the priest answered and said it shall be unclean. So it when you are associated with an unbeliever because light hath no fellowship with darkness then you become unclean in that association. Amen. Now, I'm telling you, this has its most prominent hour right now in time of the Feast of Tabernacles. Amen. Don't be fooled at the la Don't get fooled here at the finish line. Goodness gracious. You young people, you've been raised in a good home. Don't get fooled right here at the finish line. Amen. So, I I want them to be saved. Great. That's awesome. That's a wonderful thing to want. But stay in prayer and wait on God. All you're going to do is run interference on God and get in God's way. I have seen that happen too many times. Then answered Hagi and said, "So is this people, and so is this nation before me, saith the Lord, and so is every work of their hands, and that which they offer there is unclean." See, they were they were they were unclean, trying to come around God. Oh my. And now I pray you consider from this day and upward from before the stone was laid upon a stone in the temple of the Lord since those days were when one came to an heap of 20 measures there were but 10. When one came to the to the press fat for to draw out 50 vessels out of the press there were but 20. So he's he's reminding them the whole reason we went into captivity was because of sin and ungodliness. And do you remember you you old-timers, you remember how that he's saying to those Israelites, you remember back then you you'd go to get 20, you only got half of everything. Why? Because it was God plagging us, correcting us, disciplining us, and we were we weren't catching the message. Amen. And he said, "I smoke you with blasting and with mildew." Said, "I thought the devil did that to me." No, the Lord did it. I smoke you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labors of your hands, yet you turned not to me, sayeth the Lord. Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and 20th day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the Lord's temple was laid, consider it. Is the seed yet in the barn? Yay. Now he's Now he's got them back. Now there's been a restoration. Now they've laid the foundation of the temple. Now God is starting to bless it again. And he's saying they're saying, "Oh, but it's nothing like the original." He's saying, "Hey, are your barns full?" It was no time ago you were a prisoner in Babylon. Yeah. See, is the seed yet in the barn? Yay. As yet the vine and the fig tree and the pomegranate and the olive tree hath not brought forth. From this day will I bless you. Amen. From this day. Now you're restored. Now I will bless you. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You can have your seats. I'm going to continue reading these last three verses. So, please keep that on the screen for me, Eth. And again the word of the Lord came unto Hagi in the 4 and 20th day of the month, saying, now watch, speak to Zerubabel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake heavens and the earth, and I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen. Now, you're reading about the tribulation period after this bride is gone. He's going to shake everything to pieces and destroy kingdoms and nations. See there when you when you read this second chapter of Hagi, he spends the first eight verses in a sec in a section, you know, talking about the restoration of the temple and the lives of the people and the Israel as a nation and we've come back and then then he divides. He starts from the ninth verse going. It almost sounds like a some historians think maybe it's a different writer because it's like dealing it's like wow he took a millennial leap. And so now here he is again and he's went all the way from the time of restoration under Zerubabel and followed by Ezra followed by Nehemiah and now he's he's sent it all the way past Jesus. Remember they asked Jesus on the Mount of Olives, are you now going to fulfill this? Amen. are you now going to restore the kingdom you promised you would? Is this the time? And Jesus is basically saying to them, you know, don't worry about that. Just go serve me. I got a plan. Amen. Uh this is in the father's hands. I just need you to be loyal Christians and serve God and don't doubt the word and just keep going forward. All right. So he says, um, I will overthrow, verse 22, and I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen, and I will overthrow the chariots and those that ride in them, and the horses, and the riders shall come down every one by the sword of his brother. In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubabel, my servant, the son of Sheliel, saith the Lord, and will make thee as a signant, for I have chosen thee, sayeth the Lord of hosts. So, a signate is your identification. It's a it's often a built, you know, molded into clay or something like that. And it was worn in a ring. And every every chieftain, every leader, every rich man had a signant ring so that when there was a document and he put his signate and put it there, you would know that it's verified. It's authentic. It's got his seal. You understand? And so, so, so now he's saying, and by that seal, then you're able to identify that it's Christ. Amen. Because Zerubable here now is in is in the type of Christ. He's a signant. And that's what Jesus was. He was the God's signant ring. And so today when we have a message that comes our way and we say to the world, "This is the true message." And they say, "How do you know?" Because it has the seal of the Holy Ghost. How do you know you're a Christian? Cuz I have a seal of the Holy Ghost. And I'm no longer identified as Jason Watkins. not actually the son of Ed and Jean Watkins. There was another Jason Watkins down on the inside. And I'm identified in Christ. Amen. See, I'm part of the beloved. Hallelujah. So, this is where we have come to. We can see in the prophecy here in Hagi chapter 2. And I and and and I and I I don't want to keep reading. There's a lot more that I that I could go back and have read even in chapter one. But but and even in in Zephaniah prior and Zechariah following it, it's all happening right together. You remember that it's in Zechariah 3 where where where the where Zerubabel's brother uh fellow brother, fellow Israelite is Joshua, the high priest. And you remember he's standing, he's called into uh a court trial. He's called into the presence of God. And the Bible says there in Zechariah 3, I preached on it before that that's the time that Joshua, the high priest, stood before uh the the judge seated on the throne according to Daniel 7. He's seated. Yeah. And and this is the time of the judgment. This is all interplaying with the time of the great judgment. And when he comes before him, Satan's there to accuse him. And remember that that Joshua was in the position not for himself. He was in the position of high priest because God wasn't going to bring all of Israel into the judgment. He only needed to bring the high priest because the high priest represented the whole family. Oh, hallelujah. That's why we have a high priest. Hallelujah. That represents all of us. I don't have to go stand in the judgment. Jesus already went there and stood it for me. Amen. and therefore my sins have went before me. Some men's sins go before them under judgment. Some men's sins follow them under judgment. You don't want to be the one that they follow because then you got to give an account for all your evil deeds. But if they go before you, by the time you arrive, it's already judged. You're you're take your seat on the throne and there's never mentioned again. Hallelujah. Amen. So this this is what all is happening. So I I think I've successfully captured your mind that you're reading prophecy of your day. These things are relative to you and I. It's a whole reason that I made the comments about unclean associated with clean and one contaminates the other, not the other way around. See, so we find then that you know he there's prophecy between Zephaniah and Hagi and Zachchariah and you get a prophecy concerning Gog and we realize that of course it's it's not in that case it's a prince. It's not the land not that valley of Megiddo although that's where it's going to take place that's going to be Armageddon and uh the va the battle of Gog and Magog takes place in the same area. Amen. thousand years apart. But this is concerning the prince Gog. That's why it's the land of Gog because he was a prince and he's typical. He's being typed as the Antichrist. It's it's Lucifer. All right? And so, so he's saying that at the time where Gog is ruling the world, that's the time I'm going to shake heavens and earth. Amen. And I'm going to take him down. this enemy of God that has been an enemy of God since before the earth because the war that came into the earth spilled over from heaven that Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels and they were cast out and that battle came down into the earth and you're fighting it still. Amen. So this is the time when it all comes to a head and it all comes to a a climax. The world is filled with uncertainty and we must be able you know that that what power are we promised? We talk about the third pole and the power of the spoken word and that's not uh how would I say it? That's not novel. That's not new. Amen. Abraham all the way back to Genesis was operating the third pole. show you that here in a minute. Had to be because it has to be from Genesis to Revelation. Amen. That's why brother Brandham showed us that that the seventh seal what when brother Brandham first thought early on all the way up till the time he thought it in in uh Cersis the time. He thought it all the way when he's in the desert. He thought it when he's headed back to preach the seals. He thought it even through the first seal. Amen. He's still thinking it takes all the way till three nights later till the fourth seal to where we don't think it anymore because it was progressive even to a prophet. It's got to be progressive to you and I. And he actually thought that the seven thunder mystery was something different than the seven seals. And it was on the outside of the Bible, not even written in the Bible. Uh-huh. Amen. Now, we wouldn't have known that except he was humble and honest enough in 1965 in spiritual food in due season to admit it openly and say, you know, I used to teach and I thought that it was something outside of the word all the way up to the desert and all the way into the beginning of the seals. I thought that it was something outside and something extra. And that's what the seven thunders camp from the 70s cabbaged on. They took those quotes and said, "See, it's something different. ignoring the fact right that he said no it can't be anything outside of the word it's got to be inside the word therefore the the seven thunder mystery that's why a prophet does two things one according to Malachi 4 he restores the faith of the children back to the faith of the original fathers and number two under revelation 10 he is to bring the mystery of the seven thunders which are contained in the seven seals amen Amen. Amen. Amen. See, so the seven thunders are the mystery of God revealed. Amen. They're not something additional, something later, some extra revelation that needed an eighth messenger, needed some super preacher with a super camp and a and a super speak who could use fancy cliches and use language to confuse everybody. I'm glad we had a hillbilly to bring us the seven thunders because I can see it's everything that Paul had and everything that has been restored to you. You ought to thank God. Hallelujah. Because it is those seven mysteries that the thunder spoke. That's what is giving you rapturing faith for a body change. Without it, you have no way to get that faith. Right. So we find that this power in the word we call it, brother Brandham termed it a third pull because the message of restoration that came to him came in three phases or what he called three poles and the first was a sign in the hand and it operated. The second was you'd know the secrets of the heart and it operated. The third was the power of the spoken word. He talked about creating squirrels. He talked about, you know, resurrecting a a fish. He he he talked about a tumor on his wife that he spoke it at distance. Amen. Spoke it at distance. And said, "Here's how to be, but she'll go to the doctor." But before he touches her, it'll evaporate. And she climbed on the table with it still there. Oh yes. And as the doctor walked in the door, it's still there. And as he walked over to place his hands on it, it's still there until it ain't. And now he's searching for something. He's not going to find it cuz it doesn't exist anymore. He has taken it out of existence. That's what he did to your sin. He took it out of existence. And the devil can search till the till the till the world ends. You'll never find it because it's in the sea of God's ex, God's non-existence, God's complete forgetfulness. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. So, the world filled with such uncertainty and we must be able with certainty to operate this spoken word power, this third pull power and that begins with hearing the voice of the Lord very clearly. So then my theme has been dedication and consecration because I'm not here to wow you with super speak. I'm not here just to get rah rah rah. We're going to have all kinds of power. H how about all kinds of dedication because you're never going to get the you're never going to get the power of God. The power of God works by the word of God. And how are you going to have faith if you don't even hear it? And you're never going to hear it if your if your flues are all stopped up with leodysa. How you going to hear it? See, say, "Well, will I need it?" Oh, buddy. You're needing it now. Amen. You're needing it right now. Right now, we're in the most critical junction of human history. And it's only going to get worse. We've got to see that it it takes dedication and consecration. And we've also got to see, and I just want to make these statements to you as I felt inspired. We've got to see that it's not going to work like we think. Wow. And this is what the experience of Brother Brandham was. There's there's no need for you to expect it to be any different. Brother Brandham was constantly when he was there, you know, and I would I would advise you to go and catch the sermon as I was with Moses and different ones where he tells this story of he's in the woods and that happened twice, by the way. Created squirrels twice. Amen. And uh, Brother Charlie Cox had those in his freezer. They ate the first batch of them of them. And brother Charlie testified none of them had a navl. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Not one of them had no belly button. They weren't born through that method. They were spoken into creation. And a and a prophet, I mean, you know, he was constantly having to double back. And he was he was what we would call the father of our third pull. See? And so, so he, you know, he's got points where, and I, and I might repeat myself a little bit later in this sermon or in other sermons, but it's it's so amazing everywhere I'm going and looking at the fish and the bear and and and I and I dealt with the the caribou and the the the silver tip the other time, and I want to talk about uh the the boy where brother Brandham, they the plane gets grounded there at Memphis, I think. And he comes down and he said, "Here's an anchamima, you know, with such respect, you know, such respect." And he said, "She was beautiful." That's what he said. Big old fat cheeks. He said, "A man's shirt tied around her head just like you would imagine in the in the Norman Rockwell picture." And he said, "She was beautiful to me because she was a Christian and she glowed." And he's walking by whistling, "I'm one of them." He just learned it. It was an old Pentecostal tune. He said, "I just learned it and I was going down the road whistling. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say." And he said, "I saw her out leaning out over the fence." He said, "I felt quiet, started I was going to walk on by." And he says, "I walk on by." She said, "Morning, Parson." And he said, "Whoa, wait a minute. How'd you know I was a preacher?" And he spun around. "How'd you know I was a preacher?" "Oh, I I know you was coming." I've been out here since before daylight. I know you was coming. But you're supposed to have a briefcase. Well, I left it in the room. That didn't stop the It didn't stop it. It didn't stop it. Brother Brandham has taken off completely taken off guard. You're like, "What in the world's going on?" He gets in there to pray. He don't even know what to He says, "I just said, Lord, I I don't even know why. I mean, I was just walking, you know, and and here she says to me, and I'm in here, and I'm praying for this boy, and that's all I know to do." You know, it it wasn't so clear. That's my point I'm trying to make. It was all and and he had been walking in a vision for hours, even the pre the previous day. When a plane gets grounded, Yeah. And you you know, you've got pilots and air traffic control and airlines trying not to let that be delayed or canled, but they can't stop it because God grounded that plane. Why? Cuz a woman was praying. Amen. Over a big strapping 6- foot tall baby boy. Hallelujah. And and the prophet here he is walking in the vision. He said, "I sit up that night." Well, what I do with myself is I'm not usually here. So he said, 'I just sit up till late writing letters and and thinking catching up on things, just just killing time with what time he had, trying to be productive. So no wonder he didn't take his briefcase because he was just going to run down and put him in the box. Yeah. And well, he got jumped by the Holy Spirit as soon as he put him in the box. And the and the Lord said, "Keep walking." Huh? Keep walking. Okay. Oh, what now? Keep walking. Okay. Well, maybe that was just me. And this is a prophet. What do you think you're going to face? Oh, yeah. See, but you know what? His insurance policy was dedication. Consecration. That was his insurance policy. He couldn't take a wrong step if he'd had tried. He left a briefcase that she saw in a dream. That didn't matter. You think God didn't know he would leave it yet? He she still saw it in a dream. And when those dreams come to pass, that's like a vision. See, and so when it's a spiritual dream, and so he he's like, "Maybe, oh well, I got to catch a plane. They told me to be right back at the gate this morning. I can't miss it twice." And so he kind of walks over to a corner and he said, "There's a fishing store there." He said, "I love fishing." And so he said, "I went in there and he said, I was kind of looking at the at the bait, looking around you know, looking at this and he says the big old Irish cops stand and he's trying to watch me and I'm you know I don't want him to I don't want to draw attention. Lord, Lord, was that you? Was that you talking to me a while ago? Was that you, Lord? And the Lord said, I told you keep walking. Amen. And when you hear Brother Bram say it on the tape, he inflects it just like that. Almost like the Holy Spirit is like, "What are you doing looking at fishing lures? What are you doing in the store worried about a cop? I told you to keep walking. You wouldn't have got in this spot if you'd have just listened to what I said. Now, that's a prophet. Where do you think you're going to stand, friends? And he's walking and he's walking and he's walking and he's walking and he says, "Well, that plane's going to be gone for sure now. I' I've missed it." But it it goes to show that he was not about to put anything ahead. He was seeking the kingdom of God first. And that's what Jesus said to do. seek you the kingdom of heaven first. Your father knows what you need. He'll add these things to you. If you go chase them yourself, they might be good, bad, they might blow up in your face. You never know what it's going to be. It's just rolling the dice when you're trying to figure out your own life. You're crazy to do that when you've got a heavenly father who's willing to lead you and guide you into all truth. All he needs is you to be in consecration and dedication. You already got a gene. You already got faith. You're already the you're already a believer. What else you need? You just need consecration. Amen. And that is so vital. That's the real burden of my heart on this whole series that we have arrived at the time, friends, where dedication and consecration are paramount. Amen. That's right. Amen. And there's where he goes on down. So, you know, and he he experienced some of the same things in the woods. And the Lord said, you know, just struck up a conversation. Lord just struck up a conversation. What are you doing? Hunting squirrel. How many you need? Three. Say where they'll be. Okay. Want to be right over there and want to be right there and want to be right over here. Nothing. And is he insane? He's talking to himself in the woods. He's talking. He's hearing a voice. And he said, "I kept hearing him speak." He said, "I kept looking around." He said, "Usually I see that light." He said, "I didn't see them anywhere." Where are you at? Where? And he said, "It's hear a voice out of the atmosphere. Say where they'll be." Okay. Right there. Right there. I'm right there. And then he said, "Okay." So he just said, "Okay, okay. Okay." and he's leaned back and he's waiting and he said, 'I waited and I waited and I waited and it was getting dark and I thought, wow, that must have just been me. Okay, how ridiculous. I'm going home now, you know. And he he's walking out of the holler and that voice starts talking. Hey, you you said they would be there. Come back. Well, but I I they're they're not there and it's getting dark. But you already said it. You already spoke it. It can't you can't change it now because that was me. You were speaking my words and nothing could reverse it. Hallelujah. See, and so he's coming back and he and that whole story, I don't want to get bogged down into it today because I plan to hit some more highlights of it. Uh kind of like we did the caribou and the bear. But but my I'm only making this point that from that moment, Brother Brandon was put through so much anxiety. It's a wonder he didn't have a nervous breakdown because getting those three squirrels was maddening and then he couldn't find one. And then somebody thinks he's lying and then he's under stress and now he's hurt. It hurt his feelings. He's just a human. You understand friends? And this is the third pole working. Right. Amen. Amen. When I read these passages in Haggi, I realize that the world is becoming worse than we imagined. Yeah. I mean, this is why we're you read, I'm going to shake heavens and earth, and I'm going to topple kings, and I'm going to just destroy everything. I'm going to go after Gog and I'm going to wipe him out, my archeneemy. And I've allowed him to live this long. And he's he's been a puppet for me, helping me perfect my family and get every name that was on that book. But I'm done with him now. I've got my family. She has believed my word. I got my 144,000. I got my bride in heaven. I got my Old Testament bride. I got everybody. I'm ready to go forward. I'm going to go after him and wipe him out. So, the world when I read all of that, I can see that the world is becoming worse than we imagined. And with the exponential rate that it's collapsing, I see it getting much worse than it is now. You hear me? You hear you? If you consider me your shepherd, you take my word for it and you'll go, you'll come back and remember what I said to you on this day. I see it by the help of the Holy Spirit looking into the Bible and looking at things that have to come. I see it getting much worse than it is now. And I see it happening quickly, much worse. So, here's your warning now. All of you who are, you know, thank God it it's it's few and getting fewer. I think the word is having an effect on you. Amen. But I want to say if there's anybody still in a in a state of non-committal, become committed. If you've if you've allowed your mind to go into crazy nonsense and thinking crazy, repent of your craziness. I say that to this audience and to those listening on the stream. Even people who are opposed to me who listen on the stream, let me look into the camera. Repent of your craziness. It's not too late. This thing ain't over. Hallelujah. Amen. And dilator trifling preachers and pastors. And I have to raise both my hands on that one. I just say, "Lord God, I'm repenting today. I'm done with being dilatory and trifling. I want to be a soldier on the front lines. I want to be vigilant and fervent and I want to have zeal of the Holy Spirit. So if you're mad for what I said and maybe it's at you well I also including myself. So we're all in the pot together. We all need to repent. But I want to say to you to this to this today to you today. Yes, the world is going crazy. Yes, it's getting much worse. Yes, it's going to get much worse. But I want to say to you, forget what's happening in the world. Because the Bible is only telling the world what it's going to do to them. But the Bible is speaking to God's family. And it's saying to you, I will begin to bless you. You have come into a season at the end of it all, and you're going to be elevated, and you're going to be blessed. And I'm not talking about adding zeros to your bank account. I'm talking about uh being rich in the love of God and rich in faith and rich in power. Hallelujah. Blessing is not only monetary. It's everything that pertains to life. We prove that to you last service that the joy of the Lord is something you acquire. It's a victory. It's a you it's it's something you've earned because the joy of the Lord is something supernatural. You can't get there. It doesn't require happiness. Doesn't require even blessing. Not at all. As I said to you Wednesday, it doesn't require any of that. It's a supernatural thing God does. And it is your strength. The joy of the Lord is your strength. But how were they told in Nehemiah? Because of repentance. Because of dedication. There we go again. Because of consecration. See, so we are as Peter says here in second Peter 1:3, E second Peter 1:3, according I love this because I I'm saying to you that blessing is not just monetary. It's everything that pertains to life. Look at what Simon Peter says. Second Peter chapter 1 verse three. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. Amen. Amen. It's not about shiny new cars in your garage. Amen. It's things that really matter. See, so life and godliness. So, we're called to glory and virtue. And it's his glory, not yours. It's by his strength, not yours. Oh, we are to rejoice in that to say it's his glory and it's by his strength and I'm just here to be a surrendered vessel. Amen. As the world is plunging into madness and Gog, the Antichrist spirit gaining epic power to control the earth. And it's at that time, it's at that time that he says, "Now from this day, I will begin to bless you." See, that's the promise of restoration. So, you know, as we were saying, Zerubel, you know, he was owned as the Lord's signant ring. And there's where brother Brandham went back to in the in the seals to say remember he said to Zerubable because brother Brandham has basically went into the seals. I mean he's pretty much annihilated all hope in man-made religion. Amen. He's literally took 2,000 years of church history and torched it. And has literally proven that there is no way to gain eternal life. Even in those denominational systems, it's impossible. It used to could be, but now the light moved on. And now you've got to come to the light. Now there's no chance for the world to be redeemed. I'm not We know the foolish virgin gain salvation from destruction. They're not born again. They just receive salvation from destruction. I get that. We're not talking about salvation from destruction. We're talking about redemption. Amen. And there's no path to redemption outside of the redeeming of the word in your life because you got to have a redeemed faith. You got to have a redeemed word. You got to stand perfect and marry a perfect son of God. And probably said, "How you going to do that? How you even going to think about it outside of a perfect word? How you even you're not even going to get the first base. You're not going to get out of the dugout. You're not going to get in the in the stadium. They're not going to let you in the parking lot. So he's a signant ring and so so brother Brandham is now trying trying to say well then my goodness then how are we going to get back there and that's where the word comes forth now for this day to bring us to redemption. There's no path to redemption outside of the word. Now that's not novel or new. That had always been that way. That had always been that way. There's nobody from Genesis to Revelation who ever found acceptance in the presence of God having rejected any of his word. Amen. So that's not a new thing. It's not a William Brandham invention. It's all and the scripture is replete with example after example after example. That's the only way. You've got to believe the word for your hour. You got to have faith and you got to walk in it. Amen. See, so Zerubable and that's why when brother Brandham would after he tore down every hope that anybody had in denominationalism then the question begs well then then what's left and that's where prophet said remember that he said to I know you feel like you got no chance. I've I've destroyed everything. But remember, he said to Zerubabel, "Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord." So where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Outside of the Holy Ghost, there's no liberty. You're in bondage. And so he's he's he's the Lord's signant ring. It's not his own personal fulfillment for Zerubabel, you know, it's his in in his lifetime, but it's actually a in a greater sense a messianic fulfillment in the kingdom because Zerubbabel is in the you know the the whole type is that he's in the line of of the Christ line which makes him in the son of David because the son of David Christ is going to rule in the millennium. I can't get sidetracked in all that. So, so that's in the same way I said to you already the crowning of Joshua, you know, as the high priest there in Zechariah 3, they put a a fair miter on his head because the bride would have thus sayeth the Lord, the word would be in her, she would be him. So, you see what I'm saying? So, so once God dispensed with all of the charges against her, never to be remembered again, kicked the devil out of his court, barred him from ever bringing an accusation again. And so now by the Holy Ghost, there is now therefore no condemnation even possible to them which are in Christ. Say, "Well, what if they make mistakes?" What do you mean what if? They do. We do. We have. Oh, come on. We will. But you you're unindictable. You're unchargeable. You're unaccusable. The devil can say what he wants. He ain't nobody. He has no judicial notice. The courts no longer recognize him. Not the court of heaven. See, in Christ, we stand perfect. And so th this is the whole interplay between Joshua and Zerubabel. So now it's it's me and you, friends. You understand that? That just the same way that all of Israel, God's elected Israel, not all Israel's Israel, it's those who have the faith of Abraham, all true Israel now had a complete cleansing and and and everything against them was struck off. And that was the verdict. They received a verdict from the judge. Not guilty. In fact, is innocent. Amen. Not only not guilty, but you're actually innocent, which means you should have never been brought up on charges in the first place. Hallelujah. And do you realize that our high priest has went before the father and judged and you and I have received the same verdict? You're innocent. You should have never been charged in the first place. Hallelujah. See, so it's a sovereign covenant because he's a covenant God. He gave a covenant to Abraham. He's giving a covenant in Hagi. He gives a He's a covenant angel in Revelation 10. Hallelujah. The temple will be rebuilt. He says to them, "This is my covenant. It will be rebuilt. It will be filled with the glory of God. The final son of David will rule the earth in peace and righteousness. And it doesn't matter what Gog does. It doesn't matter what Lucifer, the Antichrist, the world, your neighbor, even you can't stop it. The son of David will rule the world in peace and righteousness. And there will be a bride who overcomes the deception of this age and is seated with him on the throne. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. There's no stopping it. That's right. Amen. See? Wow. Who ran that clock forward? So, he comes to Genesis. I'll take maybe 10 more minutes. I just want to get to a certain point. I don't know where it is, but we'll get to it. Yeah. Okay. So, so in Genesis, give me Ethan, give me um let's go to Genesis um let's go to Genesis 22 and we'll start about verse 14. Yeah, that's perfect. All right. And we'll catch Oh, say if we're starting at 14, let's we'll go through 18. All right. Abraham called the name of that place. Now, this is this is Abraham. He's been told, "Take your son, your only son. Go to a place I'll show you." And you know the story. And now now, wa watch this now. And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah Gyra as it is said to this day in the mount of the Lord it shall be seen. Now just hold right there Eith. So you you've got this this promise coming to pass over a long time and Abraham's got to live a whole pile of regular life to get to it. Amen. Abraham's going to have his ups and downs. He's he he even as Abram especially, he's going to really drop the ball several times. Now, he he never staggered at the promise. Paul tells us that. But he didn't live a perfect example. He got down in Egypt, backslid lying, did it again to Aimilec in of the Philistine of the Philistine king. We all know that. But he never staggered at the promise of God. Can you believe that? that you could of all the times you have failed God. Yet God does not recognize a a sin in your faith. Hallelujah. That thrills me because I had way more transgressions than I'm comfortable with and I might have some more tomorrow, but the Lord knows I've never disbelieved his word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to run. As brother John Danquist says, I want to run. One of these days, I'm going to shock y'all to peace. I'm going to fly out that door and go down the road screaming and brother Jack will be right behind me. They'll come lock us up. Brother Tony, you up to come get us out. So he So he had a whole lot of life to get there and none of his failures stopped it. That's the beauty. He still had the son through adversity. He still had it. He had a lot of problems. Abraham, as I was saying to you, you know, he was a a warrior chief. He wasn't just some simple sheep herder. I mean, that was one of his his credentials. He's a great a great sheep herder. Camels and sheep and richest man in the area. and the whole region full of wisdom. Man, he got that through hard trials and overcoming and making mistakes and repenting and coming back to God just like you and me. See, so don't think that I I'm here to tell you God made the covenant with that kind of a man. He'll keep the covenant with this kind of people. Amen. And so we find that finally he gets the son and then and then you think trouble's over. Yeah. troubles were over in the sense that once he had the son, once the office of son was on the scene, he never stumbled like that again. He never lied anymore. His record stayed clean because that's the power of the son of God when it lives inside you. And so, so we find that that then he wakes up on a day and he's told, "Now take this son to everything that you fought for for all those years and sacrifice him to me." And Abraham knew what that meant. God was very unambiguous. You're going to take him and you're going to sacrifice him. And actually, this isn't a metaphor. I'm going to show you where to do it. I'm going to actually show you the place to lay him down. This is for real. Make sure you take a knife. And so they're walking along. Now, this is just before the word you just read. Abram, Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra because we know Jehovah Gyra is the Lord your provider. See? And so, so, so Gyra literally means God sees and will see to it. So, that's how he's your provider. I'm here to tell you, I don't care what you're facing, God sees. You got all kinds of things you need and you're on you're in prayer. Don't you worry, he'll see to it. Now, it might not come like you think or even like you're asking, but it'll come on time and it'll be exactly like he needs. He knows you need it to be and you should rejoice in that. I'm so glad he doesn't just give me my will because I have messed up my own self so many times I'm in no shape to lead myself. Amen. Amen. And so he he he gets to a place. He stops the men with him. Says, "Now the lad and I will go on from here." Now watch him. Watch him speak squirrels into existence. Watch the third pull in Genesis. You guys stay here. I and the lad will go yonder mountain and I and the lad will return. Now he's going to kill him. And he's saying, "I am this lad will return." See, say, did he think he wasn't going to do it? No, he actually knew he would do it. But Paul picks that up and said that he he really he just thought to himself, I love how a prophet can go right all the way back into the heart of Abraham and he can say, you know what, what he was thinking about was that God gave me this child. I was I was dead. I couldn't have him. And the same and he's the I know he's the promise. I know God don't lie. I know he's already told me, I'm going to bless your seed as the as the sands and the stars, and here's going to be the beginning of it. So, I know that even if I kill him, God will have to raise him from the dead. So, he's willing to to literally go to the wall and back based on a promise. I'm here to tell you, no wonder he was the father of faith because he had a rugged faith in God's word. And that's what Paul said. He never staggered at the promise of God. Amen. And now it's got to happen because he spoke it. Now catch it. He couldn't speak it according to his own desire no more than a prophet in the woods could say they'll be here. They'll be here. God had said to him, "Say where they'll be." Cuz he had been pondering, "If you say to this mountain," he said, "I had avoided that. I wouldn't preach on it because I wasn't sure how to interpret that." And he said, "I'm in the woods thinking of that." And he says, "Now say where they'll be." And and just like Abraham, God had already told him what would be his future. So now he's saying based on a promise and that become the word. Amen. He had was full of faith and then he's walking along and he's getting closer and closer and closer and the dead hour is approaching. And this is for real. This ain't no joke. This is hap. This is my life in real time. I I ain't got time to run to church. I can't call somebody to pray for me. I'm on a path to do the unthinkable. My life is about to be destroyed. You think that's not in his mind? But a word's already been spoken. I and the lad will return. Hallelujah. Said said they go along and Isaac's no dummy. He's been raised to know about this. And he says, "So, Dad, um, behold the fire and behold the wood, but I know we need a burnt I know we need an offering. Where's the lamb? You you did you forget to bring in a lamb? And Abraham, now watch the third pull come again. Third pull drops down on him in Genesis. Third, this is Genesis third pull. And he says, "My son, the Lord shall provide himself a sacrifice." Maybe didn't even know how that would happen. It wasn't his business to know how it would happen. First of all, it was God saying that for the atonement of sin, God would provide himself as your sacrifice. Hallelujah. You understand that? No prophet, priest, or king could die for you. You couldn't die for you. There had been, brother V said, there had been many great men and many of them had died for a great cause, but there was never a man who could lay his own life down and pick it back up again. Hallelujah. And God said, "When it comes to your atonement, I will be your sacrifice." Hallelujah. And he speaks the word. God shall provide himself a sacrifice. Now, you say, "Brother Jason, you're using a lot of preacher license. You sound like you're making a pretty broad assumption." That would be a fair case if I didn't have a quote. You could make a fair argument. You could impugn me for making things up when I'm not sure. But I got a quote. When brother Brandham comes back and he this is in Speak to the Mountain and he's come back that next day and he's went through that I'm not preaching on it today. I'm going to get to it later. And he's went through the agony of what it took to get those squirrels in his possession. It wasn't just straightforward and they didn't just fall in his pocket. And he kept having to double back and he kept getting it wrong. He kept making an assumption until he found out, "No, that's not right. Oh, well, it must be this until it wasn't." Well, it must be this until it wasn't. Oh, it's okay. I got it now. Here it is. No, it's not. Good grief. How's it going to happen? Just Just relax. I the Lord will make it happen. And when the prophet relaxed and quit quit quit getting affected by how dark it was or what other people were saying or what he thought they would think and now he's got a complex they're going to think I lied and it's going to make me look bad. He's got to get all that pride. Don't throw a rock at me. He He had to get He had to conquer his pride just like you. Like me. Hallelujah. Jesus had to conquer pride. He was tempted in all ways. There's none good but one. Hallelujah. Let our prophet be a man just like us. See, so so he he and so now he comes back and it's the next morning I think of uh next morning or next day and he's he's taken an offering. Brother Neville says, "Brother Brandham, Sister Haddie, she wants to do something for our building program. She gave $20 into the offering." And Brother Brandham says, "Goodness gracious." He said, "It would take her a half a year scratching on those old hills trying to get enough crops to make 20 bucks." We're talking poor. Amen. And and he said, "So I just thought, well, I'll just take it back and slip it to her and I'll leave it and I'll leave it." she won't know. And of course, the Lord wouldn't let him do that. Amen. And brother Brandham, he felt sorry for her. And the Lord said, Jesus stood by the wall at the treasury and watched millionaires come in and drop big sums of money into his ministry treasury. He never said a word. And then a little widow woman came and put two mites, which was less than a penny. And Jesus stops everything and tells his disciples that woman, she gave more. Let this story be told for as long as the gospel. That woman gave more than all the others cuz they gave from their abundance. And there's people who won't even do that. There's people who the Lord blesses them and puts money in their bank and gives them cars and trucks and they take trips and vacations and have all kinds of stuff and they never give the Lord back his tithes at all. Ever. Never. Never. Not. I mean, so such a thief at this point. I I'd hate to say how far in debt they are to the Lord. See, so that wasn't in my notes. That was free. If I going to talk about money, it's free. We're not going to take up an offering. I already did. It's a shame. You're a complete thief. I'm glad we don't have that problem pervasive here in the assembly. Praise the Lord. I sure God bless all you people. You give abundantly. We're able to do so much with the work of God. I could just spend the rest of the day telling you the things that we're able to accomplish with it. Amen. So he says, "But she gave out of her necessity. This is food off her table." Yeah. See, and and the Lord said to Brother Brandham, "And Jesus never stopped her." So, Brother Brandham said, "I just took that 20 and stuck it back down in my pocket because I knew the blessing of the Lord would be worth way more to her than this $20 bill." See? And so, so he he's sitting there and he starts telling that story and he tells the whole story in detail of what just happened to him in the woods. And then he said, "We go back. You've already spoke the word and say where they'll be." And then it wasn't. Then I looked, then it wasn't. and they said this and I was worried about this and it was getting dark and you know but after it all I got him. I got him. And brother Brandham says and I said the only thing I could think it to be would be this. When God was trying to tell Abraham how he was going to bless him, I said if this be my new ministry that's coming in third pull something greater than he will finally confirm it in that little building. I said if it be that like Abraham the thing that Abraham needed was a sacrifice instead of a son in Genesis 22. And then God held his hand from sacrificing his son and there was a ram there. What put the ram there? Third pull. What put Brother Brandon's connecting his third pull experience to Genesis 22. I'm telling you, this was happening to a real man in real time who had real problems and real ups and downs, but he believed the word and he spoke the word. I'm here to tell you, I've already said I'm a believer and there's no taking it back. I've already spoken that I could never leave it and I'll never leave it. I've already spoken the rapture's coming in my lifetime. Hallelujah. And it's irreversable. Glory to God. Say, you might die tomorrow. I might, but in this generation, you're the last generation that will ever be. You are the people upon whom the ends of the world have come. And if there was ever a time where you need thirdpool power, it's now. Cuz the world's getting worse and will get much worse. Amen. Amen. And you'll never find success in it. Stand. You'll never find success in it outside of dedication and consecration. I hope that I have made a scriptural case to you today. I hope teenagers, young people, 20somes, I hope I have made a case to you today. 30somes, married, elderly, I hope I have made a Bible case to you today that you can see the day and the hour that you live in. And it ain't an accident cuz there are no accidents. There are only Gods. Amen. As brother Lee says on our morning Eagle Fellowship Bible study, there's no accidents. He will always say, "There's only Gods." [Music] Bow your heads with me, please, all over the audience. Thank you, Lord, for allowing me to get through to a point where I feel the green light from the Holy Spirit to to stop No need to go further today. And I believe your word has accomplished much. I'm believing it by faith, Lord. I speak it. I believe it. I won't take it back. I'm believing it's an arrow of deliverance to all your people. It makes me think about my own life, Lord. And I hope that every man, woman, boy, and girl right now with heads bowed and eyes closed, not only looking around, but not thinking around, just focus on yourself for a moment. You're in the presence of God. Push out push out shopping tomorrow. Push out events for later today. Push out your lunch. Don't Don't worry about nothing right now. Don't forget who's standing near you. Just now you and God. I'm not going to call anybody out. We're not going to have some embarrassing thing. I just want you to concentrate for a minute. Think, think with me. Join me as I think about my own life, Lord. Where do I measure up on this scale? Where am I at, oh God? I think about so much that more that I could be doing, so much more. So much that could have been accomplished if I had just been more diligent over the years. It seems as nothing, Lord. Even all that I accomplished, it was just your great grace to make it happen. I I can take no credit. And I mean that honestly. I can take none. Zero. Cuz I know, Lord, the weaknesses that I have. And I know how short I come. And I'm sure that everyone in this building today, if they're really honest, will own that. They'll own that in your presence right now. But Lord, when I when I think of how hopeless it looks, if I look at it from my own self, I just fall back and say, "Let the weak say I'm strong." Lord, I know this much. Here's what I know. When I when all of it fades away and it all just falls silent and I'm alone and it's just you and me, I know I can raise up my hands and I can say, "Lord, I love you. And I know that you know it's true. And I believe your word, every last word of it. And I know that you know that's true. And I desire more than anything that my life will be brought completely subject to every word of God as this world is flaming out. It's going down in destruction. And there's got to be an ascending order for your bride, Lord, to rise up as eagles and soar over it to live in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And I long for that. I desire that. I press towards the mark. I press and I know that you know that that's a true desire in my heart. So I pray for myself. I pray for these people. I pray for all of those who may be listening. Help us, Lord God. Help us to reent our non-committal ways. Help us to repent of our crazy thinking. Help us to repent of our dilatory laziness. Help us, Jesus. We're before you humbly, Lord God. Nothing in my arms I bring. Of nothing I can offer you of any value. You've never asked for anything but my heart. And I guess since you made it, it's valuable to you, so you can have it. My whole life is yours, Lord. May I just have a fresh cleansing this morning, Lord. Maybe people didn't expect this kind of prayer after a sermon styled like that, but Lord, that's how I feel. That's in fact is Lord, I've been so astonished that as I listen to brother Brandham, every time he starts telling these stories of the third pull, he ends it by imploring the audience, he says, "I need a fresh repentance. I need a fresh consecration. Me, Lord, help me today. Help this people." And he he takes them back to dedication and repentance and consecration. Let that be our theme today, Lord God. As we continue in this series, let the people not soon forget that it's all about making ourselves available for the master's usage. You've set aside our sin completely. You've set aside every failure we could ever have. You've already judged us in Christ, so I already don't have to worry about that. You put a gene of God in me that could believe your word, and it it already does. and I've been born again of the spirit of God and I already have and it's irreversible. I've already passed from death to life. I can never enter into the judgment. So what's left for me but to serve you with all my mind and all my body and all my soul, all my heart, all my spirit, everything in dedication to you for the world to come. May you grant it in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing, Brother Tony. Oh Jesus. Oh my. Oh, we're going to go old school today. Do you know? How many want to go old school with brother Tony today? Please don't turn. Oh my. Oh Jesus. [Music] My Jesus, without him, without him, how would that's beautiful, brother Anthony. Let's sing it again now all together. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus, [Music] [Applause] [Music] do you know him today? Turn him away. [Music] Oh, Jesus. [Music] For without him, how lost I would be. Without him, I could do nothing. [Music] Without him, without I surely fail. [Music] Ain't that beautiful? Without him, I would be drifting like a ship. Like a ship without a sail, without a Oh, raise up those hands now. Oh, Jesus. [Music] Oh, oh, Jesus. [Music] Do you know him? Do you know him? Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Turn him away. Hey. Oh Jesus. Oh, let's just take a little time here now. Oh Jesus. Maybe you need a conference with God without him. Why don't you just talk it over with him right now? Oh, as we sing it again now, just have that time with the Lord Jesus. [Music] for more Jesus. [Music] Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Jesus. My Jesus. Jesus. Without him, how lost I would be. [Music] Amen. We're going to dismiss you and allow the worship just to carry on uninterrupted. I've enjoyed I'm enjoying this word. It's meaning a lot to me at a very personal level. more than you can know, more than I can convey, but it's meaning everything to me. I want it so bad in my life. I want it so bad in your life. Amen. I want to see the power of God unfettered, unobstructed, moving through our young people, moving through our old people. I want to see as brother Matt was proving to us, my goodness, proving from those writings of the early fathers and a prophet of this day, there should be no question that that the that the whole theological ideology of miracles and the power of God and the gifts of the spirit and the supernatural, they're they're completely wrong. All of those old original fathers, that stuff was moving hundreds of years into the church after the apostles. That proves it to me. I sit back there this morning astonished trying to study listening to that and it left me astonished at the clarity of language. If you didn't catch the adult Sunday school class, I would advise you to get it. I'm here to tell you. You want to talk about putting something in your pocket to evangelize with? Talk to somebody in love now. In love because they don't know. You didn't know at one time. See, but get that Sunday school lesson. and and and brother Matthew offered to send you the quotes on a on his PowerPoint and send them to your email. Don't go home without it. My And then you talk about something to witness to your family with to say, "Look, you've been you've been under a delusion. The the the the systems of man, they pulled a wool over your eyes. It they're they're wrong. The power of God is still here. Divine healing is still here. The gifts of the spirit are still here. They've always been here. And we're in the age of complete restoration. I'm here to tell you something, friends. There ought not to be one thing in our lives at this point to hinder the third pull working at every and every channel. God bless you. Turn around and shake hands with somebody near you. We're happy to have you here today. Now, you make sure our visitors Amen. Remember, Brother and Sister Smith in the back. Come, Brother Luther. Uh um you're going to take this. Let me have my preachers gather with me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Stay up here with and with Luther. Sister Melissa. Let me have my ministers gather up here with me, please. Thank you, Brother Luther, for waving at me if I haven't dropped it out of my Bible. That's possible. It's all right. I got more. Amen. Now, for those of you who are unfamiliar with this, this is according to the book of Acts. You find that they taken aprons from the body of St. Paul and they laid them on the sick and great miracles took place. Now, we're not St. Paul and we don't have his apron, but what we do have is a piece of cloth that can rep in a representative way will pray over this. Now, you don't anoint prayer cloths, brother Ram. We don't do that. But what we do is we pray over them. Amen. And there have been incalculable amount of miracles that have taken place and this was a great need. Refresh me again on the details. Right. Amen. Amen. So, it's a little boy suffering from some autistic uh tendencies and it's getting worse and worse and right now it's just running through the family. It's a very serious case. And so, uh, fortunately, these people happen to know a believer. Amen. And a believer has happens to know other believers. And we can all gather around. See? All right. All right. Sister Melissa, you put your hand on it first because you're going to deliver it. Brother Luther, on top of there. Come on, brothers. Join right in here. Amen. Father, in the name of Jesus, we take this little piece of cloth, Lord, and in representation of the Holy Ghost. We send it forth, Lord, to the sick and the afflicted, and we ask and we speak in the name of Jesus Christ that there should be deliverance and healing, and that the that the bonds of the enemy should be snapped, the feathers broken, the chains fall. May you grant it, oh God. May it happen even speedily, Lord. May there be a great testimony. So many testimonies have returned from this simple act of faith. We commit it to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. All right, Sister Melissa, there you go. God bless you. Amen. All right, friends. God bless you. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Brother Tony, let's sing us out now. God bless you. I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. [Applause] You like Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. I only ask [Music] to be like him. to be like Jesus. [Applause] will be like Jesus on earth long to be like here all through life journey from earth to glory I only ask to be right here. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. [Music] So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. Oh, so glad you found me [Music] and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. [Applause] So glad I'm yours. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. [Music] So glad your mercy [Applause] has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh, so glad I'm yours. Lord Lord, so glad I'm yours. [Music] So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me [Music] and set me free. So when I'm yours, Lord. [Music]
