################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-15 - 230215 - Jason Watkins: Living Between Acts 2 & 2 Timothy 4 - Jason Watkins - Jason Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-15
Title:   230215 - Jason Watkins: Living Between Acts 2 & 2 Timothy 4 - Jason Watkins
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpl80mYk5M8
========================================

be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger. Let us stand my heart. Brother Luth, if you go, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start [Music] to live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in a manger. Let's give the Lord a wave offering as we sing it again. [Music] Word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live me. Let it start. [Music] Oh, live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in a manger of my heart. Hallelujah. Regardless of what I think, live in my heart. The control tower, men, let's pray. Lord, first of all, I just want you to know I love you. And I'm so sorry for the failings in my life, Father. How I long for that day when this old mortal will put on immortality. There'll be no negative thoughts. no negative actions. It'll all be yay and amen according to your word. Father, I pray that you'll bless the people that gather this evening. Bless those that are streaming. Lord, you always have a purpose. You always have a an objective for each and every one of us, Father. You're not like we are, Father. There's not a shadow of turning. I praise you this evening, Lord. I thank you for this opportunity to gather with your children. Father, I pray you bless each one. And as we gather the tithes and offerings, Father, bless the cheerful giver, Lord. Most of all, Father, magnify the gift, Father, the ministering of your word that it would touch each and every heart and may we leave closer than when we came in. I praise you, Father. I love you and I thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Hey, man. Give me a B flat, please. [Music] You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god depending on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. You are God alone before time begins. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. [Music] You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. [Music] You are God alone. Before time begin, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are all you throw. You are God alone. [Music] You're not a God created by human hands. You're not a god depending on any mortal man. You're not a god in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. [Music] You are God alone [Music] before time begin. You are on your throne. You are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. You are all your throne. You are God alone. You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name. Praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. You are God alone before time begins. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Let's give a Lord a wave. And right now in the good times bad, you are all you th you are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. [Applause] You're unchangeable. Unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. Say you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. [Applause] That's what you are. [Music] You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. [Music] Amen. Brother John. Amen. If you give us special Amen. You may be seated. just want to sing this like a prayer tonight. [Music] My Jesus, my savior, Lord, there is none like you. Sorry. my sorry [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, my tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath oh and all that I am never cease to worship you. [Music] Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing [Music] power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] You're my Jesus. You're my savior. Lord, there is none like you. Oh, all of my days. [Music] I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] You're my comfort, my shelter, my tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath and all that I am, let it never cease to worship you. [Music] Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. Oh, I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand cuz nothing compares to the promise I had. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Let's sing a little bit of here I am to worship. How many just want to worship a little bit this evening? Amen. I had a lot of worship songs in my heart. So I hope y'all are able to just enter into the worship. Amen. [Music] Let's just start with here I am to worship. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Allto together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder one for to me. [Music] Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days. He's so highly exalted. Gloriously above. Humbly you came to this earth. You created all for love's sake. He came for. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to save it. You're my God. You're all together love. All together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. I'll never know. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. You're all together. Sing. You're all together. [Music] All together wonderful to me. Here I am. [Music] Here I am to bow down. Here I am. Here I am. Say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. [Music] So worthy [Music] for to me. One more time. Here I am. Here I am to bow down. Here I am. Save that. You're my God. You're all together love me. You're all together worthy. All together wonderful [Music] to me. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord some praise. Amen. Let's sing a little bit. I give myself away. Won't you stand with me as we sing? I give myself away. Amen. Here [Music] I am and here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires reveal in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself away. See I am and here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hand. Lord, I longing to see your desires prevail in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart and take my life as a limb. Let's just worship the Lord. [Music] eyes and all my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you You can use me. My life say my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Say my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh, I give myself away. Yes, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. Give the Lord a hand this evening. Let him know how much you appreciate him. Amen. Amen. I certainly do appreciate him. Appreciate all of you being out here tonight. We're going to invite you right to the book of Acts, chapter 2. Greet you in the name of the Lord. I want to by the help of the Lord um take a um a scripture or rather a text tonight. It's a little lengthy, but uh I want to take a thought on living between Acts 2 and 2 Timothy 4, the path to redemption. Amen. So, the Lord being our helper tonight, we will start in Acts chapter 2. Now, of course, this is uh Peter's indictment message. And as I've pointed out to you many times before, Peter was not preaching to drunkards and whoreongers. He was preaching to devout Jews who were there for church. They had came in from all all points of the world to worship because they were there for the feast. And so they were devout Jews. So when he, you know, remember that when it when it's all about repentance, what Peter's point is, accept the word. Accept it. Repent of your old thinking. Come to the word. See that? Now this is exactly if you think about that, you'll find brother Brandham saying drinking, smoking, committing adultery, that's not sin. That's not sin. That's just merely the byproducts of sin. That's the attributes of unbelief. You do those things because you've not been converted. You're not a believer. See? And so, but but sin is unbelief. And that was what they were guilty of. They they were devout men. They didn't drink and smoke and run around. But they were guilty of sin because when the word came in flesh, they didn't recognize it and they crucified it. And so they said, "What must we do now that we've done this?" And Peter said, "You got to repent." See, so the whole aspect of because the promise is unto you, right? But the but the requirement for that is to say amen to every word of God. That's got to be first. And that's got to start with an admission that you've been wrong. Amen. Amen. And and that's the real spirit on the bride today, Brother Brandham said, is the is this is the spirit to say, I'm I'm wrong. Only he's right. Amen. All right. So, let's read Acts chapter 2 and um let we're just going to catch from verse 37. Now, when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart. He had just told them, "You killed the you killed the son of God." Now, when they heard this, they were pricricked in their where? In their heart. And said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized, every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." So forever the path to the new birth comes by saying amen to the word of God. Amen. That's the pathway. Amen. All right. And that's going to be for all generations. All right. Then says, "And with All right. And uh and verse 40, and with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, save yourselves from this untoward generation." Then they that gladly received his word were baptized. And the same day, didn't say everybody did it, but the ones that received his word gladly were baptized. And the same day there were added unto them about 3,000 souls. Now I love this next verse. And they, now here's an evidence that the new birth took place. And they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and in breaking of bread and in prayers. So it was obvious that going forward they lived a different kind of a life. Amen. Amen. And that which they had formed the the reason I'm you're going to understand that when I read 2 Timothy 4 and we're going to uh we'll just catch we'll start at verse one right before the book of Hebrews. you'll run right right over to second Timothy and you're you're going to find now an agreement worded a different way. You're going to find an agreement with what I just taught you about Acts two only worded a different way. All right. Verse one. I charge thee therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom. So those go together. Amen. Preach the word. Be instant in season, out of season. Reprove, re, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. Now watch him prophesy about the day you're living in right now in real time. All right. For the time will come, that's now, when they will not endure sound doctrine. Now, where was where was what were they what had he said just before this word doctrine? Preach the word. So they're it's not just about resisting doctrine. It's about resisting the word. Yeah. All right. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. But after their own lust shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears. You remember that I said to you that when you are not born again of the spirit of God, you will hunt around until you find the version of the gospel that you want to be true. Amen. Not maybe the version that is true, but the one you wish was true. See, and there's plenty of it out there. There's 30 north of 33,000 versions of the gospel. Can you believe that? That's the truth. And they shall turn away. Verse four. And they are, let's read verse three again. Sorry, Ethan. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but after their own lust, see the one they want to be true, shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and they shall turn away their ears from the truth. Can you believe somebody would do that? It's hard for us to believe as believers anybody would be that crazy. But this is exactly what the prophecy was for the end time. They shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned unto fables. And how my verse five, but watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry, for I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I love this. I have fought a good fight. I Paul is saying I have finished my course. Now, can you say amen? Amen. Why? He's talking about himself, not you. Why are you saying amen? Unless you're included, too. Amen. See, it's great for Paul. What about me? Brother Brandham talks about Jesus said he rose from the grave. That was great for him. But what does that have to do with me? Unless I am enjoined to him. See, then it's just a Easter is just another day on the calendar where we dress up. All right. For I am now ready to be offered and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I have kept the faith. Paul, can you throw me a bone? I will stand by. Henceforth there is laid up for me. Come on, Paul. Help me. A crown of righteousness. Wonderful. What about me? Which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me. Come on, Paul. Help me. At that day. Yeah, I'm at that day. And not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing. So your path to redemption is through the love of his appearing. So it's Acts two set a different way. You've said amen to the word because why? The word has become your love. And now when he appears in this last day in the form of his word, you're in love with that. See, so you're living between Acts 2 and 2 Corinthians 4. Now, it's broader than that. I'm just using that for a title tonight. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word. Thank you for the anointing I already feel. I pray your blessing will be upon the remainder of the service. Bless speaker and hearer. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. When we look at the realities of the word of God and try to give me your focus pretty quickly here because I'm I want to I want to go right through it and I don't want to go slow. Uh we want to have time for prayer. and I got a number pretty good list for prayer requests tonight and we hope maybe somebody have a testimony or two. So when we look at the realities that the word brings to us in this day, you know, the the scripture is is not short as we have said many times that the Lord did not leave us short when it came to what we would need to face the enemy in this hour. We've not been left short-handed. Our ammunition supply isn't low. Our weapons are are are they are they are they are for the day that you live in that God has sent a cuttingedge weapon. As I've said to you before, I don't have any power. I can't give you the new birth. But I do have a weapon. I don't have any power to heal you, but I do have a weapon. I don't have power to drive the enemy from you, but I do have a weapon. And it has all kinds of power. and and and and part of its power is revealing to you the position you hold which is a position of authority. So now it's not about power at all. It's about authority and it's about recognizing who you are and the very day and hour that we live in. And that's so important. speaking to a brother uh just before service how that that this is the day we already read Paul's prophecy about the day that would come and where we're in it where they would um they would turn aside to fables they would go for 20 centuries and the Christian church would stand for certain principles that were for 20 centuries immovable unbendable no compromise and now today they compromise on almost every last one of them And you you know it's it's amazing that that that you that you can find uh this going on in the day and hour that we live in. And so we realize that the hour would come at the end time where mankind would lose his ability to discern between right and wrong. Now that's where we were Sunday. We were showing you from Ezekiel how that there were there was a priesthood that worked the outer court and the inner court. And they could tell you they could be at the at the brazen altar. They could be at the at the washing. They could be at the at the seven lampstands. They could be at the table of shoeb bread. Not saying they didn't have the gospel. Yeah. I'm not saying Billy Graham didn't have the gospel. He could tell me about Jesus. He could tell me God so loved the world. He could tell me Christ died to save sinners. You understand? There's all kinds of priesthood that have definite callings on their life to do exactly that. To tell me some of those things. But then there there was there was a there was a family, not not really a tribe, but an exact family. And unto that one family was committed, the discernment upon that family was the discernment to discern between right and wrong. And if there was ever a day that we needed God to send a messenger with a discernment that could tell me more than just about Jesus loved me and died to save sinners, I need that. I've got to have that. I've got to accept that. But I'm in a day where they're all calling wrong right. And I had to have a voice that could say this is right and this is wrong. And it'll be that way in the 1960s. And it'll be that way in the 21st century. Amen. And what's right will be right until the day you leave. And what's wrong will still be wrong until the day the saints resurrect and we are changed. So th this is the beauty of uh uh that God has not left us as I said under equipped. And we find then that that the Bible prophesies that the people at that hour the people where who the the family of God and this has never been true until now. Just like just like Satan's Eden has never been true until now. Now, Brother Brandon proved that from Paul's writings that that this is the he's the god of this evil age. That had never been true until after the seals were opened. See, and it couldn't have been it couldn't actually not only couldn't have been, it couldn't be because they first they they first had to crucify the word. And they they couldn't crucify Jesus before they had him. Right. Amen. And there's no way in this day to crucify the word until they had it. And then when they crucified the word, then an indictment could come and then God could call a bride out of a church honoring Elijah anointing and you would be the final voice to the final age. Is that easy? Amen. And we would be that group who at the at this particular special last day, the end of the end time, that the people in that day who know their God, now it's not a head knowledge, right? You understand? And we're talking about to know like like a husband knows his wife like Adam knew his wife Eve. That kind of relationship, that kind of intimacy. The people who in that day when nobody could tell right from wrong, in that day when they turn uh itching ears, they get preachers with itching ears in that day when they turn from truth into fables. Amen. In that day, they won't have a a tolerance for the word. And if you try to give them the word, then they cancel you. Amen. See? And so that that's the that's the prevailing attitude. And it's at that day that whoever is alive at that day, the people within that last part of humanity who know their God will do great exploits. Now friends, if the Bible takes the time to point that out, it's not like exploits hadn't been done all through the Bible. So if the Bible is pointing out a book full of exploits that the people of that day will do great exploits, I would say it had to be something pretty special. And that's where you need to be tonight for your strength. You need to recognize I have arrived at that day. I am that person and God is looking to me to do great. We say, "What? What will I do? Why don't we leave that up to him? How about we do this? How about we know him in the power of his resurrection?" Amen. We're not chasing works. We're not chasing signs. We're not chasing sensations. We're chasing consecration. And you don't really chase that. You surrender your way to it. Yeah. You pursue it in that in that regard. You pursue by humility, by surrender. You know, Paul said, "Press toward." And that word press in the Greek means to stretch, to strain. And a lot of times, you know, listen, you know as well as me. I'm not going to tell you anything new with this sentence coming. You know as well as me, Leodysa has a way of making you not need to strain. Everything just easy. And it's that's by that's by design of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. But you see to get something worth something there needs to be a price. There needs to be a struggle. There needs to be a press because that's the kind of people that's what builds character. And God is building not a kingdom full of intellectuals. He's building a kingdom full of character and people who are willing to take the way with the Lord's despised few. They're not only a few, but they're despised. See, that's that was uh Elijah's word to Elisha. You know, help you know, let me let me go and and tell my mother, my father. He says, you know, what what have I to do with thee? He just cast his mantle on him. Knight's saying, what have I to do with thee? you know, and and and and you know what if you if you go back and I don't have time for the lesson tonight, but when you go back and break down the Hebrew, what what Elijah is saying to Elisha is, "Listen, Elisha, think this through. I'm not a popular man. The the king hates me. The queen's trying to kill me. All the churches have forsaken me. I live in the desert. My life is hard. you you you've got your hand to a plow. I see you've got your hand to a plow. Let me give you a principle that's going to become true in and in in some hundreds of years when Jesus says it, but it's still already true right now. You've got your hand on a plow and you can put it on, take it off. But the plow that I'm talking about, once you put your hand to that plow, you don't take it off, Elisha. You don't take your hand off of this plow. The one that plow is fine. Not the one I'm talking about. See? And so, you know, this thing isn't for sissies. This thing is for character. This is for people with courage. This is for people who are willing to do what it takes to have the spiritual recognition that they need, the spiritual sensitivity that we need. You're only going to you're not going to get that, listen friends, by intellectualism or by emotionalism. You're going to get that by a personal one- on-one close constant often relationship and contact with the Holy Spirit. And the only way that that's going to be possible is you're going to have to get rid of some stuff out of your life that Satan uses to bog you down, take all your time, frustrate you, tire you, wear you out, irritate you. Entertain you, you're you've been entertained so much the Lord can't even entertain you anymore because you're so bored with entertainment. [Music] you you you've spent so much time talking on social media, you don't feel like talking to the Lord. And we're getting close to home tonight. But it takes a people who are willing to recognize the day and hour that they live in and say, "I'm not going to be the dumb driven cattle that go into the tribulation. I'm going to be different." Amen. I'm going to be these people that do great exploits. I'm going to be these people who recognize his appearing and love it and my life is going to prove where my love is. So, we have all of these realities and the clarity of the word, you know, the clarity of the word that we have today gives us uh gives us the ability to discern between right and wrong. Brother Luther, if you could fetch the water, please. gives us the ability to to discern between right and wrong. And and that's an important point because the word that God has sent you. Now, I'm going to I'm going to really lay slather the old southern word. We were talking about that the other night. I'm going to slather this one on thick because this is a big big point. And I didn't even realize how big it was till I said it out loud to myself today on the when I was having commentary on uh brother Jack's morning Bible study lesson and and I was called on for commentary and I made this statement. I said, "Wow, that's amazing." And then the more I said it, the more I realized it. But when you think about what God has given us in this in this day, he has given you in the word that he brought. I'm going to add some value. I promise when I get done saying this, you're going to have more value in the word of God that God has given us in this day. What it has done is it has given us the ability to discern between the spirit of Christ and the spirit of Antichrist in the modern day. You say, "Oh yeah, that's kind of we kind of known that for a long time." But I I wonder if you've really thought about how epic that is because think about how impacting to humanity to let me let me use a a more gripping phrase to human civilization. Think about how impacting this principle is to human civilization. That is given that the entire population of humanity will be annihilated following uh the in the tribulation following the antichrist unaware. I'm going to say that again. The entire population, the global population of humankind is going, the entire population, 7 and a half billion are going to follow the antichrist into destruction unaware, save only the small bride that's taken out before the tribulation, and the small remnant of the woman's seed, the unwise virgin, and a small remnant of elected Jews, only 144,000 of them, and save those three little tiny groups. Other than that, the end and those second two actually have to go into the tribulation and get martyed. So now, how much weight are you willing to put in your heart and mind and take ownership of of how much that God has given you the ability to discern between Christ and Antichrist. Uh the difference is the entire extinction of the human race versus not. Yeah, that's pretty heavy, isn't it? Can you think of anything greater? I just want you to think for a minute, and I'll give you a minute. I'm going to give you a minute, but I'll give you a second or two. Can you think of anything greater of greater importance than given what I've just said? Can you think of anything at all? strain your brain to think of anything given what I've just said to you that we're talking about the difference between the global extinction of the human race and only a sliver escape it and the difference was some were given the discernment by the word to follow Christ and the others rejected it and followed the antichrist and can you think of anything of greater importance than the ability to discern between those two spirits. Get it right, you go in a rapture. Get it wrong, you go into tribulation. You get annihilated. And then you're bound over for a thousand years in hell waiting for your trial. I would say the odds are massive. The stakes are massive. You see, this is exactly how we know. If you think about this, this is really how we know that the word that we've received today is part of the eternal mysteries of God because we still find guidance even in the 21st century of of doctrine that was laid down in the 1960s. Amen. And the do and the world is nothing like it was then. Now it's it's exponentially many many hundreds of times worse. We've gone to unimaginable perversion. Amen. Even when we knew back in the 70s and 80s turn of the century and we knew Sodom was coming. We knew it was all we knew when none of us ever imagined the the kind of woke cancel culture uh that of perversion and filth. And it is so unbelievably filthy. You actually are taught to stay away from it. You don't even have an appreciation. But but I'm here to tell you sometimes in the activities that I have to be involved with, I get around people and hear conversations and I am like I cannot believe the depravity that is standing around me and civilized people. I say thank God for a word that restored a discernment that I could discern between Christ and Antichrist because I can. I won't die. Now what are you going to put above that? Because I have accepted the word I can never die. Hallelujah. What's more valuable pray tell than that. If I stood here till midnight I promise no one in here could think of something more vital. Amen. Amen. See, and I know it's the mysteries of God because a word that was given 50, 60 years ago is still guiding me in unimaginable darkness. Without any revision, God didn't have to send a prophet back. He don't have to send a prophet back to fix anything. God sent us a message and with no revisions. The last update was 1965 and every word is viable today to make me an overcomer and have eternal life. Oh, we are to rejoice in the plan of God for this hour. Do you realize who you are and what God has expended for you? Amen. See, and even though it came and finished coming to us in 1965, it's still a Roman candle that has been unfolding. Amen. Amen. Not in a not in a continuation of of the message, but in a continual manifestation. Because you're unfolding every day into the word. You say, "How do you know that?" because the world's going backwards and you're not. Amen. The fact that you're still going forward. You say, "I don't think I'm making a lot of forward progress." That you're not going backwards is more amazing than you realize. And that's why I've said to you so many times, God is doing more in you, for you, to you, and through you than you are even aware of. You are to wake up every day and say, and rejoice. Say, "Lord God, I love you today. You're going to do more than I can even think to ask you to do. It's still imparting eternal life in this message that is decades uh since its last update. It is still imparting eternal lifechanging experience. How many believe it will carry us on to the coming of the Lord? Amen. See, nothing else will, nothing else can. Only his original seed word is capable of that. See, so you know, I I I I want to just drop that on you tonight. I could almost close and go home and I think you you will leave here today with a greater appreciation for what you're involved in, for what God has done for you in this hour. See, so our existence, we find that our very existence is in the word. I mean, that's why we ascend to the throne. Amen. You will ascend to the throne. That's right. Say, I'm not good enough. It ain't got nothing to do with it. You're part of the word. How do I How do you know? Because you've loved his appearing. I I do. Yeah. You You You didn't You didn't just repent of sins. You repented of your whole self. You didn't want to be you anymore at all. You wanted to be him. When when when he came in, I can't imagine somebody seeing Jesus in all of his glory and still wanting to be themselves. But yet, the overwhelming majority, 99.999% of Earth's humanity choose that because so sadly they have rejected the light of their hour. And here you set a little group of nobodies and you've got eternal life. and you're not going in the tribulation and God is moving among us. I want you to have faith that that's the hour and have faith that you're that person and and put the devil in his place. You need to be cognizant of the authority that you wield the the the the energy of the Holy Spirit. It's a sword in your hand and and the devil is terrified that you'll believe that tonight. I'm here to make sure you believe it tonight. We offer him no quarter. We rebuke him. He comes in, we cast him out. We don't ask. It's not a It's not a truce or a treaty or an armist. I don't need any of that stuff with him. I don't have to I don't have to He's in no position to to make a deal. I have all I have all the authority. I don't have to compromise with him because why? I have committed my life to the son of God and the holy spirit rules and reigns in my life. Amen. Do you believe that? See, so our our very existence is in the word and that's why we ascend to the throne because the the word is headed to the throne. It's why brother Brandon would say when he he's standing there and he saw those sainted group of little girls come by marching to the step of the gospel said she was smooth, clean. What a contrast she was to the that had went by before. And the harlot daughters, they were so nasty. A prophet had to turn his head. He couldn't even look at a vision from God. He had to turn his head in shame and embarrassment. That's how bad you you realize God the the age is so nasty. God couldn't even clean up the vision enough that a prophet didn't have to turn his head. Amen. That's that's where we live, friends. Thank God we got a word. Thank God we got the presence of God among us. Amen. Thank God you there was something inside you that loved his appearing. See, and so so we find out that that he said, you know, here she come smooth, clean, marching to the step of the gospel. And brother Bham says these wonderful words, she was the word. Amen. Oh friends, do you realize you're the word of God? Do you realize that's a direct statement from William Brandham? She was the word. What's the result of me being the word? Instead of going down, she started going up. Hallelujah. Say, I don't know if I can. I don't know if I'm going to be able to go up. Don't worry. You're the word. The word is going up. Hallelujah. Amen. So we live between these realities. You know, we identify ourselves with Acts 2. Those devout Jews in Acts two, as we as we started waiting into, and I got to go a little faster. Those devout Jews in Acts two are people who were uh they were more than merely convinced in their minds. They were pricricked in their hearts. See, and when and when they heard the word under divine interpretation, it had nothing to do with their minds. It pricricked their hearts. They realized their mind had misled them. They realized their theology had misled them and it pricricked their heart. What what pricricked their heart? When the word was brought to them with divine interpretation, I'm here to tell you when the when we heard the word made clear under divine interpretation in our day, something took place. Something took place. It was far more than my head. Something something took place that really that we could all look at each other and go, you know, sometimes it's difficult to express in words. you know, at at least uh you know, at at least at least it's hard to someone who hasn't who hasn't heard that inner voice say amen. But when we get around one another and and we and and I say, you know, there was something inside me that just started saying amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, I couldn't resist it. You know what we did? We did what they did. We followed the command of the word when we heard the word delivered under divine interpretation. Hattered the same way they did under divine interpretation. I followed the command of the word. We repented, friends. And we didn't repent just for our past sins. As I said a while ago, we repented of our whole life, including all including all my previous misunderstandings about God and what it means to be a true Christian. Say, define true Christian. Original Christian, original one, not the 33,000 derivatives that that has spanned 2,000 years. It this word once it came back to a divine interpretation. It's reproducing the original Christian. Amen. See, we took on his name in baptism and from there, what did we do? We did just what they did. We continue in the doctrine of the apostles and prophets. Amen. See, so it so now that means it takes over our lives. So it's not just about repenting of your past sins. It's about following to re all the way through regeneration and then and then getting on the king's highway and you follow the teaching of the apostles and prophets and it molds your life and molds your life and it molds your life and it guides you and keeps you and you you know you're going to you're going to amen your way all the way into a body change. Hallelujah. Get used to saying it because we're going to amen your way all the way to a body change. Oh, hallelujah. I'm going to have my dad pop in my living room one of these mornings and he's going to I'm going to say, "Dad, you're here." And he's going to say, "Yeah, hang on. Yours is coming right quick." And I'm going to say, "Amen. Amen." And the next thing I'm going to hear my voice get younger and my shoulders get stronger and I'm going to start jumping. Amen. Amen. Amen. I amened my way home. Hallelujah. See? Amen. So, we identify ourselves with 2 Timothy 4. We we hear the love letter from the Lord. The love letter tells us that we have a crown to look forward to. The love letter tells us that we have not run in vain. uh you know, we know who we are and our position and we have an inner witness uh that that that these things are not just true, but they're true of us. When I read what Paul is saying about him, I know it's just as true about me. Hallelujah. Oh my. Say, well, you're not St. Paul. I was not ever supposed to be St. Paul. I'm supposed to be the word. St. Paul's my brother because he was part of the word also. See, so it's never been about a a following a man. Following a man might get you part of his inheritance when he dies. It won't get you eternal life because no man can give you that. We're not following a man. We're following the body word of the son of man. Hallelujah. See, we have this inner witness because like Paul, we have loved his appearing in our day. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord the righteous judge shall give me at that day and not to me only but unto all them also that love his appearing. Yes. So, I I've had the experience of Acts two. And the experience of Acts two is that I caught a revelation of the word of God and I said amen to it and I repented of all my sins and I took on the name of the word in baptism and I can and I followed in the teaching of the doctrine of the apostles and prophets. See, there's no question. Say, is it an experience? You better believe it. What will it do? It'll change everything about you. It won't leave any of you left. You're You say, "Well, I I still got my body and I still got imagination, memory, conscious, reason. I got all these senses that are still falling." Sure. But I'm here to tell you something. The real you is inside of those things. And the real you has already moved into the realms where God lives. I'm already sitting together in heavenly places. See? And and so so what what is Acts 2 describing? Second Corinthians 4:8. Amen. They're saying the same thing. The people that that that get a that get a crown in 2 Corinthians 4:8, they get a crown of righteousness and a new body. They're the exact same people from from 2 Corinthians 4:8. They're the exact same people of Acts 2. say, "Why did they get the same reward?" Because they did the same thing. They loved his appearing. They believed his word. They followed the teachings. They changed their whole life. They repented of everything. See, it was it didn't just affect their head. It pricricked their hearts. See? You get that? So, so we see then that brother Brandon would come in this message. This is exactly why it was so important to him when he comes to sers is this the time cuz he's looking at all this prophecy that's supposed to be and he starts and he's now seeing wow a lot of the stuff that was supposed to be at the end time we're here. We've got it. There's a lot of these mysteries that we already understand. Amen. And he, you know, he he he goes into Dr. Scoffield's notes by admission. By admission. It's funny how many people actually plagiarize and never tell, give any credit to anybody. And the man they want to accuse of plagiarism said all the time, "I study the works and quote other men." He said it constantly. So that argument is stupid. I'm sorry, little children. Mom may not allow that word for you if you forget about Jason. They're they're they're willfully ignorant. It's a ridiculous argument. And so so he goes to Scofield and he actually starts reading. Scofield has a you can read it yourself. You can get a SCO if you got a Scoffield study Bible, but go to Matthew 13 and you'll find uh these listings. And he goes down through 11 notable mysteries. And brother Brandham just starts reading them. The mystery of the kingdom of heaven. Matthew 13 3-50. Number two, the mystery of Israel blindness during this age. Romans 11:25, the mystery of the translation of the living saints at the end of this age. 1 Corinthians 15, 1 Thessalonians 4. Now, gladly, I I I'm happy to raise up my hand and go, "Yeah, but once the seals were open, a prophet understood 1 Thessalonians 4 like Scoffield never understood a shout and a voice of trumpet." They never they never caught that. The rapture is a cycle of three events. And it's Christ doing all three while he's descending. I'm here to tell you something, friends. He's only got so far to descend. And he's been descending. Your homegoing is soon. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. The mystery. Number four, the mystery of New Testament church as one body composed of Jews and Gentiles. Ephesians 3, Romans 16, uh, Colossians 4. The mystery of the church as the bride of Christ. Ephesians 5, the mystery of of the of the in living of Christ living in inside us. Galatians 2 and 1 uh Colossians 1, the mystery of God, even Christ, that is that Christ as the incarnate fullness of the Godhead embodied in whom all the divine wisdom and man subsist. Now, they still see him as as three persons, but at least they do understand at least the uh they're on their way to an understanding. if they can just accept divine interpretation. Ver number eight, the mystery of the process by which godlikeness is restored to man. 1 Timothy 3, the mystery of iniquity. You remember the mystery of iniquity. 2 Thessalonians 2, the mystery of the seven stars. Revelation 1:20. Amen. See the mystery of Babylon in Revelation 17. So these great men with in under that man age, they were anointed with brilliance. They their their minds were anointed. They're they're amazing to go through the Bible. I I read from their commentary constantly because now I've I've got the I've got the the the hyper version that I can take a lot of their hard work, plug it into the message and amplify it to a whole new level. You see, and so so the the mystery of Babylon. So so we see, you know, the the major corrections and and brother Brandham comes down. He says, "Now, that's some of the mysteries that this angel of Revelation 10:7, this angel is supposed to wind up all the mystery, all the mysteries of God." And so, and so now, Brother Brandham is looking at Scofield's list and he's saying, "Goodness, y'all, we we understand all of these things even better than Dr. SC Dr. Scoffield, right? because now we we we we we we've got, you know, the major corrections to the Godhead, you know. And brother Brandham, he goes on now, he says here, and he says, "And and the other and may I say this with reverence and not referring to myself, but referring to the angel of God." He's going to need an angel of God because he's not a scholar. Scofield was a scholar and didn't have half the understanding that a Kuckian's going to get from an angel. See, and he says that's some of the mysteries that this angel, so when he saw that, he thought, "Wow, we must really be at the end time." But he says to his audience, now he says that this angel is supposed to bring those things. And the other, and may I say this with reverence, not referring to myself, but referring to the angel. There's other things that we have went further than they did like the true mystery of the Godhead, the true mystery of water baptism, the true mystery of the original sin and what happened. And brother Brandham goes on, the serpent seed that's been hidden, a hidden mystery all through the years, the grace straightened out, not disgrace, but real true grace. Because you have the argument between the Calvinists and the Armenians. And and brother Brandham says, "When the church gets too loose, then I'm an Armenian. But when they get, you know, I if if if but when they get too legalist, then I'm a Calvinist." Neither one of them were correct, but they had some part of them that was correct. And a prophet stood in the middle and was able to to discern between right and wrong and say, "It's not disgrace, but there is a real grace. There is a real blood that atones for you. And God cannot see your mistakes and your sins and your failures. And you stand before God completely innocent as though you never done it in the first place. Say, "That gives me a license to sin." It actually does just the opposite. It liberates you and frees you to believe every word of God. And then a supernatural God is able to change your very nature and begin to build the principles of the word of God in your life. And you amen your way all the way every day. Amen. See the grace straightened out. No such a thing as eternal burning hell. You'll burn for millions of years perhaps, but anything that was eternal had never a beginning or end and hell was created. He goes on, the mystery of water baptism, the pillar of fire. I love that one. Amen. The pillar of fire returning back. That's the thing that's supposed to take place and we see it. That's why prophet is in this message. Is this the sign of the end sers? We see everything on Scoffield's list. Plus, listen to all this other stuff. Listen to all this other stuff we see. And now, as if that's not enough, now we've got the return of the pillar of fire. Is this the sign of the end? Are we really there? And he he says and the here's another one. The sounding of a trumpet in the Bible how that it means get ready for scripture or war. And he he he says this now watch somebody has to you know here he's going to talk about the ages. So he says now and if you're going to reject a prophet then here I'm going to read where you're going to have to live. Okay? Somebody is going to come forth with a chart and draw it all out. Good. Excellent. And somebody is going to come forth with another thing and draw it all out contrary to the other guy. So, who you going to believe? Scoffield or Larkin. Maybe they're both wrong. Maybe Pink was right. Maybe he was wrong. Maybe they were all three wrong. Maybe maybe this one was right. Well, maybe that one was right. You see? And they all had a right. They all had some right. You understand? Calvin had some right. Even though even though you know they they they said to brother Brandon one time said you know Calvin he was a murderer. And he said well he said look Calvin was a murderer. He said the problem with Calvin is he needed converting himself. Wasn't even born again. He's preaching the gospel. See and brother isn't judging his eternal destination. Maybe he ended up getting it. Prophetus said, you know, when he murdered that guy, he needed the he needed a conversion himself. See, and so, so, so we find that, so he says, you know, but God, but watch this now. Oh, no, no. I don't want to, I don't want to be, let's make a deal. I don't want curtain number one, curtain number two, curtain number three. This is my eternal life. Are you kidding? I can't play a game show with my eternal life. And brother Brandham says, "But God comes in the power of his resurrection." And who's going to speak against it? They might speak whatever they want, but it's not it's not it's invalid because God has proven by the presence of the pillar of fire what the word that will bring you eternal life has h has come upon us in this day. And there's no question. It's Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. He does the same thing that he did yesterday, today, and forever. See, bringing forth a a different ministry from all of those chart drawers. Yes. Amen. He brought forth a different ministry that didn't just keep taking people forward in argumentative understanding. He brought a word that took us back to the original. He didn't even try to scrap it and let's build it back. He wasn't interested in reforming the church. He wasn't a reformer. The church was dead. It had kicked Christ out. And Elijah was sent not to reform the church, but to call you out of it. See, because once the life came through the stalk and into the tassel, it was never going to go back in the in the stalk again. Stalk died. Once it went out through the into the ear, went through the shock and came out to the grain, it was never going to go back through those cycles again. It was going on to harvest. See? And so he so so we we see th this ability to bring a a global brag from every nation uh back to the original life. We see the sea gene of God. Amen. I is this the sign of the insers? You know what my answer is? Yes. That that became clear when brother Brandham is preaching. Is this the sign of the insers? The seals prove the answer. Yes. This is the sign of the end, the time of the delay. When he put one foot on the land and one on the sea and raised his hand and swore, "The delay is over. I won't hold back anymore. I'm going to break the seals. I'm going to reveal the mighty God." See, time that those ages shall be no more. See, we see a C gene of God. This adjusted our understanding of predestination and election cuz we realized it was all it wasn't based on being fortunate or or unfortunate. It was based on origin. Amen. Once we understood cene then we understood it's all origin. See it's not a it's not a choosing like like you would you either got picked for the team or you didn't. Wasn't that it's it's origin. I come from God. So naturally, I'm going to recognize God. And naturally, I'm going to go back to God. You see, and listen friends, there's nothing that can stop or prevent that. You can't do it. The devil, there's not enough devils in hell. And hell is even enlarged itself. There's not enough of them. If they all teamed up on you and left all the rest of us alone and all of them teamed up on you, they could not stop God's election, which means they cannot stop your predestination. Hallelujah. Amen. See, so the Bible is one great book about Jesus Christ and his plan for redemption. And we realize by the unveiling of God that we are part of that, that we're actually a part of God's Godhead. We learn about the foolish virgin. We learn all these things that we didn't before know. There's a lot of things we didn't know. We didn't know it was a seed gene. We thought as brother Brandham explained it many times. God just by his fornowledge. You know why brother Brandham taught it that way? Because he hadn't had he hadn't progressed yet to understand it's a gene of God. He doesn't even use that kind of language until the last four sermons of his life. We found out that wow, we thought the only way to get into heaven is to be born again. Now, that's true. But what we found out is to our shock and happiness is that the unwise virgin are not born again, but they in are granted eternal life. And we never knew that. Like, wow, go figure. They they that you say, "How in the world?" because they were righteous people and they and they under and they believed God for everything they knew. Remember that you can't disbelieve what you don't know. And there and if they're not ordained, if they're not part of that origin tree of the election of to be in the bride, there's no way. Brother Brandham says it's not him that will him that runth. It's God that showeth mercy. He said, "If my name was there, I'm sure to be there. If it wasn't, I won't be." That's all. William Brandham. You understand, friends, that do you understand that? That the fact that you can sit here tonight and love his appearing. I'm not talking about understand all the doctrine, but you love his holiness. You love his life. You love his presence. You love his righteousness. You love his word. That that you are to be the happiest people in all the world to know that. Say, "But I make mistakes." They don't count. But I got failures. They don't count. There is thou now therefore no condemnation to them which are in the election. See, so we gained we learned this about the sea gene. We learned this about the foolish virgin. We gained a greater understanding between the fundamentalist and and the auza revivalist. We understand the difference. I think that it was brilliant of God to for William Brandham to cut his teeth on fundamentalism. Amen. He was ordained in the Baptist church. He's fundamentalist. And then he contacted this revivalist. We call them Pentecostals. It's a little bit of a misnomer, but we'll just use it because brother Brandham used it. So he meets the Pentecostal denominational movement. By that time, they're he's a he's I'm one born out of season means he's late to the party. Time he gets there, they're already fractured. They did just what the Welsh revival did in 1904. Two years later, it started fracturing and breaking apart. and it became denominations. It jumped the channel. It jump it jumped the the pond and landed in Isuza on Isuza Street in California and started a revival. And it it didn't even take two years and it was already denominating and fracturing. Amen. And brother Brown said, "By goodness, by the time I got I was just a young preacher. By the time I come down, he said and said in that first meeting, he said, I found they were just as broke up as we Baptist were." See, but he could also see they had some the Baptist didn't have. But then he would I I so appreciate brother Brandham's perspective because he he lived in both of those worlds. And he said, you know, he said, "If I could just ever," he said, "It's like a man, the fundamentalist is like a like a you know, he's got he's he he knows everything, but he don't have any funds in his account. He knows how to write a check, but he's broke. But the Pentecostal, he's got a bank account full. He don't know how to write a check. And he says, "If I could ever get them two guys together, we could have something here." See? And and so so so we learned about a gene of God. We we we learned about a foolish virgin who receive eternal life. We learn, we gain further understanding of the balance between the fundamentalist and the Isuza revivalist regarding the new birth, the the true original experience of Pentecost during the time of the first believers in Jerusalem. That's what we've been taken back to. We understand what really happened. They receive. Say, why did why did those apostles have this dynamic experience? Because they believed the word. Amen. They believed the word that entitled them to the Holy Ghost. Peter says to them, if you'll believe the word too and repent of all your sins, repent of all your unbelief, then you too can have it. And not only you, but your children and everybody, whoever can come by a divine revelation and catch a revelation of Jesus Christ personally. To them the Holy Ghost is given that that that brings a new birth. The revelation what is it? What is a new birth? Brother Brandham said it's nothing in the world but that gene that seed coming to life. Amen. See I got a quote here for that. He says so he so he says here so we we see that this it's a seed coming to life. He said oh here it is sign of the is the sign of the insert. the mystery, the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, but the person of Christ forming in you the same works that he did. Do you realize that second part of that shows? And I don't know why people sometimes get stuck on that. That's he's only speaking about an initial new birth. And there is an initial experience. You have to be born again. Yes. Amen. You better believe it. You can't bypass that. You're a gene of God, but you got to be born again. See, that seed's got to come to life. And and so and it will. Brother Brandham said, if if the light ever flashes over that seed, it'll come to life as sure as anything. You can't keep it down. See? So, so it's not him that willth or him that runth. It's not you chasing it. It's God showing mercy and you realize you're a part of the word. Oh my. But I don't know why they limit it to to an initial experience. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, this ain't Scofield. This is brother Brandham saying this is what we've understood further than Scoffield by that angel. And I don't know why they limited the Holy Ghost without sensation. That that the whole argument is a ridiculous argument. They're arguing over nothing. They're arguing over what's the what's the initial evidence? Well, it's not a sensation. Well, but you're going to have a s and the whole goes back and forth. It's it's not even I don't know why they limit it. The the quote doesn't limit it. The quote shows that it's the person of Christ performing in you the same works he did. So what it's showing it's more than an initial moment of a new birth. It's a gene coming to life and it's a whole lifetime of you moving forward by faith not by sensation. Because when you fail, you have a sensation. I failed. You're depressed. Your faith, but you don't go by sensation. And the Holy Ghost doesn't depend on your sensations. Say, "Oh, I feel on top of the world." It don't do it. Don't depend on that either. It It depends on are you believing the word of God? Is your whole heart and your whole mind saying, "Amen." Amen. Amen. See, so he says, "Who is this? Melzdc." And then here's what happens when you're born again. Then when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. And that spirit, Holy Ghost, that spirit is nothing in the world but this seed word made manifest or quickened. Hallelujah. Made alive. And when the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it. There is no question. Your whole nature is changed. There's no more desire of the world. See, say, "Will I stumble?" You might, but you'll repent. You know why? Because you can't live that way anymore. And what is it? What is it? You say, "Are you sure he's talking about the Holy Ghost?" Here's his next line. And what is it? Now, remember the it is the seed word made manifest, quickened. All right. What is it? It's the earnest of the resurrection. This body will be raised up again because it's already started. Wow. Say, can you miss the rapture? Impossible. I'm already on my way. I've already passed from death to life. So, it's more than than just a a silly argument over some initial moment of the new birth. The new birth comes by saying amen to every word. Not your head, your heart. See, it's all the minds I It's all the mind battles you face every day and Satan condemns us because we stumble and you struggle. As I've been preaching from Sunday, I I read to you how many uh men of God have their ups and downs. We we went to Paul. We went we went backwards to Elijah. We went on back to David. We went on back to Moses. And brother Brandham said, "Every last one of them, and even Moses committed the worst sin that any man of God has ever committed. said that one time it threw out and broke the whole plan of God. Nobody had ever done that. See, and so we find out that we struggle with our ups and downs in our daily walk. But you know what? You keep chasing something, you know, and and and and here here's the here's the sad part. people who have loved his appearing and have walked with God and love it and they know they love it and their whole nature has changed and they make a stumble and the devil tells them, "Oh, you're done and now you're all defeated. You're you're chasing sensations. It's not even about that. It's not has it's the Holy Ghost without regard." Can I say it that way? It's the Holy Ghost new birth without regard to how I feel or what you think. It's my love for the almighty word of God and it goes my entire life. That's why brother Brandham in the second half of it describes a life going forward, not just an initial event. See the arguments in the wrong place. That's why they argue over it. See, and we struggle and then you know you you then Satan gets you down and then you know what you do? You start chasing something you already got. Amen. And the next thing you know, you're not sure and you're back to the altar again. Do I got the Holy Ghost? Am I really Christian? Where's your heart? Listen, listen to what Listen to what brother Brandham, he he he he's going to come down to here. It's a beautiful quote. He says the in the masterpiece, he says on the interview a few moments ago, I was speaking to a person in the room that's present now. Now, this was Sister Georgie Bruce. He tells about it in another place. Yeah. a godly sister, full of the spirit of God, had been a Christian for many years. She's sitting in brother Brandham's office before he goes out to preach. She says, "But Brother Brandham, I'm not sure if I'm born again." See, he says, "On the interview a few moments ago, I was speaking to a person in the room that's present now said, "But brother Brandham," now here, Brother Brandham is a prophet trying to tell her what I'm telling you. See, look at look at your attitude toward the word. Look at your whole heart. Look at your life. Look what's changed here. Here's her rebuttal. Let me say it to you tonight. Don't rebut the prophet. But, Brother Brandham, I have so many things, so many things that I know that's wrong. And he says, "And a godly little woman." I said, "But look, sister, everybody listening? You listening? Here's Elijah. This is July 1964 in a sermon called the masterpiece." You know what made him a masterpiece? A piece flew off. And he's the masterpiece. He wouldn't have been a masterpiece if there wasn't another piece. He's the masterpiece. And you're you're you came from him. And I said, "But look, sister, you don't look at yourself." Hallelujah. It's the Holy Ghost without sensation. Amen. Stop stop letting your emotions dictate to you whether or not you have been born again. Say, "Well, how do I know when from your heart you can say amen to every word of God?" And that means so be it unto me my whole life. I want the word. I want everything. I want I want more of him, less of me, more of him, less of me until it's all of him and none of me. You'll have that on resurrection morning. But my advice is to you, pursue it. Now you want to press, press. Now you want to stretch stretch for that. Hallelujah. See that's why brother Brandham that I mean I mean if you think about it friends brother Brandham says see you don't look at yourself because that that's why brother Brandon would say away with experience as your measuring line. He says that in the church ages away with experience. We have gone by experience and not the word. Away with experience as your measuring line. There is only one plum line, only one rod, and that is the word of God. So away with experience. I don't care whether it's ups and downs, good or bad, happy or sad. It's not about sensations or experiences. It's about my faith and my acceptance and my whole heart in love with this his appearing in this hour. That's how I know that our crown is awaiting me like it's awaiting Paul because I like Paul have loved his appearing. Amen. See, Paul didn't say because I shook. Paul didn't say because I had some sensation or experience. He said, "I've loved his appearing." There's a crown for I have loved his appearing. Thank you, Lord. See? And I said, "But sister, look sister, you don't look at yourself. It's just what your desire is and what you try to do. And if you really love the Lord now, if you really love him and it's not just lip service and you're not just a church member warming up, but if you but if you and if you really love the Lord, you try to serve him with all your heart and then and then should I do a cliffhanger and make you wait till Sunday? No, you'll go home and read it. And then all your mistakes is hid in the blood of the Lord Jesus. See, see, he made a way. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, where do you live, friends? I live between Acts 2 and 2 Corinthians 4. I have repented of my sins. I've been baptized in his name. I've loved his appearing. I've received the word for my hour. My whole heart and life are changed and I'm trying to serve him and I'm striving and I'm not going to worry about how I feel. It's not about sensations. I'm not going to trust experiences. I'm going to trust my heart that I know that I know that I know I love every word and even in my ups and downs, I come back to it again and again and again because I can't get away from it. I don't want any other life. I only want his life. H I have loved his appearing. How many love his appearing? How many want only his life? Let's stand, friends. Oh, I've loved his appearing. I don't want see when you really love him the right way. Say, "Oh, yeah. I love him." And if you really love him, if you really love the Lord, now let me say if you really really love the Lord, then you love the commandments of his word because he is his word. And if you really love the Lord, you might stumble, but your heart wants all of God's righteousness. And you don't care what the word tells you to get rid of. You don't care what comes across the pull pit that tells you to clean up and get rid of it and sanctify your life and dedicate your heart. You love the Lord and you love the word no matter what the word says. That is saying amen to every word. Amen. Saying amen to every word is not a head thing. Saying amen to every word is a desire to say Lord so be it. Brother Bram said amen means so be it. You're saying so be it unto me everything in your word. No matter what it is, no matter what it caused me to separate from. Amen. No matter what it caused me to to to change. Amen. No matter what it c tells me that that I got to do this instead of that. Then I'll do this. I'll say amen to till to your whole life. you. What you find, friends, is as you start growing spiritually, you find that amen's come a lot easier. And no matter what the Lord says to you, it means so little and he means so much. The other the world might look at that and go, "Are you crazy? You're going to throw away. You're going to throw that away." And you you got your whole career and your life and everything's invested. That means nothing. Like brother Brandham said, when you get this kind of revelation, this world, this life means very little. Only only No, I'm not being killed. I'm okay. This life means this life that we live means very little. The only thing that counts is home. Sister Debbie and I were talking about that sitting out. I stepped out of my office. Wonderful thing to get a text from your wife. Sitting in there studying all day. Get a text from the woman I love. Says, "Hey, beautiful day. You want to sit on the porch on the swing?" That's a no-brainer. beautiful woman, invite me to sit on a swing. Are you kidding? Yes. And we sit out there and we just start talking about the Lord. And I said, you know, sweetheart, you know, we are when brother Brandon made that statement that this life means very little. And he said, you know, he said, and the older you get, the the more that becomes real. And I said, you know, we're already two years older than he was when he said that. Yeah, he passed away at 57 years old. We're already more than two years older than he was when he said it. And in a world much worse, I'm here to tell you, the older I get, the more that world means, the less this world means. Is that is that is that your heart tonight, friends? Wow. I hate to keep bringing these kind of weighted sermons on a Wednesday night. It just comes to me and I got to preach it. I've been hogging it so much like crazy, but I'm having a good time. You love the word. Hey, run on up here and gather with me. Let's Let's take these requests. I got a whole bunch of them. Brother Tony, sing us something while I get these requests up [Music] for a country. Oh yes. Sing it my brother. to which our name. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Come on up tight now. Come on. Come on. Come on. Step out. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're You're blocking Sister Mom. She wants to come closer. Come on, mom. Set the example. Come on, Rosie. There you go, honey. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And time willing [Music] for [Music] you the land. Oh, lift it up friends. my longing for you. And someday and someday glory only I'll sing [Applause] [Music] my home shall be eternal. No [Music] land, [Music] [Applause] sweet love. Brother Kenny writes, "A friend of Anita and I is struggling with severe anxiety. Devil loves the demons are tormentors. Her ex-husband is trying to sue her and her father is going into surgery right now. Her name is Christy and her dad's name is Wayne. Please pray. I promised them we would. Brother Luther has a very special unspoken request and he's asking prayer for Sister Melissa writes, "Brother Jason, I need another prayer cloth for a coworker." Amen. and sister sister Melissa, you're going to be on the you're going to be a most wanted poster in in hell's post office if you keep doing this. Amen. You're going to be on the most wanted criminal cuz you keep you keep breaking the kingdom down. I need another prayer cloth for a coworker. Uh the cloth is for her husband. My coworker works out with Carrie Miner who is aware, many of us know Carrie, who is aware of the young boy. You know, we've had these miracles that have been taking place. Said she's aware of the young boy we have been praying about that I have been testifying about. Not the little one that we have given the other prayer cloth to, but the 14-year-old. She's amazed at what God has done for him. So, let me get these up here so don't forget that. Um, we want to also remember uh the George Martin family. Brother George went home to be with the Lord uh today and uh well up in years and battling some various illnesses, but Amen. He's he's home safe. Amen. Home free. Praise the Lord. Our brother has graduated. Amen. I have a request also for my nephew Brian. And um Brian, as you may may remember, is my nephew that uh is in the wheelchair. He's a paraplegic and had an accident as a teenager. And um he had some kind of an injury that got infected in his leg. The last we heard he's in the hospital. It's several times they started saying his leg is five times normal size and they may have to amputate it. And so they're asking prayer for uh my nephew on sister Debbiey's side of the family. Also, um brother Samuel, St. John, and uh Sister Lisa, brother Gary, sister Lisa's son, and we all most of us know brother Samuel and the Lord uh delivered him several years ago. Brother Matt, where you at, Matt? Uh behind me. You remember you prayed and he was he was hearing those voices and the devil and he he his pathways were corrupted when he was a baby. Had an episode and so he he can't fight against it like you and I can. And and he was actually going crazy. Very devout young man, very godly, wants nothing to do with the world. He must be 18 or 19 by now. and uh and and the devil talking to him, driving him nuts and hearing voices almost, you know, even even had suicidal thoughts. And brother Matt actually prayed for him and God healed him on the spot instantly. And he was completely recovered and stayed that way for years. Sister Lisa informs me that the enemy is bringing that back on him again. And uh we're going to pray it right off again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Come, Sister Melissa. My ministers gather over here in the middle with me. Uh, step right there, sis. Let me have all my ministers right here. Put your hand right on top of that, sister. Amen. Let brother Joe through there, brother Matt. Amen. Come ahead, brother. All right. Praise the Lord. Uh, yeah. Slip on down here, son. Now, this is the husband of the coworker. All right. Oh, wow. Right. All right. We're going we're going to send this out. All your brothers, put your hands here. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, having seen you already work, Lord, how could we doubt? With eagerness, Lord, we send forth this prayer cloth that it should defeat the enemy, Lord, on all points that the Lord Jesus Christ would be glorified and magnified. That Jesus lives and Jesus saves and Jesus heals. That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That we are believe that we are that group who know their God and we will do great exploits. And Lord, we ask that the enemy, Father, be rebuked by the Holy Ghost. And father, may you bring complete victory and may it be a witness to those who are under observation of it. We commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, sister Melissa. Let's pray. Let's stay right here. Let's pray for Samuel. Uh take the hand of someone standing near you and we're going to take up all of these requests. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, Lord, we stand for brother Samuel St. John. Lord, you've already delivered him of this and that's just a devil tormenting him. Father, we ask that Satan take his hands off of God's property. We ask the Holy Spirit, who is the enforcer of God's word, that he would soundly rebuke the enemy. May he be humiliated, Lord, and go into dry places and leave tormenting your son. I pray for Samuel's complete deliverance right now. Father, for every demon of anxiety, we call for the complet deliverance, your bride, Lord God, in this world that it's a plague upon even our even your family. And we call for freedom, oh God, in this hour right now. We're believing, Lord God, for the special requests that Brother Luther has. We're believing, oh God, that you'll comfort the family of Brother George. We're believing, Lord God, these requests that you will meet them, Lord God, by the power, Lord, of your resurrection. Meet these special unspoken requests and all the written requests that have been sent to us. Lord, we've read them and called them out before you and we commit them now into your hands. Lord, may you grant it. Remember Brian, Father, I pray you rebuke that infection in his leg and may he be made completely whole in the name of the son of God, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Turn around, shake hands with somebody near you. Amen. Sister, sweetheart, God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. You love the Lord. Amen. Anybody got a testimony before we go? Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Matt, uh Tony, we're going to Where's the Where's our Oh, here we go. I get it. All right, Matt. I think you're should be fire in the hole. Um we on? All right. Um this is actually on behalf of my wife Katie. Um the other couple weeks ago we were sitting on the couch and she got up to go get some tea and she tripped over the cat and face planted right into a cabinet and the corner of the cabinet went into her eye and instantly went blind and the eye just just had a concussion. Um and um immediately I laid hands on her and we we went to prayer and um as soon as I finished praying, vision was restored in her eye and um I mean the whole time she was blind and then when we finished praying she could see again. There's still a lot of pain. Um she was real concussed, very very bad. Um to the point where I was about to take her to the hospital because she couldn't keep her sentences together. Like she was slurring real bad. Um, she was having like cognitive issues where she could not like she there was a carton of heavy cream on the table and she could read the word heavy cream and knew what it meant but she couldn't say it and that's not good. I mean that's at that point I was ready to take her to the hospital and we kept praying and she said it was like a someone flipped a switch and all the any kind of cognitive effects completely cleared immediately and um it was I just want to thank the Lord cuz there was one one final detail to that that was kind of miraculous in its own right. Um, she was wearing her glasses when she hit the the table. And that particular pair of glasses had just been beat all to thunder and the the lens on the glasses, the screw had been replaced several times cuz it kept on popping out. And that that lens just wouldn't stay in the frames at all. And when she hit that just full force onto that lens, it stayed in the frame and it didn't come out. I don't know how that's possible. like you could just pop it out with your fingers and it folded her glasses basically in half. But that that lens protected her eye or it would have I it would have tore eye out in the name of the Lord. So I just want to thank the Lord. Amen to that. Anybody else? Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Oh, brother. Brother Matt, you probably remembered last time you preached here on a Sunday morning, you had a prayer line up here for a lot of people when I come in the last several months. I just I just realized today I was like, man, I've been having prayer for my lower like kidney stones or something. It's like every three weeks I'd have pain in my lower abdomen. And so I come up for prayer and all the brothers laid hands on me and just realized today it's been two months. Wow. since I've had a pain. Hallelujah. I want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. Amen. We got four minutes till nine. Anybody else? One more. Will we give one more? You got to use the mic, brother. That way the way the internet can hear you. Um I just want to have prayer for Becky. She's been hurting in her side. And I want to get a prayer cloth to take to her, too. So Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay. All right, Mom. All right, let's let's pray over this prayer cloth. Brothers, come on, gather around again. This is for Becky. Sister Becky. Okay. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we send forth this prayer cloth, Lord, with a specific mission that Lord, when it would lay upon and come in contact with our dear sister Becky, that every afflicting devil would have to flee by the power of the risen Christ. We take authority over it. Lord, your your family is entitled to help. Father, you purchased it at Calvary and we will not surrender the rights of our sister to an enemy. We call for her complete healing in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. All right, brother Joe. All right, Sister Mom. Oh, yeah. All right. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I lay hands upon my mother. Father, I commit right now the Holy Spirit that Lord, the supernatural power of God would surge through her. Lord, take away whatever the inflammation or damage or whatever it might be. We condemn it. We let let heaven record that at this moment as as the duly authorized family of God, we condemn the work of this evil spirit tormenting my mom. And we ask that the Holy Spirit rebuke the devil. We ask that he take his hands off of God's personal private property. May she be well in Jesus name. Amen. All right, Mom. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Praise God. We're going to let you go. It's Oh, got another one. Okay, you got minute and a half. Wait. Okay. Oh, wow. This boy, the devil's going to take a beating. Come on back again, brothers. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sure, sister. We've had so many miracles. Why would we not? You know, there you go. All right. Now, understand, we're going to believe for a miracle. All right. Father, in the name of Jesus, we lay hands upon this prayer cloth, Lord, that it's going for a specific need. Lord, the enemy, he's already, Lord, trying to figure out how to prevent this. He's He's already beaten. He's already defeated. We call for his complete defeat. We call for all of his works to be overthrown. May the Holy Spirit overthrow all of his works and plans. And may there be deliverance, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Let the Holy Spirit travel now and bring this to pass in the name of Jesus Christ. We believe it. Amen. Now, don't you doubt it a bit. Amen. Praise God. All right, we're going to believe it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. All you people that take these prayer cloths, don't you don't you even have any second notion in your mind that it won't happen. We've already called for it to happen. We've already seen it happening. We know by the Bible. Is this the sign of the end, sir? Yes. Hallelujah. Are we the sign of the end? Yes. The world is the Gentiles receive no other revival but the one we're having right now. We are the sign of the end to the world. Amen. God bless you. Turn around and shake hands again. Give somebody a double blessing. We greet you in the name of the Lord and we're going to see you this weekend. God bless you. Sing for us, Brother Anthony. Amen. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Holy believe. [Music] Holy believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Ally believe. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. [Music] Water you turn into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. None like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Into the darkness.
