################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-07-05 - 230705 - Jason Watkins Prayer & Purpose - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-07-05
Title:    230705 - Jason Watkins: Prayer & Purpose
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCvrEEaMZLo
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Evening Service "Prayer & Purpose" on July 5th 2023. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
life. [Music] It was mercy [Music] rolled my life. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down. [Music] mercy rolled my life. [Music] Mercy rolled my life. Mercy [Music] rolled my life. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down. and mercy [Music] rewrote my life. See it was mercy [Music] rolled my life. It was mercy rolled my life. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down but your mercy reoll my life. Let's give the Lord a wave of offering this as we sing again. Sing it was mercy rewrote my life. [Music] It was mercy rero. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul has down but mercy reoll my life as brother Luther comes. Oh, mercy rolled my life. [Music] It was mercy rero. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy [Music] rewrote my life. ing mercy ruled my life. It was mercy ruled my life. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul has now mercy [Music] reode my life. Hallelujah. You thankful for the mercy of God. Amen. Where would we be without it? Amen. I'd be cast down, gone away, nothing left of me, but because of a gene seed and nothing that I have done. What grace and mercy. Amen. A loving father. Amen. If you have a request upon your heart this evening, you know, I got loved ones. I got all kinds of things going on. But I just commit it all into his. I know he knows about me. He knows what I have need of. I hope that wasn't me. Anyway, I'm just standing here. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Father, I love you, Lord. So many times I think of why would you love somebody like me, Father? What was there done that I have done that you could look at and say, I like that. When I look and see my failures so often, my slips, I hear and feel that tender hand that just reaches down and tells me, "Get up, son. Just keep going." Lord, I thank you for that. I pray for each and everyone here, Father. Lord, the request upon our hearts in this dark day. Such a stressful time to be living in Leodysia. Everything's going dark, Father. But there is still light in Goan, light in our souls. I thank you for that, Father. Lord, I pray that you bless that gospel light this evening. Bless the tithes and offerings of your people, Father. Lord, bless the cheerful giver. Pray for those that are streaming. I know as I streamed a few services last weekend, Father, to feel your presence in the house. It was so powerful, so wonderful, Lord. your word going forth and your manifestation so evident. I pray for a a refreshing this evening for each and every one of you believing children. Father, I love you, Lord. I praise you. Remember the request upon the hearts. I pray that you meet everyone in Jesus Christ. I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rero my life. One more time in worship. Mercy rewrote my life. It was mercy rero. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rero my life. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. I'm sure happy to be home. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want you to take a few minutes and just walk around a little bit. Let's do something a little different and just greet your brothers and sisters. Amen. Say, "God bless you." You don't have to just shake one or two hands. Just reach around and have a good time. Amen. In the Lord. Amen. Give me the key of F. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifting me. Oh, wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifted me. Put your hands together. Say, wherever I go, I'll praise him. [Applause] Oh, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, live in me. [Music] Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifting me one more time. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like the sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lived in me. [Music] [Applause] Let's sing a little bit of Worthy is the lamb. Believe us G. [Music] Worthy as the lamb seated on the throne. Crown you now with me. crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for this cross. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love Lord. Thank you for the nail. Pierce hands wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace [Music] worthy is the lamb. Seated on the throne. Crown you now with me. Crown you raining to [Music] high lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Holy is the lamb seated on the throne. Crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. [Music] I lift it up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. Dear Lord, with the prize [Music] clear before our eyes, we find the strength to press all in Jes. Jesus name we praise in Jesus name we praise dear Lord we arise eyes clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Let me hear you sing it in worship. Sing in Jesus name. We press on in Jesus name we praise on dear Lord with the prize clear Before our eyes, we find the strength to press on. Let me hear everybody sing it now. Music play softly. day in Jesus name we press on [Music] in Jesus name we press all oh dear Dear Lord, win the prize. [Music] Clear before our eyes, we find the strength to press on. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother Joe. Amen. If y'all come and give us a song. Amen. And your wife. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Amen. [Music] Such a moment. [Music] I never was a good man. It was much the other way. [Music] And I know how it feels to want to give up on some days. And I might hold the record for the most mistakes made. But to a man called Jesus, I'm a trophy of grace. [Music] And no, I don't deserve all this love that comes my way. And anyone who really knows me still can't believe I'm okay. And you may never find my name in some old hall of fame. [Music] But he's got a place to put me cuz I'm his trophy of grace. [Music] Now it's just in our nature to wander outside the lines till pain and disappointments they make their way into our lives. But unmmerited favor. It conquers all our sin and shame. Oh, and we become God's treasures and Satan's prizes torn away. And no, I don't deserve all this love that comes my way. And anyone who really knows me still can't believe I'm okay. [Music] And you may never find my name in some old hall of fame. But he's got a place to put me cuz I'm his trophy of grace. [Music] And you may never find my name in some old hall of fame. [Music] But he's got a place to put me cuz I'm his trophy of grace. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many is ready for the word? Amen. Let us stand G. Amen. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] How I love Jesus [Music] because he first love me. [Music] See, oh how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me. It tells me of a savior's love who died to set me free. It tells me of [Music] your love. Nurse perfect faithfully. Say, "Oh, how I love you. [Music] Sing. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus because he first love me. To me, he's so wonderful. To me, he is so wonderful. Oh, yes, he is. to me. Oh, he so so wonderful. Thank you, Lord. To me, [Music] he is so so wonderful. Because he first loved me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. That would make him pretty wonderful. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. You happy to be in the house of God tonight? So happy to have you here tonight. Amen. Trusting the Lord um is going to uh didn't know if I would take this follow-up service on Sunday, but I wanted to. Amen. So, tonight by the help of the Lord, I'm my plan is and plans are subject to change. I mean, subject to my change. I might get a change. We might all get changed and none of our plans come to pass. But, uh, my plan is to maybe take, uh, the first Wednesday of each month. I've been, uh, I started a month ago on a life principles series and I only got to preach the opening uh, introduction. We titled it the final example to the final eight. Taught it on a Sunday school class and was planning to, you know, go forward with that, but had other ideas, so we've had to wait. But, uh, I'm hoping tonight to move straight into that. Amen. I want to speak to you tonight on prayer and purpose. This will be the second installment uh in the life principles series. As I said, the first one, you can find it on Sunday school about a month ago, the final example to the final age. In fact, uh I probably will make a number of points and I I actually do have two or three quotes side that I showed at that one uh just to give a refresher. Amen. And u there and for all the extra people who didn't see that. Amen. All right. So, we're going to look let's have u presentationise. All right, we're going I'm going to go and read your announcement then, Matt, while you're getting that set up. Praise the Lord. We were going to wait on the end, but we'll go ahead and read this now. I think they're going to put it up on the the Matt's going to post it to the church. Also, reminder for the garage sale, you can drop off uh your donated items on Thursday and Friday. this week between 12 and 6. Uh, please call or text Brother John and Sister Meredith before drop off. That's where you're dropping them off apparently. Uh, Sister Meredith has some flyers to advertise if you know of somewhere to post them. See her after service for copies. And please be praying for some unusually cooler, dry weather on Saturday. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we had some freaky cool weather, you know. um a few weeks ago. So, I don't know if we got any of that left or not. So, but hey, you know, prayer changes everything. So, we're going to speak on prayer tonight and u purpose found in prayer. Praise the Lord. All right. So, prayer and purpose. We're going to look at Luke 11 1-4. If you want to turn in your Bibles, you can have it here on the slide. Gonna work next prayer and purpose. Now, let me let me give you a little bit of a tip just so that you will not get lost in the transition that I'm going to take tonight some things that I've been studying on prayer and actually the whole purpose side of it the Lord added in uh only a day ago. And um I I have a lot of things on prayer that I've read over the years and and so this is kind of you know I want to move into it. I definitely won't finish it tonight. Uh but uh we we want to really approach prayer from an angle perhaps that hasn't occurred to you. I know that the more I studied it, I was finding so many things that hadn't really occurred to me. It's kind of an almost an aha moment uh at times. And so I I want to you just to give me your undivided attention as we look into it. All right, let's get started, shall we? prayer and purpose. Luke 11 1-4. And it came to pass that as he was praying uh in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray as John also taught his disciples. And he said unto them, "When you pray, say, Our Father, which art in heaven." Now, I want you to catch the breakdown of these words. So, you have a father. Amen. He lives in heaven. All right? That's that's going to be so important that you visualize that. You're here on the earth. He lives in heaven. All right? Corporally the feet of Jesus does not touch this earth again when he ascended on the mount of olives. And and those angels said, "You men of Galilee, why stand you gazing here? The same one you see go will in so like manner come again." He does not put his physical corporal feet back on this earth again until Revelation 19 at the end of the tribulation period. So, so is he here among us? He is. But he has no feet but your feet and no hands but your hands in this world. See, no lips but your lips in this world. All right. So your father uh which is in heaven. He he sees from heaven. All good things come down come down from above from the father of lights. Amen. Am I Am I right? All right. So, catch what Jesus is saying here. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Now, catch this. Thy kingdom come. Who's the kingdom? Turn around and say, "Hello, kingdom." You're the kingdom. If you don't have people, you don't have a kingdom. You have a king. But if you ain't got people, you don't have a kingdom. All right? Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Now, I chose Luke's version rather than Matthew 6 because of the way Luke words it right here. Thy will be done. As in heaven, so in earth. Amen. So, I want that in your mind. As in heaven, so in earth. All right. So now have I got you understanding that there needs to be some connection here? There needs to be some operation for that place to operate in this place with me. All right. Give us day by day our daily bread. And forgive us our sins. For we also forgive everyone that is indebted to us, those who trespass against you. And lead us not into temptation. So you're you're going somewhere. You're being led, but not in temptation. Amen. You understand? So the point is you're being led and you're praying. Don't you're going to lead me, Lord, and I'm going to follow. So, lead me away from temptation. Don't lead me into temptation, but deliver us from evil. And then, uh, Matthew picks up here, for thine is the kingdom and the power. So, now we have we found there's a kingdom. We found there's a God in heaven. There's a kingdom in the earth. This earth needs to reflect that heaven. There's power and glory forever. Amen. Let's pray. Lord, we thank you for your word that has been read this evening. And Lord, I just ask you now to be with my mind as I break this thought to the people. Lord, help me to describe it correctly and that I might create a picture in their mind, Lord, that it might be an awakening, Lord, to see the this great great life principle of prayer and purpose. I commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Now, in the last when I did the introduction, I I I I wanted to catch the these weren't I I don't think I used these. I have some other ones that I that I did use, but I want you to look at the prophet here in the breach between the ages and the seals. Brother Brandham says, "And when the lamb slain walked forward from eternity out of the father's throne and took his rights," so it's his rights. It was a judgment seat. All right? So this is Christ, an image of Christ receiving his bride. How many want to manifest this? Receiving her at long last. Oh friends, receiving her at long last. Amen. Into divine fellowship and glory. And he says it became a judgment seat. Then he become not a lamb but a lion king. and he calls for his queen to come stand by his side. Now this has a a a direct application to you as a believer just before the catching away and the catching away. We are I believe in the corporal return of the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother say why do you believe that? Cuz brother Brandham said that's what believers believe. How many believers do we have here tonight? I believe he's coming. I don't believe it's a metaphor. I don't believe I'm in the millennium already. I've said many times, if this is the millennium, I want my money back. Oh, somebody tricked me. And so we I look forward to a corporal return of the Lord. I believe that the dead in Christ will rise physically and we physically will be changed into and sped up into that dimension and meet the Lord in the air. I believe that our future is bright. Amen. Amen. When I put my mind on that, nothing the devil does says really matters very much to me cuz I know I win anyhow. Amen. and I get restored to me everything the cruelty of sin took from me. I get it all back. Jesus said he loses nothing. Not just people. He loses nothing. Whatever image he had of you, that's going to be given back to you. Amen. I can't help what happened in life that took it from us, but I just know this that the devil loses and I win. So, so we find that he calls for his queen to come stand by his side. Now, that has an application right now because because we you say, "Well, that's when we go up in a rapture." But we also know there's been a descending of the mighty angel. And we also know that the word the same word like Noah when he built the ark, that same word that destroyed the world, but yet it God saved Noah in an ark. And so the very same gospel I just heard brother R say it today. The very same gospel that saves you is judgment to the unbeliever. See? And so we realize friends that right now we are we will stand by his side physically around the throne. But right now I am standing as an image of the word that he sent to this earth right now. Amen. Amen. you're that's that's why I opened with in this life principles series I opened with a title the final example to the final age. Amen. All right. More more on that in just a little bit. So he goes on. Now we we we showed you this last time from Nehemiah chapter 2. This is uh the king and and Esther on the throne. Uh and the king said unto me, speaking to Nehemiah, the queen also sitting by him. Only time in the Bible you find that. And the commentators all agree, history agrees, the math all agrees. This was obviously Esther seated. and and we and we said to you that uh on the last time that it actually Esther was seated on the throne at the approaching time for the feast of tabernacles speaking in one voice with the king. Now, the feast of tabernacles is the millennium, and you're right at it. And right at it, the the queen is now speaking in one unified voice with the king. And that's why Revelation 22:16 says, "I, Jesus, have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches." Now, look what he says. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and the morning star. Now, there's a there's a purpose for him saying it like this. See, he says, brother Brandham, Brother Brandham picks that up here and he says in uh uh uh provided God's provided place of worship, he says the morning star, the alpha omega, he is all the whole thing put together. He is both root and offspring of David the bright and morning star. He said he was that that be means he was before David in David and after David. Amen. So now the the fact that he's alpha and omega means that Christ was in bride form in Paul's day. Christ is in bride form again. Alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. the first and the last. It is the first and the last, the beginning and the end where he exists and lives, his pure bride who is who has accepted only the word of God and has rejected all other word. Amen. And therefore, brother Brandham could go on to say, now that you know you're included in alpha and omega, did you know that? Amen. Did you know you're included in the first and the last? Literally. Not figuratively. Literally. See, because it's been Christ what made him the alpha? He was in his church. What makes him the omega? He's returned in his church. And brother Brandon based on that could go along to say in him dwells the fullness of the godhead bodily. Where? Say it with me. Where we say it, we we in there are sons and daughters of God in God's Godhead. Hallelujah. Amen. That's quite a lofty position. Praise God. You are literally a part of God's Godhead because you're part of his expression. You understand that? That goes to prove that you were always in him and now you've been you're an expression of him. You're sons and daughters of God because you came from him. All right? Now, so when we look at it like that, so then this is exactly why we have the spirit at the end time and the bride like a hazarus and Esther, like king and queen just before the millennium. You have the spirit and the bride at the end of it all saying, "Come." She's the She's not only the last one to offer uh redemption to the world. She's the only one authorized. You heard me comment here some time ago. I was telling a story about some years ago when the Pope offered a Jubilee, a blanket Jubilee to the world, and they asked me about it, the brothers in Quebec, and they said, "What do you think about the Pope's Jubilee proclamation?" I said, "It's illegitimate." They said, "Why so?" I said because only the bride is authorized to offer jubilee. Only the bride can remit or retain sins. Because only the bride has the word of God. Only the bride can give eternal life. But the eternal life comes through the body. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the spirit and the bride say come. Now I'm Why am I angling this so hard in this direction? because I'm trying to get you to understand that. Okay, let me finish it. The spirit and the bride say, "Come." Let him that heareth say, "Come." Let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely. That's a pretty open invitation. I I reject that the world can cry foul, right? Amen. Because the invitation is so freely given and so wide open and covers every base and has a bride around the world beaming it to the world. The world is without excuse and I don't accept their pity party. I just say come to the fountain. Hallelujah. The reason that I'm angling this so hard in your mind is because as I demonstrated to you last time, whether we're talking about whole house family values, applying the token to your home, principles for a godly marriage, raising children the Bible way, transitioning your teen to adulthood, biblical dedication and finances. Regardless of what it is, we are the final voice to the final age. We are the final demonstration. We are the final example. You are the last will and testament of God's word and will for the earth. Amen. You get me? So, brother Brandham goes on to say in the rising of the sun and as he being the groom, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him and it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelation all the revelations any others has spoke of the bride. It can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. It isn't the bride. The bride looks like the word. The bride. I'm not talking about everybody that believes the message. The devil believes the message. He knows the will of God. He just refuses to do it. The Bible says you believe in God, you do well. No kidding. The devil does the same thing. Amen. See, so I'm not necessarily talking about who are just a people who are convinced of the doctrine. Listen friends, there is a there is a big gaping difference between agreeing with doctrine and having a revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. There's a big difference in that. Amen. See, so I know this that the bride looks like the word, dresses like the word, acts like the word, talks like the word, reacts like the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. The bride is diligent like the word, faithful like the word. Hallelujah. Honest like the word, eager, zealous like the word. See? Amen. All right. We're we're teaching on life principles. You were you with me? So he says it can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. It isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power. I love that. Power of his power. She is him. Now don't cut to the chase and go saying, "Yeah, power. Mhm. give it to me. Well, if you want power like him, if you want power of his power, you need you need to have life of his life. You need to be bone of his bone. You need to be not faith in the son of God merely, but the faith of the son of God. All right? She is him. Beautiful, beautiful quote. As man and woman Oh, did I miss one? As man and woman are one, and woman taken from his side, she has taken a spirit, the feminine spirit from him, the flesh from his side, made both mechanics and dynamics. See, that's the that's the male and female part of it. Amen. Mechanics and dynamics. the wife, the spirit of him, and the flesh of him, and put it together, and made mechanics and dynamics. So, there's a flesh of him, and there's a flesh of him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Put him and she is him together, and you've got mechanics and dynamics. Like a husband and wife. All right. Brother Brandham says now, he says in Speak to the Mount, we read this months ago in a in our lengthy series, if the person through the atonement sanctified by the blood of Jesus Christ can live into a sphere with God so close that he can be wrapped so completely in God by the blood of Jesus that it wouldn't be him talking. It wouldn't be it would be the Holy Spirit speaking these things. Amen. And brother and brother Brandham goes on to say, "And no more than I'd said that till the anointing of the Holy Spirit struck me like I have never had before in all my life. God knows that. I raised up to my feet. I got scared and something said to me, "Now this is the beginning of your new ministry." Amen. See now ask what you will and it shall be given to you. What is a fold of the third pull? Brother Jason a bride with the mind of Christ speaking with creative power. Not you see it's not you deciding it's that you made a choice. Say oh yeah man give me that. I want that. You know, you there first of all, you wouldn't even know how to do it un wouldn't know how to operate it. You'd mess it up unless you're willing. You're willing to live into a sphere with God so close that he can be wrapped so completely. This is the man so wrapped completely in God. I say, Lord, it's that or perish. It's wrapped completely or bust. I have no no desire to have any degree. I'm not chasing nine out of 10. I want all of it. I want to be so completely wrapped in God that I have obviously stopped at some point thinking my own thoughts entirely. All right. So, let me see what I want to hit here. All right. So we come then to prayer and purpose. And I want to give you a little sub little subheading here, a little subtitle called kingdom connectivity. Amen. Connectivity is how your phones operate with the towers and your computers operate and your watch and your your phone and your computer and your tablets and and your your smart appliances and that they all have connectivity between them and it enables them to think as one so that you hit a notice here, a notice here, notice here and and and notices that you get over notified. Amen. But now I'm brother Brandham always shows us that what you see happening in the world is just what's happening at a much higher level. The fact that that we have an information superighway. I'm here to tell you we have an information superighway. Amen. That we have artificial intelligence. I'm here to tell you that's a sign to you and I that the mind of Christ is now ready to flow completely in his bride. Amen. They're worried about an AI takeover. I would love to have a word of God take over. Oh, I just say take over right now, Lord God. Take over all my life and all my mind and all my plans and all my dreams. Amen. When we talk about purpose, various sources that I drew from describe purpose as in in a number of ways. Let me give you this list. It's quite informative. Purpose describes, you know, when you're living with a purpose, some define it as the ultimate expression of the human condition, the culmination of our rational faculties, our emotional drives, and our moral values. Purpose is a big word. Others claim it is also the essence of what separate I thought this was interesting. It's the essence of what separates us from the rest of the natural world that it's that which elevates us to a higher plane of existence. Because as human beings with with the power to reason and free moral agency, then the then we are we not only are the only ones that have the ability to raise up and live with a purpose, to live for something larger than yourself. Amen. To live for an idea. To live with a purpose. To live on purpose. Amen. I'd like to say to live with righteousness on purpose, to live with holiness on purpose. Do do I have some purpose-driven people here today? Amen. My How about it, young people? How about you teenagers? Do I Do I have some teenagers, some young people, some senior youth that say, "I want to have purpose in my life." Amen. I want to make some statements to to the senior youth here in just in a moment about this very topic. One source mentions that it it that living with purpose means aligning one's actions with the principles, excuse me, aligning one's actions with one's principles and being accountable for the consequences. No wor no wonder we have such an aimless world because nobody will accept consequences. It's never anyone's fault and no one will admit guilt and that's I that's not an exception to the rule. That's the rule. And everybody everybody's playing by the same rule book. People get fined. People get penalties but no one admits guilt. Right. Amen. And the government allows that to happen because they also want to admit guilt and nobody admits guilt. And and children want to blame it on parents. Uh spouses want to blame it on each other. Amen. Somebody's got to be to blame for the terrible problems I'm having. That's the spirit of the age. I I say defy that. I say if you're going to live with purpose, be willing to say I I will live by principles of God's word and I'm ready to face the consequences of it. See, so it's aligning one's actions with one's principles and being accountable for the consequences. It means being aware of one's place in the grand scheme of things and contributing to the greater good. I thought that was very noble. I found that in all the various sources that I drew meaning from this very large word, I found that that they all seem to agree that living with purpose brings many benefits to yourself and many benefits to others in your orbit. perfectly uh contraise. If you are aimless and don't live with character and principles, then those in your orbit will suffer. Yes. Listen to some of these advantages. Now, young men, young women, pay real close attention because here are some advantages of living with purpose. If you live with purpose, it fosters a sense of fulfillment, satisfaction, and happiness. It enhances one's self-esteem, confidence, and resilience. It inspires creativity, innovation, and excellence. It generates positive impact, positive influence, and a positive legacy. Now I ask you today, friends, is there any purpose that you could think of better at establishing these admirable qualities that that more than living by a divine purpose? Could you imagine if if mankind is willing to see and can see and admits that just having a purpose, I mean your purpose might be to conquer the world. I don't know. But your your purpose might you know people have all kinds of purpose. Oh I want to go to Nashville. I want to go to Hollywood. I want to be on a ball team. I want to do this. I want to be rich. I want to have this. I want to have that. And people run with all kinds of purpose. But I'm here to tell you that if if just the fact of having purpose can can generate positive impact and positive influence and positive legacy. What would happen if your whole life was dedicated to the divine purpose? for your life. Amen. Here's a question for you, and I got a following follow-up question right behind it. What do you see as your divine purpose? It's a fair question. What do you see? What do you see as your divine purpose? My follow-up question is is an attempt to give you a little clarity and help you along to think about it. What do you see as your divine purpose? Why did God redeem your soul and yet leave you here still? What's life about? He redeemed my soul from sin. Let me just go to heaven. No. You mean you're going to redeem me and give me eternal life? Yep. That I can never lose. Correct. I'm sealed in. Yep. Signed, sealed, and delivered. Yep. You're already in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. But I'm going to leave you here. Why? Because I have a purpose. I have a purpose for you. And that's why I redeemed your soul. Because the only one the only the only ones that can be redeemed are the redeemable. Amen. See, we're not talking about basic salvation like those who acquire at the at the end of the millennium. We're talking about redemption much further than salvation from destruction. Redemption means to buy back to bring back something that previously was. That's why brother Brandon would say only the predestinated are considered in redemption. See, so living your life, I want to say this to you today now as you're thinking about your divine purpose. I'm talking about life principles. These are life principles. Living with your divine purpose is not easy. Amen. It's not easy. Not in this world. It requires courage. It requires discipline. It requires sacrifice. Amen. I want to read that little list again. Living your life with divine purpose is not easy because you're in a world that hates all things divine and the whole world from education to business to entertainment to recreation to the functions of living. Every day, whether you're in the market, whether you're in the woods, whether you're wherever you are, the whole world is designed to defeat you living with divine purpose. They don't mind you having purpose as long as it's not god- driven. So, living a divine purpose is not easy. It requires, I say again, courage. It requires discipline. And it requires sacrifice. Yeah, absorb that. It requires sacrifice. Nothing worth having is worth having at all if there isn't some cost that has to be paid to get it. If it just falls in your lap and it's just free, you won't value it. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't have that effect like as if you went out and struggled and sacrificed and earned it. Amen. This world ruins men. Amen. It robs them of divine purpose. I want to say to young men today, I want to say to you uh senior men, senior youth, particularly senior youth men, young men from from the age right here. Mason, how old are you? Oh, you're 13, almost 14. And that's the beginning of our senior youth group and it goes on up from there. I I hope Sister Deborah doesn't faint when I'm about she's at home with Elijah sick. But I want to say to all of you young men, rebel. Please rebel. Have a spirit of rebellion against Leodysa. Amen. That's it. Amen. Rebel young men against that spirit that has made a generation of not men, a generation of dish rags, jellyfish with no fiber and no character and no integrity, no leadership, no morals, no scruples, no character. Rebel against it. Have some discipline. I charge you today, you young men, have some discipline. Make up your mind now while you're young. Make up your mind now. I'm going to be driven by character. I'm going to have a divine purpose in my life. Don't go another day without it. Paul said, "I write unto you young men because you're strong." Amen. I challenge you young sisters to do the same. Do the same. Hold your virtue by the highest standards and morals. This world seeks to do nothing but pollute your mind. And and young girls at very young age are being ruined and polluted before they can hardly escape the cradle. And they're being ruined and polluted. Amen. and homes and parents who have lost their natural affection for children. Amen. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You, you young men and young women, thank God for Christian parents. Thank God for a pastor in a ministry who loves you. Thank God that we'll tell you the truth. Hallelujah. I want to say to you, young sisters, be an impeccable lady of the highest order. Amen. of the highest order. You should require any man who wants your attention. He should be gallant. He should be honest. He should be decent and decent minded. He should be a hard worker. He should be diligent. I'm here to tell you, if he doesn't, Listen, sister, if he doesn't pursue excellence now, I promise you, he won't do it after you marry him. Amen. Amen. Divine purpose demands determination. Divine purpose demands constant growth and learning. I told you that divine purpose requires courage because the diligent pursuit of it exposes you to criticism, much opposition, and conflict. But living a divine purpose is worth it. It's worth it. I'm here to tell you it's worth it living a divine purpose. You'll never regret a day that you spent striving for excellence in divine purpose for your life. It's the only way to make your life meaningful. It's hard to face years and decades and turn around and see others excelling, going past you, circles around you, while you linger and languish in in laziness and contempt and nothingness and get decades in and your peers have already excelled and you're just spinning your wheels trying to blame somebody. [Music] Oh, put the blame on the devil tonight. Resist him, reject him, rebel against him, and say, "Tonight, I'm going to take divine purpose for my life." Not only is it the only way to make your life meaningful, it's the only way to transcend the limitations of this physical world. Amen. God redeemed you. He redeemed your soul, but he left you here. Now, it's a mouthful. Now, I'm now I'm going to turn a corner. Coming to prayer, and it's part in purpose. I said to you that purpose is the only way to transcend the limitations of this physical world. God redeemed your soul and yet left you here so that so that so that your physical life can transcend the limitations of this physical world. God redeemed your soul to do nothing less than connect you with a direct connection to the source of all existence. Connectivity to the source of all existence connects you to your purpose in life. No other source, no other source but the source of all existence can reveal to you true purpose. I'm sure you know who I'm talking about. You actually have a head start. You were made in his image. Connecting your soul to God takes all the guesswork out of your life. Amen. Amen. Connecting to God, having divine connectivity to God takes all the guesswork out of your life. Thus sayaith the Lord will settle 99% of any and all anxiety you ever encounter from the cradle to the grave. It'll take 99% of all the anxiety just being in connection with thus sayith the Lord. Say brother Jason what about the other 1%. Then there is that 1% where you will encounter things and they will present questions and I'm just here to tell you sometimes that 1% is going to be a question of the answer of which lies in another world. Amen. And you'll get your answer but you might not get it here in 1% of the cases. But I'm here to tell you, if you're connected deeply to the source of life, even in those times, even in those times when there are no answers to the trials you face, there will remain in you an abiding peace that passes understanding. There is no substitute for being connected to the source of all existence. Amen. The greatest dimensional portal to living in the divine purpose God has for you is prayer. Prayer is a dimensional doorway. Prayer is actually as simple as ABCs and yet more profound than quantum physics. more profound than any knowledge can put it in a textbook. Prayer in what it's and what and what it can do and how it does it. But yet it's so simple. I mean it it's it's so rich in power, you know, it's so deep in understanding. That's all true, but yet its workings are simple. A child can pray. Amen. a child can pray. In fact is the Lord has no trouble getting a child to pray. He easily gets them to believe their simple faith is almost like a shield against unbelief. It's grown-ups. It's adults, adult men and adult women who have who have, you know, encountered hazards of life and trials and tribulations and ups and downs and ins and out and disappointments. too many disappointments and sorrow somewhere along the way. You know, they they they they if you're not careful, you get into a place where trial after trial and hardship after hardship gets you to a place where you you know that you you get further and further away from the only source that can help you. Amen. The devil bends your mind and clouds your heart, darkens your reasoning, and and the love of God is glowing all around you, but you're you're you're closed in in anger and bitterness and dissatisfaction of life. Oh, let me tell you tonight, there's an answer for that. There's a there's a bomb in Gilead that can bring healing to you right now. Amen. Somewhere along the way, people sometimes allow Satan to convince them. They they they get into such a fix and they get in a hole and try to dig their way out. And the only do thing they do is dig theirself further in. Sometimes Satan can convince them they are their own best answer. That's always false. Amen. If you got you into it, you ain't going to get you out of it. Amen. You're going to need a higher power. Somebody who's smarter than you. Somebody who knows the end from the beginning. And it's going to have to be somebody who cares. Let me tell you, Jesus cares. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a sad state to get in. Young men, young women, don't get there. Don't allow yourself to go down that road. The God of this evil age has persuaded too many. Too many that fortune and glory, education and popularity, these are the true best goals for life. You know why people believe that? Cuz they've fed on too many poisons and toxins of this sin-cursed world. Amen. Their divine purpose is hardly acknowledged at all. No wonder, no wonder Jesus said, "Unless you come as a child, unless you're willing to come as a child and humble yourself and say, I renounce the very notion that fortune and glory is the best thing for my life. I renounce that education and popularity are the holy grails for my life." They're not divine purpose that God redeemed you for yet left you here. The divine purpose of what it is he wants out of your life. There is nothing in any degree. If you take one degree less than that, that's one degree less power, one degree less glory. If you take 50% less, that that's 50% less satisfaction, 50% less happiness. Just get ready for 50% more anxiety, 50% more trouble, 50% more weariness. world. One writer called it a prodigal. Called the whole world that. And God's family come in lost in sin. But yet the Holy Spirit has managed to win some of his children back. Here you are sitting today. You know why? Because the Holy Spirit led you back. And it's a it's a it's a fair wage wager that somebody probably introduced it to you or you saw something or you met something or heard something or you were born into a family and you were told something. One way or another, God has got you back and now he has a divine purpose. Go and get the rest of them. Hallelujah. Those of us who have been won back from the devil may be the very pathway back. Amen. The very pathway back to God for others that you want to see make it. I got some people I want to see make it. I might be the pathway back. When God When Christ is invited, Brother Bram says he always comes. when he's invited. You see, there's only one inlet of power in the human life. Listen, friends, don't forget this. If you go home tonight, and this is the only thing you remember, there is only one inlet of real power, and that's the Holy Ghost. I don't care what you ever achieve or accomplish. I don't care what station you arrive at. It doesn't matter. They might you might have your name in lights. That doesn't matter. The only form of real true power that can give you real true divine purpose is the Holy Ghost. Amen. He eagerly enters every door that's open to him. That's the good news. He comes in by invitation and consent. And if you invite him, he'll come. And if you invite him today, say, "Lord, take the cares of this life off of me and fill me with your life." He'll do it. That's his promise. Oh, his promise within is the vital thing. But with many of us, here's the problem with many of us. Even while he's in, he's not really in control. He's kind of like a guest rather than a host. I just say, Lord, how about you be the host and I be the guest for once? How about you set the direction? How about you do the leading and you do the guiding and you do the deciding? How about you, Lord God? Just take over my life. I I just I just want to be the guest here, Lord. You be the host of this temple. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm here to tell you something, friends. There's no limit to where prayer can lift you to. You may listen, you you might be the rarest of all saints. You You might have the greatest brain ever known to to the human race. You might have the the the best mental disciplines. You might you might have you might have a prayer life that would put us all to shame. But I'm here to tell you that there is still yet to you even to you with your superior mind and brain and prayer life and everything you got going there's yet untouched ground that even you can achieve too. The the bottom line is we should never stop excelling. We should never stop seeking. We should never stop pressing toward the mark. Amen. Say, does prayer make a difference? Prayer does make a difference. There's no limit, as I said, to where it can lift you. Prayer changes everything. You hear me? I'm fond of saying that. People say prayer changes things. I say prayer changes everything because when you pray you unleash powers that are very ancient and very powerful and they spun worlds into existence. I I was just sharing a a little thing with uh brother Mark the other day and we're all time tossing back and forth these little tidbits that we see. we both have an interest in these things and they were talking about you know their latest telescope that they've they're launching and they're going to study you know a hundred I think a hundred billion galaxies and it's just a little little area of space but it's a 100 billion galaxies and billions of billions of stars in each galaxy until it just starts blowing fuses is I mean, you know, do you know why they they they they find they try to find all of these classm so planets. They try to find water. You know, if we can find the the building blocks for life, you know, if God was going to put life on there, he would have done that. He would have put water. He would have put an atmosphere. You say, "Well, they they do have places, brother Jason, they do have places where they can see that that's kind of close. There's some atmosphere there and there there's probably some ancient water there." And and I just say I say, "Why is there no life there?" Cuz God hasn't seated them yet. He hasn't seated them yet. But they're there for a reason. He doesn't do anything. I'm preaching on purpose. God doesn't do anything without a purpose. Oh, there's a land beyond the river. One of these days, friends, Brother Bam said, "Everything you've ever wondered, all the questions you've ever had, it'll all be answered on that other side. eternal unfolding of the mystery of Christ in the eternal ages to come. What a day. Prayer changes everything. I got to I got to hit a pause place here. It ch here's something that prayer does. It changes the man or the sister. Yeah. Amen. It changes you if you let it. Amen. Do you have things in your life that the the devil has on you and he constantly gets it over on you and you don't want it and you don't like it and you hate it and you've had to repent so many times. Oh my goodness. Friends, I'm here to tell you I have one thing I have proven. Prayer can change that. Prayer can take that thing off of you. Prayer can ascend you into the heavenlies and God can can build word on top of word on top of word on top of word. Brother Brandham says if you need that, ask God that you've got a prophet's privilege. A prophet is saying to you, ask God to pile word on top of word on top of word until you come into the image of a son and daughter of God. That's what prayer can do for you. It's prayer. Prayer is your purpose. See, prayer connects you to your purpose. Prayer can give you the discipline to turn off those toxins and poisons that are killing your spiritual life, killing your power with God. Spurgeon says, "Banish forever." Look here, young men. Banish forever all thought of indulging the flesh if you would live in the power of your risen Lord. Amen. I'm not I just got one question. How many want to live in the power of the risen Lord? Then banish forever. Here's an old veteran telling you, "Banish the thought of it. Forget it. Say, Lord, take it away from me. Purify my mind." That's why I said, "Young men, be disciplined." Young sisters, be disciplined. Be excellent. Amen. Hallelujah. Prayer. I want to say make these last closing comments before I move to I got just one illustration slide and a quote I read at the end as we're calling the musicians forward. But let me get this first. At heart, prayer is not a shopping list. It's not what prayer's for. Say, "Well, I need to tell him all my needs." He already knows them. Your father already knows what you have need of. And he's already promised to supply it. Half the things you fred over in prayer, he's already got in line, ready to drop on you. All you have to do is accept his promise. Bring your life close to him. Live up there in those spheres. And I promise you, power of God will start dropping in your life. Amen. At heart, prayer is partnership. Now, that's an angle I want to really drill in. Prayer is partnership. It means a man or a woman of God and the Lord Jesus are working together for the same thing. That's prayer. Amen. Say, you got scripture to prove that? Absolutely, brother Brandham. And I've got not only the scripture to prove it, but I've got a prophet's interpretation of the scripture. Jesus stood looking one day in the gospels and he looked out and he said to his disciples, "The field is truly the field is white under harvest, but the labors are few. Pray ye to the Lord of the harvest that he send forth laborers." And brother Brandon picks that up and said, "Here Jesus was saying, pray to the Lord of the harvest that he sends laborers." And he said he was the Lord of the harvest. And he said, 'What was he saying? I want to do this. This is something I want to do, but I want you involved. I want you to pray. I want you to connect with me. I want a partnership. I want you to ask me to do what I already want to do. Why? Because this is about a kingdom. This is about a a kingdom of saints in partnership with Christ. That's what prayer is. Two persons knit together in a strong tie of personal love and affections. You and Christ to be totally absorbed in the same driving objective. See this is prayer. This is a light coming from the father. And the only way to get it into the earth through seven church ages is to send it through a sun, to send it through a prism, to send it through a type of Christ. And it breaks the life of God down into all seven ages. Amen. This is this is what what you're doing and what he's doing. This is a partnership. This is camaraderie. This is you and Christ. Uh that that's why the Bible says that you're heirs of God, but joint hes with Christ. An heir of God. That word in the Greek just simply means you have an allotment, but nothing's been allotted because you not even been born again. You're an heir of God, but you differ nothing from a child, though you be Lord of all, the Bible says, because you haven't been born again yet. See, once the tutor comes along and you get a new birth and you get sealed in, then now you're not just an heir of God. You become a joint heir with Christ. That means that you have an allotment and something has been allotted and you are standing with Jesus shouldertosh shoulder and reaching together in the treasure chest. You are joint hes with Christ. A joint heir. This is what prayer. This is what the purpose of your new birth is. It's for you and God and your mind and his mind and your heart and your heart to come into the same purpose. So that he's walking in your feet and talking through your lips and acting in your hands. He has none but yours. He's called for his queen to stand by his side. Hallelujah. Everybody prays sometime. People say, "Oh, I'll never pray. Let me tell you, a desperate need in a critical moment pulls the heart of sinner to his knees. There's something inside of every man. I don't care whether they'll admit it or whether they just know it when they're lay their head on their pillow at night. As I've said many, many times, you can be one thing and be all brave and be all tough and have a and be an atheist as if you want to be, but when your life comes down to the edge and it's just you and God. Amen. I'm here to tell you something pre friends that even prideful men I when something there's something inside of every man even prideful men that that make him make him want to lift up his inner heart to some unseen force. There's something in him that does that. It's in every man everywhere. S you know sin sin pulls you away. It's Christ that pulls you in. And and and the devil gives everybody religion. See, religion is, you know, why have we had religion for thousands and thousands and thousands all the way back to recorded history? Uh they've got they've got cave drawings of people worshiping. Yeah. Amen. Why does he do that? See, because there's something inside him. Of course, religion is is just the superstition blinded attempt to get back in touch with God. That's what makes the gospel of Christ the only true religion. Amen. Hallelujah. because it answers. Only the gospel of Christ answers to that longing in the heart of a man. To get back in touch with his maker. He's somewhere. I know he's somewhere. The deep calling to the deep. I'm here to tell you the gospel of Christ is the one true source of truth. It's the It's the whole truth. It's nothing but the truth. The truth of how of how things actually stand between God and man. How we come into the world without hope. Five minutes in the presence of God changed us back to our original true relation. That's what prayer can do. It's knowing him and the power of his resurrection. I know brother Brandon use it both ways. The scripture is to know him and the power of his resurrection. Amen. Brother Brandham coined it both ways. You can see in the quotes he'll sometimes say it that way and sometimes to know him in in the powers. It's also true. It's also true. Both both sayings are true. Prayer is the natural expression of that longing in every man's heart. God answers prayer. I'm over time. Can I take seven or eight more minutes? Amen. God answers prayer. That's a fact of prayer. That's a fact of prayer. God answers prayer. I mean, you can see it in nature. You can see how that a a little child who is too young to even be able to form the words yet, but can reach up to a to its mother. And somehow her with her motherly instinct, she hears these certain sounds and half-pronounced words and a reaching hand and a pleading voice. And what happens? It's as if that as if there's some unseen presence over that child that bends down and hears the petition and meets the need. Hallelujah. I'm here to tell you that's exactly what happens to a a man at work when he he he he's being pressed upon by this job or by the world or by money or by this and he don't even have time to get alone and pray. So, you know what he does? He just sends a prayer up from the inside. He just sends it straight through and an unseen being bends down and listens closely or some sister in her daily duties and some trial pressing her soul. I'm here to tell you there's an unseen man who bends down and listens closely to do what? Meet that need. Why? Because he loves her. That's prayer. It's not a Santa Claus. It's a relationship. It's a partnership. It's you being the conduit of his life in the earth. He doesn't come to the earth until Revelation 19. But he's got he's got a pipe. He's got a tunnel. He can get his life down into the earth and it'll go everywhere because I'm carrying it and you're carrying it. And we become the word made flesh again. Hallelujah. That's prayer. that unseen one, the great lover of my soul. That's a simple fact of prayer. Prayer gets things done. It changes things that need changing, things that otherwise might go unchanged and damage somebody. Prayer gets it done. Prayer, you know, if we're not careful, we just let Satan roll right through our families, roll right through our homes, roll right through our children, roll right through and we get all afraid, we get all nervous, and the sky is falling. You got prayer. You can arrest that devil. You can be an effective barrier. You can contact God and bring the power of God to bear upon that thing. I don't care what it is. It doesn't matter. There's no power like God's power. It gets things done. Things that can't be done in any other way. People get help. Sometimes it takes a certain kind of power. And the problem is people need a power and there's no way to get to that power. There's no way to get to it. Not in this, not in this body. So you know what happens? Prayer swings into action. Amen. Two hearts get connected. Yours and his you're you're you're connected and you're you're connected. You're walking around now. You're anointed with power. Now you're serving him. Prayer isn't to serve you. Prayer is to serve him. See, it releases a power. I'm telling you some friends it defeat that's what that's what brother Brandon was talking about when he said it'll defeat Satan anytime any place under any condition doesn't matter what it doesn't matter what it is it releases a power that gets things done that's what prayer power prayer is the power to get things done so now you have a purpose now you have a purpose I read you a whole list of how wonderful it is to have purpose now you know what purpose really is? For you and God to be in partnership and for him to drive his will through you and me. Friends, there could be no greater accomplishment in life. The next time you pray, I want you to remember friends that the simple fact of prayer is that it it it it hard it it softens hard hearts. It changes stubborn wills. It solves problems, impossible problems. It answers questions. It opens up ways when there was no way. It sickness gives way to health. Finances get blessed. Marriages get repaired. Children get saved. Whole families get restored. This is the simple fact of prayer. Prayers go up. It's true. Prayers do go up and nothing comes down. That happens. Prayer is not, listen, prayer is not you trying to change God's mind, trying to change his will. Prayer helps you to accept his will. Prayer is to get you in harmony with what he already has the will to do. So you're when you're asking him in prayer, nothing wavering. You're asking him to perform all his will. And prayer is to get you conditioned to receive it, whatever it happens to be. It's not to change his mind. That's not the purpose of prayer. And sometimes people don't they pray and and and and nothing comes down. They say, "Oh, I don't believe in prayer." Well, that's ridiculous. Oh, I don't believe in God. I don't believe in the power. Well, that's that's nonsense. I don't I people don't even actually believe that. They believe they believe that. They don't even believe it themselves, right? I mean, goodness gracious, you you're I'm sure we've all had times where our clock stopped and wouldn't work and you wound it and shook it and banged it and put batteries in it and it was done. Did you lose confidence in time? Did Did you stop operating by time? You You find a watch that works. You find a clock that works. You don't give up on on clocks. Amen. Your cell phone uh loses signal. Do you give up on cellular technology? Your internet won't connect. So what? Yeah. Move some wires. Do something. Reset it. You don't give up on that. So sometimes, listen, people there, we get cars break down, trucks break down. You don't throw the truck in the river. What's wrong with it is there's a a little part somewhere that has stopped working. You don't lose confidence in the truck or the car. You fix the part. Sometimes people can't get a prayer answered. I say, "Go through and find a broken part." There might be something broken in your home or your life and you just need to fix it. You don't stop praying. You don't doubt God. You you you investigate. You repair. You turn over every stone. You repent. Oh, I got to stop. I just got to stop. Prayer works. Even if it's not working for you, it works. Amen. These are just simple principles that underline prayer. So simple that anyone with faith, a pure heart, and a clean life makes use of this great power. It's not a matter of brain power, special ability, education, or social standing. It's really a matter of you choosing to be a vessel of God. It's that simple. One big simple principle that lies at the very root of the whole thing is that you come in contact in connectivity with Christ. Amen. That you connect your life to him. Amen. Being a companion with him, being a partner with him. Please, the next time you pray, hear my words turning in your head. When you pray, think of it that way now. I'm a companion to him. I'm a partner with him. He's my true friend. Until, friend, you do that until he becomes more real than just some distant being in heaven. He literally becomes a part of your everyday life. Brother Anthony, bring your team. Look at this quote. Brother Brandham, catch it. He's in a prayer. Now, read with me. He's in a prayer. I love I You know what I love? I love to listen to Brother Brandon pray. You know why? Because years ago, I said to myself, "Wow, what would a prophet pray if he prayed?" And I'd like to kind of hear what a prophet would pray. Here's what he prays. Lord, he's saying, if I have found favor with you, Lord, I pray that you'll send a double portion tonight that it'll be that I will not speak, but let the Holy Spirit speak in who I testify. And may in speaking, may great signs and wonders break forth. And may this whole audience, I'm praying that right now. May this whole audience break forth for that living water springing up like geysers out of the soul. Lord, that you told this Samaritan woman about. And may we lay our tired, weary souls at your feet tonight and drink until we bathe into the beauty of God. Until we forget about we forget all about this sensebound existence and move out yonder into a place where the spheres beyond the stars where we can find favor with God find healing for our bodies and rest for our souls. How many want to get past this sensebound existence? I'm tired of feeding these senses. I'm tired of struggling. I I want to have purity. Let's stand to our feet. I want to have wholesomeness. I want to have zeal. I want to have character. I want to have drive. I want to have power with God. Abandon all thoughts of mort of satisfying the flesh. Mortify the deeds of your flesh. Amen. That you may have power with God. Amen. Come and gather around, friends. We're already out of time. Come on and gather. Brother Anthony, sing for us. Amen. I mean, Brother Matthew. [Applause] Come on, gather up close. I'd rather be led by his nail pierced in than to be the king of a master and be held in sin Praise him. I'd ra [Music] Jesus [Music] afford. Let me get these requests. Brother Matt, just keep playing that for me. Sister Ruth. Sister Deborah asked prayer for Elijah. very sick at home. I also spoke to brother Juel today. He is home from the hospital, but the devil is still fighting him very severely with some kind of bronchitis or something in his lungs. He's suffering quite a bit. He's asking for prayer. Brother Joel Forny, Brother Richie Douglas also asked for prayer today. The devil's been battling him. He fell and hurt himself and somehow something got in the wound or something. I wasn't too clear, but it's really made him sick and he's asking the Lord to help him. Brother Blue's entire assembly, Brother Lee Blue, uh y'all know perhaps Brother Joe, the short stocky black brother, has a mustache and he's their song leader and their deacon. Brother Joe, um his family, I think he lost six members of his family, including his 101year-old mother, to a violent crime. It's in the news. And uh they have some young man captured who went in and slaughtered them. And and uh Brother Joe's really hurting tonight. Lost a mother and a brother and a bunch of nieces. And um they're asking for prayer there for the entire assembly. Let me see. Um, my mom has a praise report. The church prayed last week for my brother Vic. This my uncle Vic going in for unexpected open heart surgery. He had four bypasses and doing great. Thanks to pray. Thanks for praying and and and God and answering prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think that's all of the prayer requests I that I have. If I don't uh remember any others and I don't see any others than anything this world affords today. Oh, let's raise up our hands. I'd rather have Jesus. I'd rather have Jesus than anything. [Applause] I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or land. I'd rather be led by his name than to be a king of vast domain. or be held in sin. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today. Take the hand of somebody standing near you. Lord, we are coming to you tonight on behalf of our own little brother Elijah. Lord, sickness has struck his body just yesterday. Saw him running around wide open, full speed, robust little boy. The enemy's come in, Lord, to try to bring sickness on him. We condemn the work of the enemy. I pray against the devil, Lord, and I ask that the Holy Spirit release our little brother back to health. I ask that Satan take his hands off of God's property. Satan, you are a trespasser with no rights whatsoever. Lord, we are praying for brother Jewel tonight, your servant, Lord, and the devil has battled him sore, but Father, he's he said, Lord, the He told me, he said, "Brother Jason, the devil's fighting, so I'm just going to keep fighting." Well, we're going to fight with him in prayer. Lord, I pray you'll raise him up back to health. remember brother Richie Lord also with this terrible sickness Lord. Father that's battling his body speaking to him today. I can hear the weakness in his voice. I pray Lord that you touch your servant. Father, we're thinking Lord Jesus of of our own little baby Zoe tonight. Lord God, this church standing in one mind and one accord. We will not back away. We are asking for a miracle from God on high. Lord, you are the you are the you are the leader of your family. You are the father of all your kingdom. Lord God, none can move your hand or stay your decisions. Lord, we're asking and appealing for our little sister tonight. Lord, we're asking for brother Lee's assembly and brother Joe. Sad day and broken hearts, Lord. Father, his mother, a wonderful Christian sister and believer. She's not suffering at all, Lord. She's not stressed. She's happy. But we're sad for the family, Lord. That's a terrible way to lose loved ones. And I I just say the cruelty of sin knows no bounds. Lord, have mercy. I pray, Lord, on that family. Oh God, lift us up above the shadows, Lord Jesus. And may we, Father, stand, stand, Lord God, with arm in arm, faith in faith, heart to heart, and take take, Lord, the whole kingdom for the glory of God. May you grant these things to us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing again, brother. He is here. Hallelujah. Oh, he is here. Amen. Oh, he is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. For he is here closely. Hear him calling out your name. [Music] And you can touch him. You will never be the same. Amen. We got a wonderful testimony from Sister Jean already. Anybody else got a testimony before we go? Sister Melissa. Um, some Oh, here we go. [Music] I think that's one pass that [Music] um I had was visiting with my nephew who lives in Georgia. they stream our services and oftent times they'll asked us um to pray for certain things and I don't even remember when it was that we put this prayer request in but today when we were visiting we was just talking and and you know one conversation led to another and he we had started talking about um um it well what it led to was he was talking about falling and he said that one of the guys he worked with had fell I think he said 30 or 35 ft He's like, "Yeah, we prayed for him, remember?" And honestly, I I didn't. He's like, "Yeah, we turned the prayer request in." And he's like, "And he's made a full recovery." Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Any others tonight before we go? Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Well, still getting you out at 9:00 even though I preached too long. I had a preacher, a seasoned veteran. He said, "Brother Jason, stop apologizing for your time." He said, "Just preach the word, brother." So, I told him, I said, 'Well, well, I almost said his name. I said, I'm going to try to do that. I said, I'm going to try my best to I said, I'm getting a good I'm get I got a fresh start. I ain't been preaching in six weeks, so I'm going to I told y'all Sunday, I said, since I have to go slower, you may have to let me go a little longer. Amen. Turn around and shake hands with somebody standing near you. Say, God bless you, friend. Amen. God bless you. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] is here. [Applause] [Music] He is here. 6:00 tomorrow. Holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. [Music] He is here. Holy [Music]
