################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - 250402- Jason Watkins Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 2 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-02
Title:    250402- Jason Watkins: Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 2
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUE9scy6aEw
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Evening  service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 2 " On April second  2025. We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Praise the Lord. Let's all stand together. Happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Everybody happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Turn up their mics. Will you turn up their mics? Amen. Let's sing this song. The splendesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Oh yes. Darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great. How great is our God. [Music] Age to age. Age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The godhead. Three are one. Father's spirit son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. And you're the name above all name. You are worthy to be praised. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Sing it again. Your name and you're the name above all name. You are worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing how great is our God. Even another verse on land and sea he stands. An open book in his hand revealing the son of man. Revealing the son of man uniting time has come. Oh yes. The bride in Christ our one. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. How great. Hallelujah. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. One more time. How great. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great [Music] how great is our God? [Music] We're going to invite him into service tonight. How many has a need? Let's lift up your hands to him. We know he's here to supply all of our needs. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just always want to thank you for the opportunity we have to come and gather in your house, Father. Lord, to worship with people that believes the same way, Father. Lord, we just want to invite your presence down in the service now, Father. Lord, we want to make you feel welcome, Father. We don't want to leave you off in a corner somewhere, but God, we want to wash your feet today, tonight with your with our praises, Father. Lord, may you anoint every part of this service. anoint our singing, a special singing, but most of all, anoint our pastor as he brings forth the word tonight. Father, we got people missing. Lord, I just pray, Father, people's had surgeries, people are sick, Lord, people are traveling. Lord, may you just be with each person, Father. Lord, I just place this service into your hands for your glory. Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Why don't you greet one another as Mother Brad comes around? Praise God. Let's sing that days of Elijah, brother John. [Music] Put your hands together. [Music] These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. [Applause] And these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trials, of famine and darkness and sword, still we are the voice in the desert crying, prepare the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee out of Zion till salvation comes. And these are the days of Ezekiel. The dry bones becoming as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding a temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as wide in the world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard, declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee. I will fly until salvation comes. Behold, he comes. Riding on the clouds, shining like a sun and the trumpet call. Lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee. And out of Zion till salvation comes. There's no God. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. Is the year of jubilee and out of Zion till salvation comes. Amen. Aren't you glad of that? Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Just a little while. [Music] Just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. [Applause] Just a little while to layer in the path that's always straight. Oh, just a little more. of trles in this low and sinful state. Then we'll enter heaven portals sweeping through the pearly gates. Just a little while, just a little while to stay. Just a little while to wait. Just a little [Music] strange. Just a little more of trouble. In this sinful state and we enter heaven, sweeping through those early gates. Soon this life will all be over and our pilgrimage will land. You will take our heavenly journ [Music] [Applause] [Music] all the beauty there to share. Oh, just a little while to stay. Thank God. Just a little while to wait. Just a little while to leave in the path that's always straight. Just a little more of trouble in this and sinful state. And we'll enter heaven portals, sweeping through those early gates. Soon we'll meet all the redeemed ones and we'll take them by the hand. [Applause] to press into our bosom over in the prois land. Then we'll be at home forever throughout all eternity. Glory. A blessed blessed morning that eternal morning will be singing out for just a little while to stay. Just a little while to wait. [Music] Oh yes. In this slow and sinful state, then we'll enter heaven. sweeping through those pearly g. [Music] Hallelujah. Brother John's got a song for us tonight. And brother John, let's give brother John a hand this evening. [Applause] God bless you all tonight. Can't do it justice like brother Joe, but we're going to do our best. Well, the midnight has passed. It's morning at last. No longer in sin I bow. My wondering is done. My life count is one cuz I'm living a life life now. [Music] Oh, glory to God. I'm washed in his blood. His love light is on my ground. I'm happy and hope. There's peace in my soul cuz I'm living the right life now. Well, the pleasures of sin which blacken within no longer can charm my soul. For pleasures I find in peace and in mind since Jesus has made me whole. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] A sinner astray. Seek Jesus today. The right life is for the best. Well, come out of the night. Step into the light where souls are supremely blessed. Oh, glory to God. I'm washed in his blood. His love is on my ground. I'm happy and hope. There's peace in my soul cuz I'm living the right life now. Oh, glory to God. I'm washed in his blood. His love life is on my brow. Well, I'm happy and hope. There's peace in my soul cuz I'm living the right life now. Well, I'm happy and hope. That's peace in my soul cuz I'm living the right life now. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. You ready for the word now? Let's all stand. Like to sing this uh song. We've sung it here before, but it's been a few years. Like to sing it. If you don't know it, it's pretty easy song to pick up on. It's called This World is Falling Apart. How many's heard it before? Like three. Okay. It's going to be one of those songs. You got the words for it, brother? We'll start with the chorus. [Music] This world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. I'm carried away in the light of the day. As the world gets so dismal and dark, while the struggles and troubles outside, something is stirring inside of the bride. As the world gets so dark and it all falls apart, I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Sing it again. This world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. I'm carried away in the light of today. The world gets so dismal and dark. While the struggles and troules outside, something is stirring inside of the bride. As the world gets so dark and it all falls apart, I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart while living below. Help me here. Troubles and pain. There's murder and crime. This is the end time when people are going insane. But I found a release. My heart is at peace. Since the word of the hour settled in with troules untold, my anchor will hold to Jesus again and again. Amen. This world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. I'm carried away in the light of the day. As the world gets so dismal and dark, [Applause] struggles and trles outside, something is stirring inside of the bride. As the world gets so dark and it all falls apart, I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart. They're praying for peace, for violence to cease while holding a gun in their hand. There's moral decay. A great falling away in the shape this world's in. It won't stand. Let it crumble and fall. I'm not bothered at all. In the cliff of the rock, I can't hide. When it all comes undone, I'm trusting in one who gives me his peace down inside. Oh, this world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus spins down in my heart. I'm carried away in the light of today. As the world gets so dismal and dark by the struggles and troubles outside, something is stirring inside of the bride. As the world gets so dark and it all falls apart, I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart. [Music] Amen. And see you back there, brother. I felt like that song was uh appropriate for the ser the service tonight. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Kenny. Here goes your uh Oh, it ain't yours. Wow. Okay. Okay. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. God bless you. We're happy to be in his house tonight. And we're going to invite you a while and got you standing to the third chapter, I'm sorry, the fourth chapter of Genesis. Man, we want to continue on from Sunday, the Lord being our helper. And I'm sure he will. Amen. Did you come ready to hear some more of his word? Oh, that was pretty weak. My You come to hear some more of his word. Amen. Preaching ain't half bad. Give me a chance. Amen. I know you're lovers of the word. Amen. And so, we want to look right to that this evening. This will be our second installment. We've started a a new series called Modern Events again made clear in prophecy. We're going to just a short reading and we'll let you be seated. Genesis chapter 4 and we're going to catch verses 1-4. You got it? Say amen. Amen. And Adam knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bore Cain and said, "I have gotten a man from the Lord." And she again bore his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And in process of time, it came to pass that Cain brought forth that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock, and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel to his offering. Praise the Lord. It looks like Miles's going to help me preach tonight. Amen. Praise God. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word now and we ask that your anointing be here on both speaker and here. Lord, it's such a wonderful uh atmosphere of singing and worship. We're happy to be out on a midweek service. Lord, gives us a refilling time, Lord. Helps us to top off our tanks again, Father. And we want to just continue with the same instruction, Lord, that we were receiving Sunday. I quite enjoyed that, Lord. and we're looking for your presence tonight to carry on now in this in this thought and we commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Amen. So, we had a little bit of a shorter reading tonight. We had actually backed up and read part of chapter three. And uh and because if you remember from Sunday, we were trying to get your your vision to start thinking about these very first opening scenes uh from the the the mankind in a fallen condition. And one of the notes that I want to make tonight, and I may make it again uh in one of the other um installments because it's really something that's on my heart that I I want to make sure that you get it. There's a number of things that we're covering and I really in these early times want to really make sure that you're catching it because what we're doing tonight uh Sunday tonight and as the Lord leads going forward, we're not just preaching a volley of sermons. We're actually tracking our our the family of God through the scripture and how many are part of the family of God. Now, we're tracking the dawning of the ages when God's family was living in a fallen condition. And and guess what? You're you're you're the last generation. You're the ones that are going to see the culmination. Oh, these are happy days, friends. Your future is bright. I say that all the time. Our future is bright and it's certain. And so, it doesn't really matter a lot of times what the devil does um because it's for him. It's already too late. And I love reminding him of that. Satan, you're already too late. It's not that It's not that you're almost late or maybe you're late, but maybe there's a little chance. I'm here to tell you that you're actually it's already too late. And so God has already uh per is perfecting a bride and we know that she is predestinated to not fall. I'm glad to be in that number because listen friends, if it was resting on on us, I don't I don't know that we would all have the greatest amount of confidence. Now, you might have it, you know, right when you walk out of church on Sunday, feel on top of the world. But then you come in here tonight and you say, "Man, I don't know. I ain't sure. Lord, speak to me again." And and and I just want to tell you something, friends, that's not unique to you. Preachers get like that, too. Come on, preachers. Amen. Amen. And people are waiting to see if you amen that. And so, uh, so, you know, we all we all we also have struggles. We're all in this thing together, moving right along with you. But we're we're wanting to make and here here's a point that I want to make tonight that it's interesting that these this as I said it Sunday, this act one, scene one. All right. Act one, scene one of humanity in a fallen condition. Act one, scene one was not a political rally. Wasn't a wasn't a business conference. Amen. It wasn't a sporting event. It it it it it wasn't uh it wasn't even a a consumer electronics show, which I love to go to. wasn't a gunshot. Wasn't any of those things. The the scene one, act one, opens with a church service. Here are two men going to church and they're actually coming to worship because after all, that's why we come to church, right? We're not here just to gain knowledge, gain theology. We're not here because it's a social gathering. Uh there there's there's ways to social gather without having to get all dressed up and and drive halfway across town. I mean, you know, there if it's just a social gathering, there there's superior ideas than than bringing families out in the middle of the week and men are tired from work and kids have been in school and wives are are busy and and tired and but you know, we're here because we believe there's value in it. We believe that to come to the house of God and to worship our creator in by uh agreeing with his word is the is the greatest worship he can receive. Do you realize how many billions of people in the name of Christianity worship God, but it's worship in vain. Now, I'm not the, you know, the the the the old troll under a bridge who's ruining everybody's day in saying that. That's what Jesus said. That that in vain do they worship me. He's quoting an Old Testament prophet. In vain do they worship me. And here's why. He's not saying they don't sing songs. He's not saying they don't clap their hands. is not saying they don't open Bibles or gather around or uh speak the name of Jesus and lift up voices and raise hands and cry out real tears. He's not saying they don't do that. He's saying that all of it is based on the fundamental uh the absolute fundamental foundation that they are not believing all of his word and that and that they they teach for doctrine because they got to teach something. The people are coming expecting to hear something. Did you come expecting to hear something tonight? Well, then we got to have something to say. And the last thing that I would want to give you and I would hope it would be the very last thing you would be satisfied to receive is just doctrines of men. I want the living and grafted word of God anointed and inspired because I want it to effect change in my life. I'm not here to leave the same or worse. I want to improve. That's why we're here. So the very first thing was a church service and I as a reminder friends remember that in this series this is not we're not we're not what we're not doing is a verse byvere study of the entire book of revelation and as such we're going to be bouncing around the whole book uh the whole book of revelation along with other books like Genesis and Daniel and Ezekiel and I'm putting together um some slideshows to to kind of make that interactive and interesting as we look down across history because we don't want it to just be a history lesson. The history um if you just understand that that prophecy controls history, all history that's ever happened because God spoke his plan, his vision. And therefore, history has to move according to prophecy. It cannot deviate the the even when it's when it's forecasted by prophecy in the future, by the time it gets to the event and moves beyond it, the history will agree with the prophecy. So, so just just bear in mind that we're we're going to go as the Lord directs and we want to show the relevance of the history, the relevance of why there's a message of why you're a Christian. There are reasons for that. None of this is accidental. So, you know, from Sunday, one of the things that we were pointing to, and I want to just have this, this is my only note of recap from Sunday is that we were showing you that victory in the kingdom of Christ. Because you remember we read Revelation 12, they love not their lives unto death. They overcame by the blood of the lamb, right? They love not their lives unto death. They were willing to be living witnesses at whatever cost. That's a big statement. They were willing to be living witnesses of God at whatever cost. They were willing to be living witnesses without even knowing the cost. That's poor business savvy. Nobody's going to go into and make a commitment. They don't even know what they're buying. They don't even know what they're agreeing to. They don't even know what they're going to get out of all of this. You'll hear people say it all the time. Somebody will offer them a deal and say, "What's in it for me?" Here is a people who are who are born into the world and we live our lives and there's this there's this almost inexplicable power that that can only be supernatural. And here we are believing in a man who we've who we've never met in the flesh. Who this book that was put together by men led of the Holy Spirit told us about a man who lived 2,000 years ago that he was the son of God. John declared it. The people believed it. And we are here believing it today. And we're standing. And the church has stood for 2,000 years on testimony of a single man. John said, "I saw the spirit of God descending on him. He's the lamb of God." See, and and you've heard me say it before. Jesus never said it would be easy, but he did say it would be worth it. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. If I already think it's worth it before heaven, what am I going to think when I'm in the heaven? If I'm already in the greatest battle ever fought, if I'm already in Satan's Eden, if it's already darkness over the whole world and I'm having a good time and and gross darkness on the minds of men, but I wake up every day with the joy of the Lord, what will it be when we get over yonder, but we were reminded from Sunday that victory in the kingdom of Christ comes through. Now, here's a guarantee. Victory. How many want it? It comes through anguish. Let's see if I got the same amount of hands. Comes through tribulation. Overcoming. And that ain't always easy. That takes a fight. And it takes sometimes a fighting spirit. It takes the zeal of the Holy Spirit upon you to keep to keep going forward when mentally, emotionally, physically, for every reason under the sun that the devil doesn't want you to keep going. Somehow you just keep going. And I don't even know how I got to hear from a year ago, but here I am. And I plan to go another one. So, what'll happen when you get to that one? Then I'll go another one. And then I'll go another one. And one of these days I'll walk off the earth and I'll walk into a time where it won't be years, months, days, and weeks. We've got to overcome. And and the message to you in this what I consider a large point from Sunday. Overcoming what? Overcoming what? I think it's a fair question. Overcoming anything. And I do mean to say anything. No matter how valuable it may be to you, no matter how much time and resources of investment you have poured into it, anything that you discover is contrary to God's word living itself through your life. You need to get rid of it. You need to change course. There is nothing worth missing the love of God glowing in your heart and the power of the Holy Spirit living through your life daily, laying your head on your pillow at night, content that you're in the will of God, waking up the next morning, and it doesn't matter if it's sunny or raining. It doesn't matter if if you're waking up under the same anguish and stress and tribulation that you went to bed with and it might even be worse. You prayed all night that it would be better and it was worse. But listen, there's a power that can take a hold of your life and you'll keep going and you'll keep going until when? Until you just keep going. And that and that is and that comes down to now here here's my large looming question for tonight. This is another one that I plan to to repeat. Which altar? We have two young men coming. Act one, scene one. Two men coming to two altars. And they had they were very different in what they brought for a sacrifice. Their attitudes were different. God handled them differently. God's response was different. The the the the response of the brothers were different, vastly different. So the question becomes, which altar do you bow at today? Genesis is showing us this is the genesis of humanity, the beginning of the beginnings. This is scene one, act one. Genesis shows us that you worship, not you will, you do worship at one or the other. Brother Brandham would say in 1950, show us the father. There is something in the human heart that calls out for worship somewhere. No man is on earth without worship. He worships something. The caveman, the Indians, the American Indian, he worshiped the sun. He believed. He believed there was a happy hunting ground. And when one died, they put corn and so forth in his bow and arrow and sent him out across the sea somewhere in his canoe that he would find the happy hunting ground where he would have provision to carry him over. And so he says, you know, the age-old cry is, if I could only find God. And he says, all ages, people are born to worship. In fact is the human animal is the only animal that does worship. He's the only one that turns around and worships his maker. The human animal is the only of all the animal kingdoms. He's the only one who prays because he's made at the highest order in the image of God. He's a bearer of God's image. So he says you'll worship. Maybe it's your child, your car, your home, your job, maybe even your church. That will not work. It isn't the church we worship, it's God. He goes on half a decade later and he talks about we come to America, we found the American Indian worshiping something, the sun, the moon, nature, because it's in him as a human being. He knows he has a maker. So there's something within his human heart called out to worship it. It is to every more mortal. You might worship your automobile, your job, your house or something. You'll worship something. So if there's any idol, take it out and let Jesus Christ have first place. Let him be first of all. Can you imagine? A prophet is not commanding you to do something. He's saying let him be. This is what you need to do. Let let the word of God dwell in you richly. as Paul would say, "Let this mind which was in Christ be in you." See, he comes along a year later. This is this is the last one I want to read. He said, "That's the back that that's just a background for something that God made you to do. God made you to be a worshshiper, a worshshiper of him." You'll worship something regardless of what it is. You'll worship your wife. You'll worship your children. You'll worship anything, your automobile, you'll worship your pleasure. You'll So, you know what? We're discovering worship is more than just raising hands, closing eyes, and crying tears, and singing songs. Worship is something that focuses your attention away from something else. When when you're worshiping, you know, and your your hands are up and your your eyes are closed and tears are coming down your face. Now, if it's just a form, you might be sitting there thinking about, is my team going to make the Super Bowl this year? But when it is really in your heart to worship God, you're not worried about who's going to win a game. You're not even you're not even sure that the rapture might happen right at any moment. You can get that far gone in worship. But it's not just that. It's anything that could distract you or turn you aside that you give attention to more. It's something that that attracts your your time more your resources more than what you can give and do for the kingdom of God. It will it it will cause you to set aside time that you owe to God and you will give it to something else. And brother Brandham said that's prostitution of your time that you owe to God. That's pretty stiff. But but it's prostitution of your time that you owe to God. And I mean it it comes out in people's lifestyles. It comes out it'll come out in something as simple and mundane as as their church attendance. And you'll see you'll see that that every other thing just takes such a priority over that. And and and people will chase careers, sometimes political careers, sometimes business careers, and you know, they'll they'll they'll chase, you know, the the finer things of life. and and and at the cost of their spirituality, which is insane because it doesn't matter how much money's in your bank account, you can't fight the devil with your checkbook. You can only fight the devil because he's a spiritual being. That's why Paul says, "We wrestle not against flesh and blood. We wrestle against principalities and powers of the air." So, brother Brandham says, "You'll worship your children, you'll worship anything, your automobile, you'll worship pleasure, you'll worship something because it's in mankind to worship." Uh, now it's a fair question tonight to say, "Brother Jason, what does this have to do with prophecy?" I'm not preaching on prophecy. I'm preaching on modern events are again being made clear in prophecy. Why do we see the world in the darkness that it is? And I could stand here tonight and just go down a list. It could it I could make it as depressing as I wanted to. And we would leave here and go, there's just no hope for humanity. How did it get this way? And why is it like this? I'm here to tell you, it's a modern event. The darkness of the world is a modern event that's made clear to us by prophecy. And what is made clear to us so that we don't go off the deep end of the of depression is is is that yes, there would be darkness over the world. There would be gross darkness on the mind minds of the people. You can't stop that. You can't you can't fix it. But here's what you can rejoice over. You can arise and you can shine because your light has come. That's a modern event. We've said a lot about hearing, recognizing, and acting upon the word. And when, not if, and I just say it that way, when, not if, but when the enemy assails me and the battle of my mind. Anybody else fighting those kind of battles? when the enemy comes in and and I face the battles of of my mind and this I want to I want to say to you tonight as somebody with some experience in this and you can take my word for it. What I'm about to tell you is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. You're going to face these mind battles. It's the greatest battle ever fought. It's an agreement between God and Satan for control of man. The battle would be in the human mind. You can't pray the devil out of that spot because God already gave him the ability to try to bombard you. You know what? You know how an enemy does it? You know how they you know how they they they defeat an enemy uh uh somebody with superior weapons and and and and you can shoot you can fly a drone in or shoot a missile and then then you know the US or Israel they can shoot a missile to hit your missile or a missile to hit your drone and and in fact is they that it's unsustainable because you know you get you get radical rebels who are firing a a $20,000 drone and the Navy's response is to shoot one not one but $2 million missiles to hit it. And we at this point just just in the just there where the Houthi rebels are attacking a naval fleet. We we've already spent a billion dollars. But it's actually five billion because that billion dollars was when they bought that missile back in the 90s. Try to replace it. Now it's five times that much. So there there there's no way to fix this. man in his technology cannot repair this broken world. Oh, there's going to be a one coming that's going to set up a kingdom. Oh, that can never be moved. I'm so glad for that. But when the enemy, not if, but when and as he comes and assails you in the battles of your mind, this process laid out by Elijah will be the greatest comfort when you are willing to hear and recognize and act upon the word of God. that that that triple uh way of going at it is the greatest comfort that I have. I face these kind of battles, but I know this. I hear his word. I recognize it. Not only do I recognize it's true, I recognize I love it. I recognize it's for me. And if the rest of the world, the entire population doesn't want it, I want it. I'll take my part, your part, their part, everybody's part. But what they do to over to override your missile defense is they just bombard you until you run out of missile defending missiles to shoot them down with. They just they'll send in a hundred drones to take out all your missiles and then then you're then you're defenseless. And that's a that's a great tactic in warfare on the cheap. But don't think the enemy didn't invent that tactic. You get you get a couple of church services a week. So he sends about 25 bombardments on you to knock out your two times where you come in here for hour and a half, two hours and we sing some songs and we hear some word of God. This must be some powerful word. If you keep making it back here every time and you're not overran by the enemy, I tell you something, friends, we've got some we've got some word ammunition that is more than a match for him. But he bombards us. It's constant spiritual warfare like never before. And when I can see myself so willingly falling in line. When I can see myself willingly falling in line with this process of hearing, recognizing, and acting on the word. Then that to me that brings me comfort because to me that's an evidence of my new birth. Because I mean why wouldn't it be the the I'm less than 100th of 1% of the population of the earth who are willing to do it. Surprisingly, the odds are so against, you know, everyone really because the overwhelming majority according to prophecy, a modern event of today that's made clear by prophecy is people uh love Satan who claim they love Jesus, but they don't. And I'm not saying they're they're lying to you and me. They're probably in most cases lying to themselves. because the ev the the prophecy was that it would be a lie that they would believe. So when you believe a lie, well uh I I can at least say you you cease being a hypocrite. It's not a good way to cease being a hypocrite, but at least you believe the lie. And when I when I realize that I willingly fall in line with this process, uh because I can see that my desire for the Lord is genuine, not fear-based, and neither is it reward-based. It's not about fear. It's not about reward. Uh it's it's completely voluntary from a deep well of love that just wells up within me. And I love his word. Amen. That what a comfort that is when I when I don't always win the battle of the mind, but I know I always win the battle of the heart. Hallelujah. Yeah. If I lose another battle of the mind tomorrow, and I might, but my heart wins every day. Hallelujah. I feel it well up within me from the very center of my being. And I know I'm not the only one. Am I I'm not the only one who can say we care not what it may cost us. How many I got in here tonight say I care not. We care not what it may cost us. Even everything is a small price to pay for what God has. The world looks at you and and really no wonder they think you're crazy and they think you're a cult. No wonder the devil can't figure you out because that's nuts to say it's worth it all. No cost is too great for me to love God. That's when you know you've passed from death to life. My heart rejoices and I know yours does too when I hear a prophet say and I know it's not a prophet. I know that we're not following a man. I'm here to tell you something. We have the ministry of the morning star. The very thing what that's what's happening. That's a modern event made clear in prophecy. We've got the ministry of the morning star. It's not a man's ministry. And I and I I revel in hearing that voice say, "You are predestinated to not fall." Hallelujah. Oh my. It it's and and and be as I said Sunday, it's so impossible that that that we can be a believer that that even when I lose mind battles and and I get overwhelmed and from the bombarding of the enemy that I still get back up and go forward again. That's so impossible. I know it can't be me doing it. It's got to be him doing it, friends. Hallelujah. Amen. I know it's not me keeping me. I know it's him. I can see by evidence. You can see by evidence that it's obviously not the voice, the same voice the world is hearing because they are so opposite. not only doing opposite of God's family but thinking opposite that the mind of Christ has become the polar opposite. The days of Noah and the days of Sodom having returned to the earth as a as a like a double barrel shotgun. No ages ever had to face them both simultaneously. We have them both simultaneously at the end time as because with the ministry of the son of man, the the we're going to get the double whammy of the days of Noah and the and that was a day when every man's mind across the world was evil continually. And we've got uh the the evil and perversion of Sodom that was so wicked that they wanted to they wanted to uh uh experience their perverted lifestyle on angels. Imagine the insanity. And that's what you and I face today. So, oh, they won't hurt me. They won't hurt my kids. They went after angels. They they were it was anarchy. They had no regard for the law. Even even even Lot as the mayor of the city and a judge couldn't stop them. Even though he reasoned with them and gave them a very good reason that you would think was logical, gave them a very good reason to not do it. Here, do this instead. And against all human sensibility, they said, "No, we want what we want or you give it to us or we're going to kill you." And here we are in this day. We can certainly see by the evidence that they're not hearing the same voice we're hearing. It it the world seems to um invent new ways every day to defy God in his word. And and so so that's why that's another reason that I can know. That's another evidence. I don't need to to speak a storm out of existence. I can see the evidence of the word of God in contrast to the rest of the world. I'm looking at the proof in the Holy Ghost. I'm looking at the proof. I'm the proof. You're the proof. I'm here to tell you something, friends. If you can really grasp and get a hold of what this series is about is that you are becoming a modern event made clear in prophecy. It's not just about what's Russia doing, what's America, what's the Vatican. I am a modern event made clear in prophecy. If if if victory in the kingdom of Christ comes through anguish, then paradoxically we say, "So be it." And the world says, "No, wait. You what? Hold on. If your victory takes anguish, you're good with that." Absolutely. Especially considering the alternative. So, it's it circles me back again. And I'm going to circle I'm going to keep circling back and circling back every time the Holy Spirit presses on me because it's not in my notes where I'm at. What altar are you worshiping at on a daily and weekly basis? because you're worshiping at one or the other and there's not a middle third one. There's only two. If it takes anguish, so be it. Tribulation, so be it. Hey, it's not the great tribulation that the rest of the world I mean, that's enough to rejoice in. Yeah, I might have some tribulation, but I'm not going to have to go to that tribulation. when that tribulation is falling, I'll be at a table thousands of miles long. So, we can rejoice in that if for if for no other reason. He I mean, listen friends, we we read to you from Sunday in in chapter 12 of Revelation. Even Jesus, even Christ himself had to fight with his angels just to secure heaven against Lucifer and his angels. Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. So how then would we imagine if Christ himself had to fight to preserve his kingdom, then how is that not going to be true for his family? It's the same Christ and the same devil. And and here we are and the great battle is taking place in your mind. I'm here to tell you something, friends. The audacity of Satan knows no bounds. He'll go as low as as he needs to go. He'll do whatever he needs to do. He'll promise you the moon and stab you in the back a thousand times. Oh, reject him, young people. Reject him. He has nothing to offer you. Has no heaven, no eternal life, no joy, no peace, no none of that. No new body, no new world. Everything he's offering you ends in destruction. So this is the model for his family. His family like him are warriors of faith. We're not poets and philosophers. We're not just I mean, you know, there's a I get it. Solomon said, "Hey, there's a time uh to everything. There's a season and a time to every purpose under heaven. I'm not against poetry. I'm not against philosophy. I'm not against, you know, music and and all of these things, but I but I but what I'm but what I'm and I get it. I get it. Jesus Yeah, you're right. Jesus is a gentle savior. That's what he's known as. He's known as the gentle savior. He is indeed a blessed redeemer. Amen. Have you known him like that? Have you known him as a gentle savior? Have you known him as a blessed redeemer? But I'm here to tell you when he needs to be that meek and lowly prophet of Nazareth is not a philosopher. He's not a poet. The Bible says he's a warrior king. He's the king of glory. Oh my. When that when he that ascended first descended into the lower parts of the earth, when he took the keys of death and hell and took that from Satan, when he took his own family and brought them up out of the grave and took them to the father's throne, he wasn't a philosopher. He was a warrior. Lift up your heads, said the psalmist in ver in chapter 24. Lift up your heads, oh you gates, and be you lift up you everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in. Who is the King of glory? The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. I um we didn't have it tonight, but I've uh Sister Emily is actually going to sing a song for me uh in in another service. I love the song. I play it constantly. Amen. I just love it. I sing it to myself. I whistle it. I hum it. And and you know, it's the armor of God song. It's the head to toe, covered head to toe. And I I I not only love the way Sister M sings it, but I love these lyrics. Listen to this now. Listen to this. She's going to sing it for me soon. Do not fear. Be strong in the power of the Lord. And let the keeper of the stars. Could I advise you tonight? Let the keeper of the stars keep your heart forever more. Does he keep the stars? You think he could keep your heart? You think you could trust him? I love this. Even though you might be small, this blows this blows my mind when I think of these two lines. Even though you might be small, it is in you his kingdom reigns. And from your mouth, the Lord has made a fountain for his praise. Oh, hallelujah. And with his righteousness across your chest, salvation for your head, the belt of truth around you now, with the shield of faith in hand, and with his peace upon your feet, everywhere you go, his word will be the sword you keep. You're covered head to toe. Oh, you're covered head to toe. I'm covered head to toe. Oh, the night is quickly fading and the day will soon break in. Are you happy for that? Are you excited? The long night is almost over. Oh, rejoice, friends. The long night is almost over. We're about to see a modern event that's made clear in prophecy. The night is almost over. Uh the night is quickly fading and the day will soon break in. And with the dawn, the Lord will give the grace you need to stand and turn your worries into songs. Put on your covering of light. Almost can't take this one. You will long outlast this darkness because he's with you in the fight. Oh, every time it comes without say, Lord, I'll outlast this darkness. There ain't no devil. There ain't enough devils in all of hell. There ain't enough darkness. I'll long outlast this darkness. I can outlast the devil. Can you outlast him? I'm I'm connected to an eternal being. Oh, under the order of Melzdc, in whom there no father, no mother, no beginning of days, no ending of life. He abideth continually a priest forever. Oh, I love the fact that his gentle he, you know, and and hey, listen, just like he sometimes he is a a gentle savior. Well, you know, after after the the order and and Old Testament type there in Genesis 41, after the gentile bride of Azeneth that Joseph took and we're a bride in that order, a gentile bride that Joseph being the type of Christ and he took he took a aszeneath and as a type Joseph's of Joseph's gentile bride there in Genesis 41 like Christ we are humble. We say with Jesus, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." Do you know that brother Brandon when he goes to Revelation chapter 6 and he comes under the fifth seal there in Revelation chapter 6 and we find under the fifth seal and when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them. This is Revelation 6. I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God and for the testimony which they held. And brother Bradam says, now notice, it was not the testimony of Jesus. It was the testimony they held. So these are Jews. Now he gets another clue. And they cried with a loud voice, saying, "How long, O Lord, holy and true, dust thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?" See, and brother Brandham says, see right there, that shows you that it was not the Gentile bride? Because the Gentile bride is like Jesus, father, forgive them. And these are calling out for blood and revenge. So the fact that they didn't have the testimony of Christ, they're crying out for revenge. They're Jews. And so and white robes were given unto every one of them. And it was said unto them that they should rest yet for a little season until their fellow servants also and their brethren, this is going to be the 144,000 that should be killed as they were. And and this had to be fulfilled. So they it it had to fill up the measure under the trumpets because the seals are to the Gentiles and the trumpets are to the Jews. And so that's what the trumpets do. Just like when we open the seals, we could see the Holy Spirit tracking the Gentile church through history through four horse riders. The the trumpets do the same thing. It tracks the Jews through their history. And so and that's why the trumpet and the vial are so closely connected because the vial affects politics and the and what's going on in the world. So God, brother Brandham said all of these things are happening in a cluster. God's running it all at the same time. And so so we find out that that the prophet could look at Genesis at at Revelation 6 and say that's not the bride. This is the Jews. And they're waiting uh they they because when the when the when those in the sixth dimension in Paul's day and Irenanius's day and and Martin's day, Columba and Luther and Wesley when the Isuza fathers when brother Brandham and his group when they leave that sixth dimension to come up what we would say come up out of the grave. Listen friends, they're just they're not laying in the ground. That's just their corpse. They're in another dimension. They'll pick up that corpse and step in and you'll see them and you'll be changed in a moment. You're talking about a modern event made clear in prophecy. The prophecy of the coming of the Lord is very clear in Paul's teaching. And so we we find out that that these Jews will uh under the fifth seal, they're given white robes. And when they when they're under the altar and they see all of those six sixth dimension Gentiles from 2,000 years of church history when they see them leaving because they're all under the altar in various places. You remember when brother Brandham went there he didn't see Luther or his people. See he didn't see Paul. He didn't he couldn't even see Jesus. He was up even higher. So he saw his he thought they were family. He said there's not that many Brandham. Said they're not your they're they're not brandams. are your converts. They said there's millions of them. And so, so now we find that when they leave that dimension and they come back down to the earth and the Jews under the under the altar say, "Hey, why are they what about us? Why are they getting to leave?" And they're just told, "Hold on. You got to wait because this is the Gentiles there. You've got to wait for your brethren and fellow servants to be killed. Here's a white robe. You're going to be safe. If you didn't even you would have saw Christ, but he blinded you so that they could get into the kingdom of God. So the Gentiles would be his his gentile bride, just like Joseph took Asznath. And so so they're given white robes and told they must rest a little while longer. And so we find then that that that they were Jews who suffered under the trumpets that govern the history of the blinded of blinded Israel. But his gentile bride uh follows it, you know, it and and and and we're like Christ. We're that gentle savior, that gentle father, forgive them. We're we have an abundant grace for all. Even we're even told to pray for our enemies. I hope we do. We're told to even if we get angry, don't don't cross over and sin or let the sun go down on your wrath. See, Ephesians 4 tells us, "Be angry and sin not. Let not the sun go down on your wrath, neither give place to the devil." This is Gentiles. Second Timothy 2, "And the servant of the Lord must not strive." Listen up, preachers. He must not strive, but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient in meekness, instructing those that oppose themselves. I if if God per adventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth. You don't know how many times I have had to remember that because it can feel like people are opposing me and I have to constantly remind myself they're opposing themselves. They're not opposing me because that would suggest I can help them and and that wouldn't be true at all. Only he can help them. And so when I realize that they're they're in their own way. I'm not I'm not their problem. God's not their problem. they're their problem. And if I can just get them to see that and get out of the way, then God can come in. See, and that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil who are taken captive by him at his will. Jesus said in the Gospel of Luke, chapter 21, "And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake, but there shall not a hair of your head perish. In your patience possess ye your souls." it. Jesus obviously wasn't saying nobody's ever going to die or be or go through anguish or punishment. He's saying it's not going to matter. Not a hair of your head will perish. Whatever the devil ever takes from you as a child of God, don't you worry. The Lord will give it back to you. See, so so like Christ, this this gentle savior who when he needs to be can be a warrior king. And this bride like her savior, prays for her enemies, is gentle, kind, and patient, doesn't strive. She she she she has boundless mercy even for her enemies. But I'm here to tell you something, friends. In Revelation 19, she comes riding out of heaven as an army, as an army marching to war with the warrior king. So, you know, so when we realize that what God needs today is not just pacifists and poets and minstros and philosophers. He needs soldiers. He needs warriors. He needs people of faith who are not afraid to draw their sword and go to battle not against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers of the air. He needs fathers who who will wave the sword in their home. He needs preachers who will wave the sword in the pulpit. He needs mothers who wave the sword over their over their flock. He needs teenagers. He needs teenagers who are not afraid to take the word of God and say, "I'll take the way with the Lord's despised few." Hallelujah. I started out with Jesus and I'm going through. Whether you do or not, I'm going. Warriors who only care that the word of God is ministered to a dying and sin-cursed world. An army who are determined. And I am determined. And I hope that you are determined. We are an army determined to have our token on display. I am determined. Rejoice in my in my suffering. That's why we read, "And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb, by the word of their testimony. They love not their lives unto death. Therefore, rejoice you heavens, ye that dwell in them." Friends, uh uh we they're rejoicing in their suffering. Say, "Rejoice. Rejoice in my hardships. Let me spin it. Rejoice in your triumph. Forget the hardship. The hardships are going to come. And as soon as you get out of one, as brother David Gadman used to say, you either just come out of a trial or you are right now in a trial or you're about to head into a trial. Oh, I'm glad to know that beyond a valley is a mountain. You can't live up there. You're going to have to have another valley after that. But then another mountain will come one of these days, friends. Oh, we're going to step on a land and it won't matter mountain or valley. It won't matter. It'll all be sunshine. It'll all be good. It'll all be grace. It'll all be the love of God. Nature will be in continuity with God's word. All humanity will be in God's in God in the continuity of God's word. So, we rejoice in our triumph. Hard fault. Yep. Yep. They're hard fought. They're hard fought, aren't they, friends? They're hard fought. Some of them harder than others. Some of you, along with myself, I've been through some rough, hard fights. If you're if you're young, I'm not saying that young people don't have hard battles. They they face the hardest battles of any generation of young people ever in history. But then but at the same time when you you know my wife and I were talking about it you know at the age we are now by an accumulation over the years after a while after many years the the accumulation of the battles of life begin to pile up and and and and and you start you start realizing you know I'm closer to there than I am to here. I once was young now I'm old and and and and I can see my end in sight. I'm looking every day for the coming of the Lord. Are you looking every day for it? I'm pressing harder than I ever pressed before in my life. I'm as at at my age and I can't even appreciate the accumulation of battles that Sister Jean or those who are in here who are older than me. But I'm here to tell you it'll be worth it all. Oh my. By the time we walk out in that millennial world, I ain't going to study war no more. So, full circle, here it is again. As I come to a close for tonight, I'm coming back one more time. Full circle. Which altar do you bow at today? Because you worship at one or the other. I thought to myself, I had this question because of the freak the the the the how frequently as I've been studying this, the Lord keeps drawing say, "Why you keep going for full circle back to that?" Good question. I asked the Lord, "Why you keep going full circle back to that? I've got it in my notes. I've got it duplicated in my notes. You want me to triple it in my notes?" And the Lord just said, "Just put it in there till I tell you to stop. And I thought, and it's a fair question, and the Lord didn't seem to mind the question. Why would you want me to repeatedly ask about the altar that people are bowing down at today? And very simply put, it's to open the eyes of your understanding that whatever altar you bow at today is the same altar you would have bowed at in Genesis 4. Don't fool yourself. And that that was weighty in my mind. And I could hear brother Brandham saying people say, "Oh, if I'd have been back there in the days of Jesus," he said, "you'd do to Jesus just what you do to him today. You wouldn't do one thing any different at all. What you would be today and how you would be toward how you are toward his word is exactly how you'd be. It wouldn't have mattered if you'd have been there walk following him, walking the shores of Galilee, watching him feed the thousands, watching him raise the dead." You know how listen friends say, 'Oh, if I could just do that, thousands watched that and when it all came down to it, he had 12 people following him and one of them was a devil. So don't be naive and don't fool yourself. Whatever altar you are bowing at today in the condition you are now, if you were there in Genesis 4 in that same condition, that's exactly the same altar you would bow at then. Don't fall for the great deception that God's word can be compromised on. God's word cannot be compromised. There is no middle altar. There is no middle ground. And and and and you know in in the Christian faith, a lot is made. Listen, let me let me just say this as I go off the air for tonight. I want to make this last point and I'll close this because I just want to make it from my heart and I may make it again when I come back to it. A lot is made in the Christian faith about the resurrection. If you're a Christian, you believe in a resurrection. For 2,000 years, the church has believed in the resurrection. But I want to draw your attention to this fact. You mustn't you mustn't think of the resurrection as merely an event on a calendar. There will be a resurrection. It will be an event and it's on God's calendar. So don't don't mistake me in what I'm saying. There will be a resurrection. We do believe in the corporal return of the Lord Jesus. Brother, you know why we believe that? Because brother Ram said that's what believers believe. I just want to make that disclaimer before I make this next statement. I'm saying to you that you must not just merely look at the resurrection as an event on a calendar. Because Jesus said, "I am the resurrection. I'm not an event on a calendar. I And he said, I am the resurrection and the life. So what is the what's going to bring about the event of the resurrection is a people who went down into the grave and they had the resurrection and life living inside them. You're going to the resurrection because the same life that was in Christ is in you. the fact, listen friends, it's the the very fact that it the token is on display and I and that's a quote I could open back up and read for you tonight, but I've read it for you before where Brother Brandham says that the that that the uh I should just read it because I'm I don't want to butcher it. Let me let me just read it for you. Brother Brandham says it like this. The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Spirit that we have worked in a small measure. Catch this now. While the headstone is coming down to unite with the body, but when that head and body unites together, what will happen, brother Jason? The full power of the Holy Ghost would raise her up just exactly like that. Even the dead that's dead in Christ for hundreds of years ago will raise in the beauty of his holiness and take a flight to the skies. The dynamics is the Holy Ghost. A refilling of the Holy Ghost. That's what I need. That's what you need. That's what Bethl Tabernacle needs. That's what our families need. I want to be part of the resurrection. I am the resurrection with Christ. I'm going to experience the resurrection because Jesus said, "I am the resurrection and the life." He's the life that gives you the resurrection. The world is looking for it on a calendar, but I'm looking at modern events made clear. Come on, modern events. Stand to your feet right now. You're made clear as a modern event. You're made clear in prophecy. Say, "What kind of event am I?" You're the bloodwashed body word, a part of the body word of the son of man. living in us, moving through our lives. That's what it means when we say the token on display. That's not a cliche. That's not happy thoughts. The token on display is a process of of you emptying out and Christ filling up. And when that head and body get to a point where they are so united, then you'll see what we've seen in measure. The full power of the Holy Ghost will raise her up and the dead that's been dead in Christ for hundreds of years will come out of the grave. Oh friends, I want you to go away tonight. I want I I'm glad I I was able to make that my last point because when you leave here tonight, I want you to leave here and and I want you to be asking yourself these these vital questions. Am I am I willing to go through anguish, trial, suffering in order to be an overcomer? How many am I willing to say even at the cost of everything I want to be in that number? That's a question you want to leave with. The next question you want to leave with tomorrow when you wake up, ask it, what altar am I worshiping at? Let me go through my life. Let me go through my home. Let me go through my recreation. Let me go through my business, my education, my all my my my social life and and my friends. Which altar? Because there's not a compromising one. If you're not worshiping at the original one, then you're compromised off the word of God. Period. Full stop. Don't fool yourself. That's the same altar you'd worship then. And when you start your day out tomorrow, I want you to look at the resurrection differently. Say, "Lord, someday I'm I know you're going to split the eastern sky one of these mornings perhaps early morning prophet thought somewhere between 6:00 and 9:00 a.m. Oh my." Uh he said you're going to be standing there maybe going about your morning standing in the kitchen feel a funny little feeling go over you turn around and there will be that loved one who crossed over years ago and when that happens you talking about a catalyst for your faith buddy you talking and say I don't know if I'll have enough faith to change me trust me you turn around feel a little funny feeling turn around and see that that loved one you'll get all the catalyst you need you'll get the spark you've been longing for friends you know why you're going to see that because to you, your whole Christian experience is part of the resurrection. I'm I'm already in my soul resurrected. My soul is already in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. It's already passed from death to life can never come into the judgment. Oh, I want to be a modern event. How many want to be a modern event made clear in prophecy? Let's bow our heads. Master, thank you for your word tonight. Lord, I thank you that I was able to what I feel was to deliver my full heart tonight, Lord. Not even realizing, Father. I didn't realize how far I would get. I didn't know how far I would get, but as I as I'm clo close my iPad, I realize this is exactly where I wanted to get to tonight. You do all things well, Lord. And I pray, Father, that the people who have heard the word of God, let it become real, more real than it's ever been. Lord, we need that. The day and hour that we live in, Lord, we've got to see the fullness of the resurrection. We've got to see that life, that token life living through our life. I pray you'll give us that grace that we need. Lord, sometimes, it's true. It's true. We don't always like to admit it even to ourselves. [Music] In fact, there's a lot of times that we're the last one we'll admit it to that we have fallen behind and we've got some ground we need to make up. Lord, I pray for every person who's ever felt or might feel like that tonight. I raise up my hands and I say, Lord God, what we need is a refilling of the Holy Ghost. I pray I pray for me. I pray for every person in here. I pray for this whole assembly near and far, Lord, that there would become there would come a fresh stir and a fresh shaking, a fresh outpouring of the Holy Spirit, Lord, to bring us more and more in line with the resurrection and the life. We commit it to you, Lord. We You're the only one that can do it. We can't do it. All we can do is pray that you'll do it. So, I'm asking that of you tonight. Now, take your word, Lord, as it's went out. Now, Father, it's seed. It's the gospel. It's It's good seed. You called it that. The gospel is a seed. It's good seed. It'll grow. If it can just be planted deep into the hearts of your people. You'll water it. It'll grow. It'll become a garden of your life, Lord. It'll become something healthy, something fruitful, something fruit bearing, something for the master's usage. That's what I want, Lord. I I commit it to you in Jesus name. for all the people in Jesus name. Amen. Come and gather with me, friends. We got a couple of uh requests here. Amen. Sing something for us, Brother Kenny, while we're looking all this up. Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Let me be to you a sacrifice. Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Let me be to you the sacrifice. [Music] Brother Luther says, "I'm having some fever, headache, bodyaches, and cough. Asking for prayer." said, ' I'd also like to remember an elderly customer I worked for who has a very serious domestic situation in her home and marriage and needs prayer. Brother Bruce Paris writes, "Please remember the folks in mind, Louisiana. They're under severe tornado alert at this time." Amen. We had had storms just moving through like crazy. But how many knows he's the master of the wind? That's the only request I have uh for tonight. Amen. Join with somebody there standing near you. Let's go to the Lord for these needs. Master, we thank brother Luther right now, Lord, under the attack of the enemy. We're not okay with that, Lord. We're asking the Holy Spirit to interdict, move on the scene, Lord God, for our brother Luther. We miss him tonight, Lord. I pray that these miseries the enemy has tried to bring upon him, may the duration of them cease, Lord God. May our brother begin an immediate turnaround and rapid recovery. May you grant it, Lord God. Sickness has traveled through a number of our families, Lord, that time of year, but Lord, you're still God on the throne. And we're asking, Father, that you put these put these enemies, these sickness uh enemies, Lord, uh to flight. I pray for our the complete deliverance of all your family. Master, now Lord, this woman as brother Luther, Lord, there's no accidents. There's only God's sense. You caused brother Luther to work work for this woman. And here's a case that she's facing. Critical and serious, Lord. Uh almost with almost no remedy to it, Lord, and and in bewilderment. But Father, you're you're the great emancipator. You're the you're the God of the impossible. Move on the scene in a in a way, Lord God, that it'll have to be known and seen that it was you and your great great heaping mercy. Grant it, Lord. flow into the situation in great mercy and kindness. We commit this woman into your hands, Lord, for the saints in in Louisiana. They're under storm threats. We get them. They get them. They're everywhere. Lord, the world's falling apart, Lord. We just we we're we we we relax ourselves in the hands of Jehovah. Lord God, we have our faith in you for all things that we need in life. I commit it to you. We don't know how much longer this world can hang here, Lord, in this in this time of fallen man. We know it's going to pass away. The age of fallen man is coming to an end. Oh, may it be soon. Hasten your coming, Lord, for you have a bride who's ready, Lord, to throng that the a new world, ready to sit. We're ready to sit at a table thousands of miles long and fellowship with the saints of old. We're ready, Lord, to see you come out. wipe away our tears. Say, "Don't cry no more. It's all over. Enter into the joys of the Lord." Father, we're asking now for the special peace and grace of the Lord. Make us, Lord, make us modern events made clear that we can be in our own life and in our own heart, in our own and the way the things that we do and say and go and live. Lord, you said, "I am the resurrection and the life." May we have that life that is the resurrection living inside of us. Let the resurrection be more than just a coming event on a calendar. The whole world's looking for that event, but they're missing that the life of the resurrection can live in us now. May you grant it to us in Jesus name. Amen. Sing it some more, Brother Kenny. Amen. And I will praise you, Lord. Oh yes. And I will sing And I will sing of love come down. And as you show your face And as you show your face will see where your glory glory right here. Hallelujah. And I will praise you, Lord. And I will praise you. [Music] Oh, raise your hands now. Let's sing it to him. I will sing your love come down. [Music] Oh my. And as you show your face, my mind will see your glory. That's beautiful. Sing that again, brother Kenny. Oh my. All together. Lift it up, friends. I will praise you Lord. Oh this worthy one. And I will sing of love come down. And as you show your face, we'll see your glory here. [Music] Amen. Anybody got a testimony before we go tonight? We're going to need that mic from you, brother Ken. I don't see the other one. All right, Sarah, right behind you, Sister Emily. Um, we just wanted to thank the Lord. Um, are we on? Yep. Um, so, um, my dad had surgery on one eye today. Had some cataract removed. He did and it was very successful. It was everything was shorter than planned. And looking forward to another testimony next Wednesday that the other eye was just as successful. So, just want to thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Anybody else before we go tonight? Amen. Any others? Oh, Sister uh Brenda, straight on back there. Right st right behind you there. I was praying that God would speak to me tonight because I have many needs. I feel so overwhelmed. And he did just that. He spoke to me the Lord. And I want to give him thanks right now for all the deliverance. I'm having some really difficult mind battles. And I know that God is greater than all my trouble. Yes. And I I know that I believe God for everything. I know I trust him. So there was very some nuggets in what you said tonight that I will totally be using as I fight these battles. I just wanted to say I'm gonna I really just thank the Lord because I know that I'm going to be okay. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. When you got the Lord on your side, we're going to be okay, aren't we? Amen. Anybody else before we go? Amen. Give you one more chance. Amen. Amen. Turn around and greet somebody standing near you. Shake their hand. Amen. Say, "God bless you." As brother Kenny picks that up again. Amen. God bless you. We will uh be praying for me, please. I will uh be ministering in Arizona this weekend. Brother uh Matt will be ministering in Virginia and uh Brother JD will be here ministering to you. So come expecting the Lord in all things. God bless. You can be dismissed. have my heart and I will search for yours. Jesus, take my life and lead me on. Oh Lord, you have my heart and I will search for yours. Let me be to you a sacrifice and I will praise you. [Music] I will sing of love come down. And as you show your face, we'll see your glory here. And I will praise you, Lord. I will praise you Lord and I will sing of love come down and as you show your face [Applause] we'll see your glory. glory here. We'll see. We'll see your glory here. All that really counts, all that's really true, all that really matterers, Lord, is you. [Music] Everything to gain, nothing now to lose. [Music] All I ever really want is you. [Music] All that really counts. All that's really true, all that really matterers, Lord, is you. [Music] Everything to gain, nothing now to lose. All I ever really want is
