################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - 250521-Jason WatkinsModern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.7 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-21
Title:    250521-Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.7
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAIdfweSD9I
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Night service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy pt.7" on May 21st  2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] me home. His love for me [Music] just like pure gold. Yes, God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Yes, God is Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. Yes, God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me just like pure gold. Yes, God is real for I can feel. Let's stand him in my soul. Let's put our hands together for the Lord. Yes, God is. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. Yes, God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me [Music] just like here go. [Music] Say yes. God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Yes, God is yes. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he is one and made me whole. His love for me [Music] is just like gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Listen up. Some folk [Music] may not know some some places I can't go. But I am sure of this one thing. this one that God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Say yes God is yes. God is real. Real in my soul. Real in my soul. God is real. For he is one and made me whole. his love for me. His love for me [Applause] real him in my soul. Let's try that first verse again. There are some things I may not know. There are some places [Music] I can't go, but I am sure of this one thing. [Applause] My God is real before I can feel him in my soul. Say everybody, "Yes, God. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh, my God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Well, you love me. his life. Here it goes. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Listen up. Some folks may doubt. [Music] Some folks face scorn all can deserve and leave me alone. But ask for me. I'll take God's part. For God is real and I can feel him in my heart. Say yes. God is yes. God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh my God is real. For he is washed and made me old. Oh his love for me. It's just like pure gold. [Music] My God is real. Oh, I can feel brother one more time. Yes, God is real. My God is real. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh, my God is real. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My God. real him in my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Like pure gold. Praise the Lord. I have a couple requests for prayer. Melissa's not feeling well. Running a little bit of a fever. That's what you get for teaching a bunch of first graders. But anyhow, we want to remember her. Have a couple of spoken unspoken. If you ever spoken to me unspoken, you want to raise your hand. And thing is, you know, you remember brother Brandham talking about just raise your hand and see what happens. You know, God sees. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your grace and mercy this evening. I just want you to know, Lord, that I love you. And I'm so thankful for what you've done in my life, the lives of these that are here. And Father, we don't just rest on laurels of stuff you've done in the past. Father, we believe you're a God of the present leading us to a great future. I pray that you bless your people this evening. Bless the word that comes forth, Father. Lord, we thank you for your presence. And Lord, we pray that you help us get out of the way this evening. Those that would be streaming that you would visit them, Father. And Lord, we want to remember those that are sick and afflicted amongst us and those that are not amongst us. Father, these requests comes in, Father, for to pray for people you hardly even know. Lord, they're looking for an answer. They're thirsting, Father, for relief from the torment of this day and time. I pray for each and every one, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray that you bless the tithes and offerings. be with us this evening, Father. Sweep through the place regardless of what we see or feel. Touch our hearts. Lead us on. Give us strength, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. F. We're going to sing a little bit. It's your season to be blessed. Let's put our hands together. It's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. It's going to open up windows. Pour out the blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Sing it with me now. It's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He'll open up windows. Pour out you a blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Put our hands together. It's your season to be blessed. God made your promise. you stood the test. He's going to open up windows, pour out all the blessings. It's your season to be blessed. Listen now. I'm blessed in the city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed going out and I'm blessed coming in. He's going to open up windows, pour out blessings. It's your season to be blessed. Let's sing it now. Well, it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. You open up windows, pour out your blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Listen, I've gone through the fire. I've been through the flood. I'm standing here because of his blood. He's going to open up windows and pour out a blessing. It's your season. It's your season to be blessed. Oh, it's your season to be blessed. God made your promise. You stood the test. He's going to open up windows and pour your blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Sing it if you're waiting now. Well, it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He's going to open up windows. Pour out you a blessing. It's your season to be blessed. I've been through the fire. I've been through the blood. I'm standing here all because of his blood. He's going to open up windows, pour out you a blessing. It's your season. It's your season to be blessed. One more time. Well, it's your season to be blessed. God made your promise. should take. Well, he's going to windows. Pour out you a blessing. It's your season. Put your hands together if you want to be blessed tonight. Well, it's your season to be blessed. God made your promise. You stood the test. Well, he opens windows and pour out our blessing. It's your season. Oh, to be blessed. Oh, it's my season to be blessed. God made me a promise. I stood the test. Now he's open windows. So pour out me a blessing. It's my season. It's my season to be blessed. If you believe it, won't you sing it? It's my season to be blessed. Oh, he made promise. I still keep on going [Applause] and for your blessing. This your season is your season. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a great big hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. How many know God is real? Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of My God is real. There are some things I may not know. There are some places I can't go. But I am sure of this one thing. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. This the verse I wanted to sing. I can't tell. My awesome folks, [Music] Jesus washed all my sins away. [Music] But since that day, since that hour, [Music] God is real. [Music] One more time. Say, "God is real. He's real in my soul. [Music] God is real. He loves me. like hero like hero [Music] for I can feel him in my soul. [Music] Give me the key of G again. Amen. Key of G. [Music] Time is filled with Swift's transition. [Music] No on earth unre can stand your holes. [Music] Say, "Trust in him." Listen to the next verse. Trust in him. [Music] Oh, sing my earthly friends. I'm going to clean more closely. You better hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, you better hold unchanging hand. Oh, won't you feel your hopes on the eternal and hold to God's shaving hand. Let's sing it like this now. Oh to his hands. Sing God's uno to his hand. Singing God's unchanging. You better feel your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's changing hand. One more time. Well, you better hold to his hand. way all to his hand. God's a changing man. Won't you be your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's changing hand. One more time. Sing say ho to God's unchanging hand. Say ho to God's unchanging hand. Want to build your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's changing hand. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother Aaron, won't you give us a song? Amen. Let's give Brother Aaron a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Are you disappointed? [Music] Are you desperate for help? You know what it's like to be tired shell of yourself, but you start to believe. You don't have what it takes. [Music] cuz it's all you can do just to move much less finish a race. But don't forget what lies ahead. Oh home, brother, it won't be long. All your burdens will be gone. With all your strength, sister, run, run free. Hold up your hands. Keep pressing on. We are almost home. Well, this road will be hard. [Music] Will you win in the end? Simply because of Jesus in us. It's not if, but when. Take joy in the journey, even when it feels long. Oh, find strength in each step. Know in heaven's cheering you up. We are all brother. It won't be long. And all your burdens will be gone. With all your strength, sister, run on, run free. Hold up your hand. Keep pressing on. We are almost poor. Oh, almost. Oh, I know that the cross has brought heaven to us. But make no mistake, there's still more to come. When our flesh and our bones will no longer be between where we are right now, where we're meant to be. When all has been lost, it's made whole again. When these tears and this pain no longer exist. No more walking. We're running as fast as we can. Consider this our second way. Almost home, brother. It won't be long. Soon all your burdens will be gone. With all your strength, sister, run, run free. Hold up your head. King keep pressing on. We are almost [Music] home. Almost. Oh, we are almost home. Almost [Music] home. Oh, we are almost home. [Applause] Amen. Let us stand. Amen. I have to apologize to you. I got beside myself and resung the song that I already started off with and I kind of lost my place there. But that's how it happened. Let's give the Lord a hand. Got a chance to praise the Lord a little bit more. Amen. Now it's time for the word. Amen. Let's just Brother Jason comes to sing because he lives kill G. I believe God sent his son. They called him Jesus. [Music] He came to love, [Music] heal and forive. [Music] be blessed and die to by my partner and him grace is there to prove my savior lives. And because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. And in one day I'll cross the river and find life. I know with pain [Music] and then as death is way to vtory I'll see the light of glory and I know he lives and because he can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I alone behold my life is worth the living because he lives. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of worship this evening. Praise the name of the Lord. Amenise God. Praise God. God bless you. Amen. Happy to have you all in the house of God tonight. Amen. We are still no doubt rejoicing from the weekend. What a time that was. My goodness. I um I let all those brothers that came and sang for us and and different ones of you and all of our local singers. That was a banner weekend and I've already had so many requests to do it again. So, we need to do that quarterly. I said, "Well, I don't know if I'm feeling that, but maybe by annually or something like that, but uh brother Tim said he would sure like to come back." Brother Wes, same thing. Amen. Um, sure. Brother Lennial also expressed some real personal things to me that were real tender-hearted. And I sure love Brother Lennial. Was glad he got to be here. Amen. With us. Amen. Brother Brad, in fact, is preaching over uh in Green Pond this evening. So, I want to be praying for him. We're going to invite you to uh the book of Revelation, and we're going to go uh starting in chapter uh six. Amen. And I um I didn't send you guys any information. and I apologize, but I guess tonight would be part seven of the series. And uh in case you didn't know it, we're going to start in Revelation 6. Amen. So, um I tell you what, brother Josh, why don't we start in Revelation 6:12? Is that where I want to start? No, that's not where I want to start. Let's start in uh verse five. Revelation 6:5. We'll begin there and then we'll jump over to Revelation 8. Amen. I sure am enjoying this series and just really been enjoying putting it all together. And I Amen. spent all day just trying to get my mind around the thought for this evening and and walking the floors literally because I I I walk and preach to myself and and I do a lot of thinking while I'm walking. Sister Debbie sees me just going in circles. she knows, okay, he's preaching. And so, um, we're I I just, uh, have just been thrilled with it. I got up this evening and just when it was time, I finally had to go get ready and I said, "My goodness, it's just so big. It's so It's so vast. You just can hardly take it all in." But we're going to do a fly over today at about 50,000 ft. Amen. So, you can get a good view of it. Amen. Lot a lot of times you have to do that. You if you're if you're on the ground, you can't really see everything. You got to get some high altitude where eagles soar and then you you begin to bring it into perspective. So the whole purpose of it is is not to fill our head full of mystery knowledge, but it's so that we see our part in it. So that we recognize our day and its message, so that we recognize modern events made clear. So that you know what's going on. Hey, you know, you know what that's a an elixir for? You know what that's a remedy for? That's a remedy. That's a uh that's an actual working vaccination that actually works and won't kill you and harm you. Uh and it'll keep your heart from failing for fear. Because at the end time, part of the plague under the seventh vial is that men's hearts fail for fear for the things coming on the earth because they don't know what's happening. And it looks very scary and very ominous. But uh when you can when you can see all the moving parts and know what connects to what and know why, not just know the what, but know the why behind it and what it's going to come to. Boy, it is it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Cuz it all ends great for us. Amen. I just tell you friends, I've said it before, your future is so bright. Oh, it's bright. It's bright. My goodness. Amen. So let's begin in Revelation uh chapter 6 and verse 5. And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, "Come and see. And I beheld, and lo, a black horse, and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard the voice in the midst of the fourth of the four beasts say, "A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny, and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine." Verse seven. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, "Come and see." And I looked, and behold, a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him. And power was given unto him uh was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beast of the earth. Um, I think I'm going to jump you over to chapter nine. Uh we'll begin in chapter 8 verse 12. And the fourth angel sounded and the third this is the the trumpet trumpets. And the fourth angel sounded and the third part of the sun was smitten. Now let me just stop and say this. The reason I'm reading I read the third and the fourth seal is because that encapsulates what was happening in the seals of the history we've been talking about. All right. And then if we would go into the church ages, which I'm not I'm trying to not not read you to death tonight. We'll get that on Sunday. Um, but you're going to see that we're we're that third and fourth seal are operational during as the sixth church age is coming to a close getting ready to move into the seventh church age. And as the sixth is handing to the seventh, that se th those seals are beginning to move toward from a black horse to a pale horse. Amen. All right. and the the living creature is going from a man age to an eagle age. Now, while all of that is happening in the gentile world, trumpets are sounding and corresponding vials are partially opening around the world and it's controlling history. And it's all happening synchronously, simultaneously, in concert. And brother Brandham said it's all it all happens in a cluster. So you're going to hear me say just in a minute in a few minutes how that all of these moving parts start coming together and prophecy which is driving history starts ramping up and things get really fast. Amen. Amen. So tonight, I'm here to tell you that the midnight cry has already went forward and the rapture cycle has already begun. Amen. And we're not waiting on the we're not we're where boy the I'm going to show you that we've had the ministry of the morning star and the ministry of the capstone. Yeah. All right. Now we're it's still unfolding. So, when we say we're waiting on it, we're already in it. It's like the rapture. We're waiting on it, but we're already in it because it's a cycle. I'm already preaching. I haven't even read my You see where I've been all day. Oh, Lord, help me. All right. Now, so I just wanted to say that so that you know, we got a lot of moving parts. And I'm going to try to draw you out some word pictures tonight rather than use diagrams. Uh because I that's kind of how my gift works. I can explain things to where you catch a picture of it. All right. So, let's let's look at the fourth trumpet again because this fourth trumpet with its corresponding vial is is the the trumpet part is happening in history long around the end of the 1900s, the 19th century getting ready to cross into the 20th century and the corresponding vial partially breaks because a vial broke in every age partially. All right. All right. So, so now the fourth trumpet. Now, you're starting back in the late uh 1800s of that's the latter part of the 19th century, the late 1800s, and you're getting ready. You're headed toward uh the year um you're you're leaving the 1800s going into the 1900s. And that's why Isuza was 1906. All right. All right. Let me just keep reading. And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars, so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise. Let me give you a little tidbit. This whole business of a third part, a third part, a third part just simply means it's temporary, right? All right. And I beheld and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven saying with a loud voice, "Wo, wo, wo to the inhabitors of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels," this is 5, six, and 7, which are yet to sound. Chapter nine. And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth. And to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. And he opened the bottomless pit. And there arose a smoke out of the pit as the smoke of a great furnace. And the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit. And there came out of the smoke locust upon the earth. And unto them was given power as the scorpions of the earth have power. And it was commanded that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree, but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads. And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months. And their torment was as the torment of the scorpion when he striketh a man. And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it, and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them. And the shapes of the locust were like unto horses, prepared unto battle. And on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men. And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions, and they had breastplates as it were ble breastplates of iron. And the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots, of many horses running to battle. Wow. Wow. Wow. So, we're starting to ramp up the woes. And World War I is is is is beginning to it's beginning to move toward World War I under the first woe. And they had tails like unto scorpions, and their stings were in their tails. And their power was to hurt men five months. And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the in the Hebrew tongue is a bad, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apolon. One woe is passed, and behold, there come two woes more hereafter. Man, we just we just we just shot over about the last 50 years of the 1800s, jumped into the 1900s, into the 20th century, and went all the way to World War I and through World War I and out the other side of it. And you did that in a matter of verses. All right, we better pray. Lord, I thank you for your word. I thank you for the vision that we have in this day. And Lord, it's just a it's nothing. We would have nothing to say. We would be just as confused as the rest of the world were it not for a vindicated voice that came and you spoke through that voice and put all the pieces together and they fit. My goodness, they fit like a mosaic. They fit so beautiful, Lord. And I get swept away by it and I just ask for your help now as we look at these things because we're not you're not here just to entertain us or fill us with facts. We want to see the application of what does this mean to me? What should I be looking for? Uh how should what should my perspective? What should my world view be knowing these things? I pray that you will help us to see the urgency of the hour. We've only got a short amount of time here on a Wednesday night. We can't take too much on. So Lord, I'm praying for your your mind that I can be efficient to get out what we need and position ourselves for the weekend. and we commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. And I won't wear you tonight. Um we're we're going to go for just a little bit of time and I I really um if the Lord the Lord being my helper, I probably just have I'm going to take you through the sequence of things, but I I really only have one major point that I wish to make. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. Now, intentionally, I again, I didn't put up any quotes. Uh, I'm going to read I'm going to read slow and I'm going to stop and catch you up to my thinking as we go along because I want to keep you in the mix. All right? Is that good? All right. So, brother Brandham comes to the first seal and now he's he says now the lamb in the time of intercessory back there he knew that there were names in there that was put in there from the foundation of the world and as long as them names had never been manifested on earth as yet he had to stay there as intercessor. Do you get it? Perfectly predestination. See? All right. Now, that that's the first point that I want to really get etched in your mind. Don't let anyone ever change it. The lamb has to stay in his intercessory role until he fills up the role. Amen. until all the names uh that were in the in that in that section of election in the lamb's book of life until all of those names are redeemed back to God in Christ then he he will always stay in heaven as that interceding lamb all right now that now let me say this because you're going to need this that does not at all stop him from working in the the earth, right? Amen. As long as you know how he's working. Is he here corporally? He is not. The lamb is in heaven interceding. He's not here in his corporal body. And in fact is even in the rapture, his feet don't actually touch the earth. He descends down and we move up and we meet in the air. Amen. The correlation of that is seen in type uh with Isaac and Rebecca. She came from her home. He left his home and they met in the field. All right. So then he actually doesn't put his feet on the earth until after he's taken a bride up. We go for three and a half years to a wedding supper, a table thousands of miles long. I told your future was bright. You don't have to worry about calories. You don't have to worry about carbs. You can just eat whatever you want, as much as you want, because your glorified, perfect body will will just do it. Hallelujah. So, even chocolate will be be good for you. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't know if they'll have chocolate, but I hope so. So, so, so we I don't know why they wouldn't. It's made from elements of the earth. So, let's hope let's hope for the best. Let's hope for a smorgus board of a whole section of the table that's various chocolates. I can hear brother Donnie saying, "Amen, brother." Amen. and he's a choahholic. And so, um, he admits to that publicly. So, so we realize then that while we're there, uh, 42 months, the earth is going through what the Bible refers to as Jacob's trouble. It's a tribulation period like the world has never seen. It's had a lot of tribulation, but it's never seen a tribulation like that. And so then when we come back on the back side of that, and I'm not going into that this evening, but that's when Christ rides out, the armies of heaven follow with him, which is his bride. And that's when the scripture is fulfilled. All the eyes of them see him. See, that's people think, theologians think that's the rapture. But the rapture is a secret catching away. He comes like a thief in the night and he takes her and steals away. See, but when that happens, all eyes will see him. And when they see him, no, no one's really happy. And you can imagine why. Because they've they've martyed the foolish virgin. And they've put to death Moses and Elijah. And the 144,000 are slain. And now here comes God. Nobody's happy. And the Bible says that they cry out and woe and it's and it's and it's alarm because they, you know, brother Brandham talks about how that when Jesus came actually stepped out that that validated that John was in fact Elijah, right? Amen. They thought he was Elijah. Now he denied that. He said, "No, are you are you that prophet or are you this prophet?" No, no, no. Who are you? the voice of one crying in the wilderness which was a veiled way of saying because that's the ministry that Elijah would have part of his ministry would be that crying in the wilderness preparing preparing the way for the Lord but but no one could prove that he was no one was re absolutely required to believe it until Jesus actually came and there he was and behold the lamb of God and John's ministry was validated ated by the first coming of Christ onto the scene. Amen. Amen. All right. And so, Brother Brandham says the exact same way in the church age book, the exact same way, the Elijah of this day will be proven to the world at the coming of the Lord. Now, they the rapture won't necessarily do it except for the people who know about it. people who are taught that this have been taught but have rejected that this message is the message of the hour when we leave. I imagine they'll know but the whole world won't know. They the whole world won't even know we're gone. And and I I just I I I dread to imagine what must be happening in the earth that they don't know a global bride has left the scene. Amen. and what chaos must be happening, what mayhem and death must be going on for for somebody to say, "Hey, there's there's there's this many, you know, people missing." And they're going to go, "Yeah, no kidding." And so you say, "Do is it going to be California? Is it going to be this? Is it going to be that?" Well, uh, I would like to say we'll see. And we will, but I won't be here to see it. I'll be in another dimension. Thank God. Amen. But it will when when God when Christ comes back and the bride comes back with him which will include all the seven messengers then the world that denied they were the seven messengers because all me seven messengers were denied that they were the seven by the people of their age. They didn't believe them in mass. They didn't believe them. Only a very few elected actually believe the messengers. And so it's going to become very clear because they're they're they're with the king. Wow, these guys really were the real deal. And we've missed it and it's too late for us and they won't be wrong. Amen. So, so we realize then that that that you want you've got to realize that until that last name on the role is called. Now, I just I I want to underline this. I really want you to absorb it because I'm about to read some quotes that'll make you going to you're almost going to go, "Wait, what? I thought you uh that seems contradictory." Hang on. Brother Brandon makes it clear as he goes along. So the the lamb must stay as an intercessor until he says all those names from the foundation of the world as long as them names has never been manifested on earth as yet uh he has to stay there as intercessor until he until the Holy Spirit draws them reveals himself. They are they're come to the atonement of Christ and they are lifted up from sin and filled with the Holy Ghost. I mean, I I it would not surprise me and I would even I would even almost go as far as to say that we might I mean, it's altogether possible that the that the last seed that's going to go is already walking the earth. Amen. See, you say, well, what about, you know, hey, hold on. We got sisters that might have some babies. All babies go to heaven regardless. So, we're not even we're not even worried about that. We're talking about those who who are going to come to the age of accountability and uh and God is going to deal with them. I believe that they I you know, are Moses and Elijah on the earth? Maybe. Are they the literal? Uh well, if they are, then they're probably not on the earth, but if they're not, if they're men with that spirit, they might be. Could it be that they wouldn't know it? It could be. Brother Brandham didn't know that he was Malachi 4. Amen. See, he knew what he was told on the river. But that's as far as it went because that ministry had not come upon him until the opening of the seals. All right. So, we go on now. We We're going to move a little a little further. I'm going to really watch my time carefully. So, he has to stay there as intercessor. Do you get it? And he says, "Perfectly predestination." See? All right. First seal. Now he had to stay there because he came to die for those that God had ordained to life. Say well so so there only only the ordained are going to receive life. Of course only the ordained are going to believe the word. Amen. We're talking about redemption now. That doesn't that doesn't do away with the fact that God's going to grant a whole lot of people eternal life. The foolish virgin are going to be granted people who just for kindness to the bride will be granted eternal life. God's going to judge them by their heart response to the word at whatever level uh whatever level. I mean, he might have just revealed himself to him and it might have been some Native American 200 years ago and God just revealed himself in nature and the and the native didn't really understand who God had never heard about Jesus, but he knew there was a great spirit and he worshiped him and he he cooperated with nature because nature was built by the word of God. So when you cooperate with nature and you're you're remember he's going to destroy those who destroy the earth. Yeah. And see, brother Brandham goes back and talks about how that it was the rascal of the white man who come in with his sharp sharps rifle, his buffalo rifle. And he said, "But the the Native American, he ate used the hide, the hooves, the inards, the guts, the meat, the everything. Nothing was wasted." I'm going to tell you something. God honors that. See? Amen. So all and all heathens will be raised up in the millennium who never had a chance at the gospel. So listen friends, we're not here to we're not here to put all that together. I may get to that when we get further down the road because we want to look at future events made clear in prophecy. So So he So now we're we're talking bring oursel back to those who are ordained, those whose names are in the lamb's book of life in the section of election. And and you say, "Well," and you've heard me use this analogy. If you ever get pinned with this and somebody says, "Well, John 3:16 says, "Whosoever will." Just go ahead and say, "Amen." Amen. Because John 3:16 doesn't say that anyone will. It doesn't say who will or even that anyone will. It just says whosoever will. So, the only way to answer, well, then are there is there going to be people who will? Yes. Who will believe? You go to the book of Acts and the Bible says as many as were ordained believed. Amen. See, so you can try all you want. You can't trip up the scripture. Not once you have not once the word is open to you. Amen. So he says he came to die for those that God had ordained to eternal life. By his fornowledge he saw them. Now watch this and I and I gotta I gotta read it all and then explain it. He saw them. Okay, by his fornowledge he saw them not and he makes this point not by his own will. Now what he's doing is he's eliminating God showing favoritism. It's not that God stood at the beginning of time and said, "I like you and you, but I don't like you." Yeah, you're okay. Come on, you can go. Uh, no. Uh, no. No, no. Uh, yes. Uh yeah. Okay. Uh no it it's not like that. It's not it's not about that. Brother Brandham clarifies it. He says his will was that none should perish. He his fornowledge he knows they will perish but his will was that none should perish. He doesn't take de pleasure in the death of even the sinner. See, and so brother Brandham says, "So it's not by his own will, but by his fornowledge he knew who would and and who would not." So it's more uh let let me say it like this. It's it's more than that God won't let them perish. Those names on the Lamb's book of life in the section of election. It's not about God's will saying he won't let me perish. You can't perish. Amen. You understand? It's not because because if it's God's will, then maybe you might make him mad by your constant failures and it won't be his will anymore. It was never his will. His will is that everybody makes it. But election is something beyond that. because I can no more perish than God can perish because I'm a part of God. And that's how we understand election is by origin. So I came from God. I can say like Jesus, I came from God and I go back to God. Oh, hear me friends. There simply are not enough devils in all the world to stop that. Hallelujah. That burns Satan. My that burns him cuz he's never been able to stop that seed line of Christ. Amen. Amen. So he says, "Therefore, as long as there was one name that had never been declared in earth, Christ had to stay there as an intercessor to take care of that name." Even Even one, he's just it's singular. that name, that last name. All right. But as soon as that final name has been splashed in the Clorox or bleach, the blood of Christ, right? Um, I keep losing my place here. All right, then. Boy, this contraption. All right. Thank you. Some kind of a glitch. Don't know what it is, but we ain't going to worry about it. Amen. I will close it down and preach it from my heart anyway if I need to. So he says, "Therefore, as long as there was one name that had never been declared in the earth, Christ has to stay there as an intercessor to take care of that name. But as soon as that final name has been splashed in the Clorox or bleached, then his intercessory days was over. Let him that's filthy be filthy still. Let him that's holy be holy still." And he leaves the sanctuary. And then it becomes a judgment seat. Woe to those outside of Christ then. So that's why that was where the con the the problem when they asked brother Brandon because it sound like he was saying that the foolish virgin are saved in the in the tribulation but yet he was but they knew the Bible said that when the bride goes up let him that's filthy be filthy still. And brother Brandamus told them see no one can be saved when the bride is gone. So they write him a question. Brother Bill, we thought you taught that in the tribulation no one could be saved, but it seems like you were saying that that the foolish virgin are saved. And brother Brandham answers the question very honestly and he says, "Now the confusion comes from what I've taught about the foolish virgin being saved in the tribulation." He says, "They're not saved. They're already saved from destruction." See, they're but they're not born again. And the proof of that is that they go into the tribulation and they have to give their lives. They have to give their own blood because they rejected the blood, the atonement blood of Christ that bled and died for them. And they did that by rejecting the word of the hour which was a bleeding word because no one has access to the actual blood. And it's irrelevant anyway. The the chemistry ran down the cross and did its last job. It claimed the earth. But it's not the chemistry of the blood that comes upon you. No one's got a charger of it. No one's If you did find a charger full of the blood of Christ, you would have more value than the blood because he gave that blood to save you. You just one person. It would be more value to God than a whole charger full of the blood of Jesus. Amen. Because it's the life that was in the blood that came back on the church. He didn't sprinkle anybody with blood. Yes, we're saved by the blood. We're saved by faith. it by grace through through faith. And it and it's the blood that keeps us because why? How does the blood keep you? Because it's a bleeding word that washes you constantly. Washes your mind and washes your spirit. And we are kept by the bleeding word. No wonder. Be you a gene of God. Be you a Christian. Be born again of the Holy Spirit. But feed on the world and don't feed on the word and you'll get become a very sticky Christian. Amen. Amen. You'll deal with pride and unforgiveness and anger and temper and malice and jealousy. Satan will get you with fleshly lust and temptations because why? You eat and drink the poisons of Leodysa and you don't constantly get in the antidote. You're already going to contact the world unavoidably. It's already going to contaminate you. It's a good thing you're here tonight. Everybody should be here to hear the preaching of the word. Amen. See? So, all right. So, so he says they're already saved. They're not saved in tribulation. They're already saved, but they're not born again. They go through the tribulation to be purged of their sin of unbelief and rejecting the message. But they're good people. The king calls them righteous people. The Bible calls them in the book of Revelation saints. Saints means sanctified one. So we so we realize then that that many are saved from from eternal destruction. They have accepted the atonement of Christ in in every way they knew. Uh but that's that's not election. That's not the redeemed. That's next level. The redeemed are next level. They're in the election. They're part of the offspring of almighty God. Amen. So So he says now he leaves the sanctuary and then it becomes a judgment seat. Woe to those outside of Christ. Now notice, but it's to be revealed when the lamb leaves his intercessory place from the father. Now, brother Ram says, "No, that's revelation five." Okay, now I'm jammed because that means if the seals have been opened, then there's no more mercy because it's to be revealed when the lamb leaves. The seals are to be revealed when the lamb leaves his intercessory place. And the lamb revealed the seals to us in 1963. So, you can see why certain camps ran forward saying there's no more mercy. I'm glad they were wrong. I'm glad they were wrong. I was born in ' 63, but I didn't give my heart to the Lord for many years afterward. I don't know if any of us in here except maybe some of the the eldest among us, Sister Jean, by by 1963 was already a believer. But I'm here to tell you, I'd like to go in the rapture with her. So now we're going to come down and we're going to show you how how is this working? Is there mercy or is there not mercy? Because if the if the seals are open, then he's left the intercessory, the the the it goes smoky. He's walked forward from the eternities. He was back there interceding. He stepped forward, took the book, loose the seals. And here is where you've got to understand brother Brandham's language. And he makes it so very clear. All right? And we'll get to it in a moment. Let me keep reading. So now he takes the books sealed with seven seals, breaks them and shows them. Look at the end of the age. Now after the intercessory is over, the church ages has done finished up. He come in the first age, Ephesian age, revealed, sent the messenger. Notice what happened as we go along. Now he's he's projecting forward to the bride is gone and the whole thing is done. All right. Now he's going to backpedal and go back and and walk it through and show you how it all unfolded in the ages. So he says, "Here's the plan of it." All right. This is what happened in every age with a messenger and a message. All right? And I ordained people to believe it. All right? Here's the Now notice what happens as we go along. Here's the plan of it. The first thing happens. There is an announcement in the heavens. First, what happens? A seal is open. What is it? A mystery is unfolded. See? And when a mystery unfolds, then a trumpet sounds. It declares a war. a plague falls which is that vial. Now understand this friends that just because at the end when the seal the when the when the mysteries of God were unsealed to us and we looked back and knew what the first we know what the first seal was. It's already history. That church lived through it. Only they didn't know what they didn't know it all. You understand? But they were already living. And so, Brother Brandham talks about how that that that mystery that a that a seal partially breaks open. A mystery drops down. A messenger catches it, runs with it, people rally around it, and then that age is laid away asleep. And then once the messengergers's gone and all the bride of that are on the book that are were on the role for that age or died away, now the the the the next generation who are not born again take a hold of that message and denominate it. And then and then God's done with it and he moves on to the next one and and another mystery and another messenger and another whole group of people. And every time that that there's a rejection of that original message, then one of those vials cracks open and drops a temporary plague on the earth. See, all of that is going to unfold in the tribulation. Because today, we don't, you have to understand, you say, "Oh, well, but we've got the pale horse rider." The pale horse rider is a conglomerate of the first, second, and third. You understand? So everything they dealt with partially under that partial breaking under the first age it that we've got that plus the second one plus the third one. And now and now we realize that that under under the vial and under the corresponding trumpet that the sun is going dark, the sun won't shine and the moon is going dark. And brother Brandham says, "See, they're they're they're starting to turn away from the word. The church is like the moon and the sun is like the word. And and what's going to follow that? Then a star is going to fall from heaven, which is Lucifer. The bottomless pit's going to be open because he's given a key and demon powers. And now you're coming into 1880, 1890, 1900, 1905, 1906. And then and then that bottomless pit, those scor those those those creatures are going to go out there with scorpions and hair like a woman and and they and they look like they look like scorpions and they sting a man. Now when you look at that in history, it's interesting because that the elements of that fifth vial that partially broke, remember it all breaks full in the tribulation. Amen. Even even when we go back to the to the seals and we say, "Well, we're under the under the pale horse." True. Yes. But he's not on his full- mounted ride because he can't because you're here and your presence hinders him and he can't get a full mount ride. So the world thinks it's bad now. They ain't got a clue. When the last thing holding him back is the bride is gone. Then the first then the we find that the white horse, the red horse, the black horse is all now the full power of the pale horse and he starts riding through the tribulation. The world is a fairy land right now compared to what it's about to be. Amen. So, so and then and then the cluster is all happening together. And then you've got the the church cooling off under that fourth trumpet, fourth vial. You've got then the Satan is loose, drops down, the the bottomless pit is open, demon powers, brother Brandham calls it the lid torn from hell. We covered this last Sunday and starts streaming through the earth. And that's how it ramps the world up to go to world war that had never happened. That's right. Because you had had wars and rumors of wars. Jesus said, "You'll have that. It's not the end. These things have to be. It's just the beginning of sorrows." But the world had never had a World War. See, because the World War I and World War II and World War II, the first, second, and third woe are the judgments to sweep the earth of sinful man. And it would have went 1 2 3 gone had not an angel rose from the east and put a stop on it after the end of World War I and paused it because there still had to the church ages were still moving and the seals were still in play and the trumpets and and and and it hadn't even the the the theund the 200 million chargers under the sixth trumpet corresponding vial sixth corresponding vial hadn't even been released yet. Amen. to to anoint Hitler and Ikeman and Mussolini and Stalin to slaughter the Jews. Oh friend, do you see how this is all in a cluster? It's all working together. And while all of that is happening and it's breaking into the 20th century and you're going to the first woe now, it's interesting because brother Brandham said, now this is just Brother Jason. I'll give you what he said and then I'll give you what it looks like to me beyond what he said. Is that okay? It's you're you you're definitely going to want to take what he said, what I say. You can you can you can chew on it and it just it just helps me to understand it. It's not anything to affect us. It's just the way it looks to me. So when I when I look at that fifth trumpet and the corresponding vial because the trumpets and vials run together, if you read their description, they're almost identical. Yeah. Amen. So, so you find out that they they involve the same thing. Just like the the the sixth vial and the sixth trumpet all deal with the river and it's Euphrates and it's water and it's demons. All right. The you go back to the fifth trumpet, the fifth vial, go back to the fourth one and trumpet and the fourth vial and you'll see that they correspond. All right? So, brother Brandham said these locusts that come up had long hair like women. Now, bear in mind, we're at the first part of the 20th century. The lid's torn from hell somewhere. It's just somewhere short of World War I. So, somewhere at the end of the 1890s going into the 1900s, somewhere in there, it's a little ambiguous. We don't know exactly, but at some point, the star falls from heaven. He's given a key, opens the bottomless pit, and out they come. Now, Brother Brandham said they had hair like women to torment the women who had cut theirs off. Amen. Amen. Now, it's notable to me, and it's not lost on me as a matter of observation that the hair bob came in 1912. It was called the Bob and it came out of Hollywood. And if you go back and look at old pictures, women had long hair. It fell all the way down. And and even when they were still dressing very decently, they started Hollywood started influencing them. And in 1912, the hair bob came and it was all the rage. And you're going I mean, you're you're you're you're going right there and in a little while you're going to be in the roaring 20s. And brother Bram talks about how the chorus girls became flappers and then the flappers in every generation just got completely worse. And so now I can see that the bottomless pit is opened and I can see scorpions with hairike women to torment women who cut theirs off. You say, "What was their torment?" World War I took 25 million of their husbands and sons. Amen. Amen. And that's a conservative estimate. Some estimates are 40 million. And just as a as a student of history, that's not lost on me when I look at that and go, "Wow, brother Brandham never never t never connected that dot." So it's it's free. But when I what he did make clear was he tracked that fourth trumpet, fifth trumpet, and sixth trumpet, and he told us what they were. Now, the first three, we have almost no clue at all. It was to the Jews. It was happening in history. Some of it looks like the bubanic plague back back there. I don't know. It's it's ominous when you read it. That that's that's the history Moses and Elijah will make clear to the Jews, to the 144,000 like brother Brandon made the history to us clear when he preached the church ages and the seals and told us what was all happening and why. see that. And so that'll be their message because what the Jews have a have a notion when they think about the Holocaust and they think about the pograms and everything they went through through the dark ages and and under Isabel and all the different things and and and and the whole uh uh persecution of the Jews for 2,000 years. They have felt like God has abandoned them. And it'll be Moses and Elijah who will say, "No, he didn't abandon you." Actually, while all that was happening, he kept preserving you. And you've come to this day and he wouldn't even let the World War I 2 and three go because he had to send us to you first. And they're going to realize, oh my goodness, he loves us. Yeah, of course he loves you. He's always loved you. See, I'm so happy for him. I don't know who they are, but I'm happy for them already. Oh, what a what a jubilee. is going to be like the bride in 1963 when the seals are open and it was a jubilee. Hallelujah. Amen. And so, so we so it's not lost on me that they're going to lose and then the second woe is going to begin and then they're going to lose 60 to 75 million of sons and daughters, sons and fathers, husbands and sons are going to be killed around the world. Amen. So when I see these things tormenting women because they bobbed off their hair and they and it but they still hadn't fallen from grace yet till around the beginning of the second woe and the second world war. And brother Brandham identifies that as when women fell from grace and the nation the backbone of the nation was broke. It takes a prophet to pinpoint those times. Takes a prophet to show what's happening. It takes a prophet to show 1956 is the last year for America. Yeah. Amen. You don't catch it here. You're not. You're not ever going to catch it. They didn't. 57. He says, "Okay, you missed it. That's it. Do what you want. Pour all the resources in it you want. Have satellite TV. Have big choirs. Have big churches. Go around the world. It's you're not going to bring it back. It's doomed." See? So, so you've heard me say this before. So, while that's happening under the trumpets and vows throughout Europe, throughout the Ottoman Empire, and it's all about God moving the Jews, getting them ready to go back to the homeland, however, the Gentiles are involved in it, because it's gentile women bobbing their hair, it's gentile men dying in war, you see. So, we're all in this thing together, right? And so, so when you when you go like that and you you see how it's tracking through history and you understand the cause of all of of of the fourth, the sun is darkened, the moon is darkened, and the bottomless pit is open, and world wars are starting to move, and women are bobbing their hair, and the bottomless pit is open. And while that's happening across the ocean, God is talking to a small boy under a tree saying, "Don't ever drink or smoke or defile your body. I have a work for you to do when you get older." He grew up and he went to work and I'm the beneficiary of it. Not only am I now, but I can look back at that history and say, "Jesus followed me. He was following me. He led me all the way." Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. Hallelujah. And of all the the 40 million that died in the bubanic plague and all of the 25 to 40 million that died in World War I and the 75 million that died in World War II, my seed line was unkillable cuz I had to get here. Amen. And I am here to tell you something, friends. Brother Brandham, and I read this in history when they were when that war chief had his he said I read his own memoirs. He said, "I had my best marksman trying to kill General Washington and we had him dead to rights and my best marksman took five shots at range and and he said we could see the bullets hitting him and nothing was happening." And he said after and they just kept passing through his coat and not going I don't know they go in his coat and go around his biting go out the backside I don't know he stayed in the saddle he wasn't hit and the chief said I told my braves stop shooting at him the great spirit is protecting him I don't know why but stop shooting at him I read that myself I'm here to tell you something friends said there was an old Pentecostal sister and the Holy Spirit broke out and she was dancing around her living room and People rode by and shot into the house and bullets came through and went right through her clothing and she just kept right on shouting and praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Sure, I know that some of them died. I know that some of them have lived in dens and caves. I know the world wasn't worthy of any of them. I know some of them refused deliverance because they they wanted like Moses. They chose the harder way. They did like brother Brandham and chose the harder way. And I'm here to say tonight, I'm choosing the harder way. It's not the way of the world, but I got a bright future ahead. I promised myself I'd stop at 8:30. So, I got three minutes. I'm going to say this. When we come back Sunday, unless we're in the rapture, if we're not, if we're the rapture comes before Sunday, I won't be here. I hope none of you are here. Right. Amen. I hope none of y'all are at church on Sunday if the rapture comes and I feel sorry for the ones who missed their last opportunity tonight. Now, Brother JD, they got family. They're over in Charleston. Brother Brad, they're over there preaching. So, don't I know I know there's some different people been sick. I had a number of prayer requests that come in and we're going to cut catch those in a moment. So, I I want to and I'm not going to have time to get to any of them tonight, but I've got an entire stack of quotes where Brother Brandham is going to give us the key to understanding how is he still the interceding lamb, but yet the seals are open and the sanctuary smoking. He stepped from eternity to intercede and he's opened the book. Yeah, because you have you're going to be given to understand the difference between the appearing of Christ and the coming of Christ. Amen. And brother Brandham goes over he goes out of his way. I probably have at least a dozen at least. uh where brother Brandham uh is beginning to say he said now you've got to see the difference between the appearing the epiphania of God and words are synonymous whether it's it's actually pronounced paracia brother David Ml used to laugh he said people don't know how to pronounce it said well brother David you're you're in the Greek you got an advantage and so whether it's paracia whether it's epiphania no matter what it is the coming the presence the appearing they're all synonymous words, but they apply at different times. The appearing of Christ is happening with the with right now with the message of the hour brought the appearing of Christ, but that's not his coming. It is his coming because the words are synonymous. So, he has come and he's in our midst. But I thought you said he wasn't here corporally. He's not. He's in heaven as a lamb. Then where is he? He's in you. He's in me. That's what the ministry of the son of man is all about. Let's stand. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, I'm sorry. I didn't hardly get anything and it's your fault. Oh, wow. Boy, I should set y'all back down and cover all of this. No, let's not. Let's not. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's have uh our musicians come. Oh, here we go. And let's play something. Uh let's see who we missing. We are missing our piano player and our beautiful black man. Okay, come on, brother. You gonna play the piano? Okay, you're just going to sing a capella? Well, you got the band. Okay, cool. All right. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I caught him, a beautiful black man. One time I got outside and I said asked Sister Amber, "You agree with me?" She said, "Oh, yes. Praise the Lord." Whatever you're going to I know Andrew is short, but he's not over there, is he? Okay. Just making sure. All right. So, sing something for us, Brother Tony, while I get these prayer requests. Here I am shutting everything down. I got to get these prayer requests. Y'all come on and gather around. Come on up here while we while we get these requests uh and taken up. Is that the doctor behind me? Praise the Lord. Ah. Oh my. So, we got a number of requests here. If you've if you've still got one and haven't turned it in. I am online. Um, got that from you, Brother John. We'll add that real quick. Uh, anyone else that needs to get one in to do so? I have one from sister Phyllis. I have one from brother uh Caleb Campbell, one from Sister Hope, one from sister Meredith, and I'm going to add this one of brother John. [Music] All right, let me make sure I didn't have any others real quick. Don't see any. [Music] Is that what I think it is? [Music] All my faults. My li my all together I shall forever I shall forever lift my eyes to God for oh yes to build the where Jesus died for me. How marvelous [Music] [Applause] grace that caused my falling soul. Aren't you glad he He loved beyond my fault and all my need. Amen. Just keep playing that for me softly, Brother Andrew. We might come back to it in a minute. Sister Meredith says, "I wanted to send in a prayer request for Wednesday night. My 49year-old brother Michael just found out that he has to have open heart surgery to replace his aortic valve. The doctor says that his heart is operating at 25% of its normal capacity right now. We do not have a date for the surgery but it is expected within a month. This is going to be a very long recovery for him and he's very active person in his business and life. Most of all, he's not currently serving the Lord, but we believe the Lord is at work in several ways to draw his attention. Please be praying. Perfect will for my brother. I told her, Sister Meredith, I said, um, I think the Lord is pursuing him and I do not think he'll get away. Sister Hope writes, prayer requests for Wednesday's service. Please continue to remember Denise Sers in prayer. The Lord recently healed her of stage four cancer after visiting the ER with kidney issues a few weeks ago. You remember she was the one that had had that brain tumor and the Lord healed her. Uh after visiting the ER with kidney issues a few weeks ago, she has been diagnosed with a new tumor blocking her ur urtors. Her and her daughter June Brock are asking for special prayer for clarity and wisdom to make the best decisions for her care. An increased appetite to fuel her strength. Um, and June needs patience and a softer attitude in dealing with all of the responsibilities associated caring for her mom and family. All right. Brother Caleb Campbell writes, "Prayer request for Lana tonight. She's got a sore throat and not feeling well. Prayer request from Sister Phyllis. Brother Jason, I have a prayer request for my sister Susie. She has recently been diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer. It's been caught early, but she had a genetic testing done and has tested positive for the BERSA gene, which means she has a high probability of cancer reoccurring in the future. Therefore, she is looking at rather than having a lump lumpctomy, rather than that having a double mastctomy, we are waiting for a surgery schedule date. Please pray for her healing. She recently had her last MRI from her. This is the one who had brain uh brain surgery. I was confusing that with the person for sister hope uh and was given the allclear. So, praise the Lord. I know the Lord was with her throughout and he healed her. I see signs of his grace and intervention in the circumstances already. I know that she and I and our family would really appreciate everyone's prayers. Thank you. Brother John Lichek writes, "Brother Jason, we are requesting prayer for us. Elliot was having trouble sleeping and napping and congested. I am congested and achy, although mostly okay. Thank the Lord. Meredith has to work and praying for strength for her over the next few days. Thank the Lord. Hazel and Meredith has have been fine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, we'll sing that through again, Brother Tony. Amen. Then we'll go to prayer. [Music] [Applause] [Music] to Calary to the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] [Applause] praise that God my [Music] He looked He looks beyond my thoughts and all. [Music] Amen. Join with someone standing near you. Sister uh Princess also sent in a request wanting to be remembered in prayer. Brother Jason remembered me in prayer. Brother Dale wanted me to tell you all. He said, "Tell them we we love y'all." Amen. Tell them we love y'all. Amen. Sure. Love Brother Dale as well. And um let me make sure I had that correct. Yeah. Sister Princess just says, "Hey, pastor, remember me." Amen. Father God, Lord, we look into your word tonight and we just hardly have time to get very deeply into it. We just wanted to bring the people along and kind of give them a little refresher to catch them up in this series. We've had a little bit of a break from it. So tonight, Lord, we wanted to look into the word and find our footing and find our place. And these things give us courage, Lord. really they give us such courage because we can see my goodness you're really you really are in control of it all. History really is under the control of prophecy for real. Lord that gives us such peace and confidence. When we hear a prophet say that he that he you must intercede until that last name is called. Lord, we we want to look deeply into the into the whole meaning of the ministry of the son of man because that's the real key to understanding the appearing from the coming Lord. That's the understanding of peru paracia that they so misunderstood in the 80s. It's wonderful truths there, but it's got to be lined out. We've got to be able to say it exactly like a prophet said it and make it fit. Lord, I'm grateful to you for this day and hour and the revelation of the spirit, Lord, that we have to see these things clearly and teach it to the people. I pray tonight, Lord God, for all of our needs. We're thinking about Brother Jason and his family with family in town visiting. May they have a blessed time, Lord. May you just bless them abundantly. Brother Brad laboring pro perhaps at this very minute there in Green Pond. May you just bless them mightily, Lord Jesus. We're thanking uh and and we return the love back to our dear brother Dale who we never go a day without missing terribly. Lord, we thank sister Princess who if we had our way, she'd be sitting right here with us every service. Lord, I pray for her, Lord. We love her. We ask you to strengthen her, Lord, that in the day and hour that we live in. It's a terrible day, Lord. So may Lord if she took the time to send in a request for prayer and she put a an emoji of of hands uplifted. Brother Brandham said one day you say does it matter to raise my hand? He said it could be the difference between life and death. Lord she couldn't raise her hands here physically but she sent hands raised. And I pray you'll honor her prayer right now. Lord, we think of our our request that came in, Lord, from Sister Meredith and her brother only 49 years old. Lord, may you cause this to be so beautiful. May it have such an outcome. We pray for that man right now. No doubt running from the presence of the Lord. Catch him, Jesus. Catch him. Catch him, Lord. Catch him for the kingdom. Bring him to thee, oh God. uh tear tear the sinful nature from his soul and fill him full of the Holy Spirit and heal his heart, Lord God, and do it all in one big big package that would astonish the doctors and shut the devil up. Lord, may you grant these beautiful requests that we have for our sister Meredith's brother. Father, for this friend, this Denise Sers sister hope sends him. And Lord God, we see that the enemy fighting and we see the needs that are both physical, emotional, mental. Lord God, we're just asking for your the only one who can look at the whole case, start to finish, head to toe, inside and out. You know how to fix everything, everybody in every way, and you can put it all back together in perfect harmony. Lord, we ask this grace of thee, this mercy upon these people that Sister Hopein informs us of. Lord, we're thinking of our little sister Lana tonight. Lord God, Father, you lay your hands upon her right now and condemn the work of the enemy. May our little sister be made well. May Lord Uriah and Joy, may none of them and brother Caleb, may they all be shielded from the attack of the enemy. Father, I pray that you will bring healing to that home tonight. Lord, for this need for for Susie, uh the dear sister, Lord, how you've healed her, how you've come on the scene, our the sister of our sister Phyllis, you've already done great things, Lord God. So, why shouldn't we ask you for more and believe for more and believe for even bigger things, oh God? May you grant it to her, Lord. I pray in the name of Jesus that you'll bring all of these things, Lord. And and uh and we pray for Elliot, Father, and having trouble sleeping. and napping and congested and Lord and and and brother John also congested and achy. But Lord, we're asking for your mercy for that home as well. Shield Sister Meredith, Sister Hazel, recover her her men, Lord, uh the men of the home. I pray quickly, may it be so. Lord God, we commit these needs into your hands in Jesus lovely name. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Huh? Amen. Sister Meredith, brother Dale says, "That's the same surgery I had as sister Meredith's brother. Tell her it changed my life. Surely it will change his." I'll say, "A amen to that." Amen to that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sing for us again, Brother Tony. Amen. Amazing grace. Oh, it will always be. shall always be my song of praise. What a testimony. For it was great [Music] that brought smiling. [Music] Oh, let's worship him. Now I know why. Now I know Christ came to love me. So now I know why you did it. You looked beyond. He loved You looked beyond beyond all my many many faults. My fault. You saw a seed and saw Hallelujah. My glory to God. I shall forever. I shall forever lift my eyes to God. Glory, glory, glory to you Jesus [Music] for the my So I'm so grateful. He looks He looks beyond beyond beyond the all my turn around and shake somebody's hand. God bless you. We'll see you this weekend. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. I shall forever live. Lift my eyes to gy [Music] to you the cross where Jesus died for me. I full of grace that God my falling soul. [Music]
