################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-23 - Sunday School The Road to Conquest Surrender  -Bro. Mathew Smith - Mathew Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-23
Title:   Sunday School: The Road to Conquest: Surrender  -Bro. Mathew Smith
Speaker: Mathew Smith
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZaodKlBYM
========================================

[music] [music] [music] Good morning. to stand and have a word of prayer. Father, Lord, we come before you this morning. Lord, eager to be in your presence, Lord, we want want to invite you here, knowing, Lord, that we've gathered in your name. And when we would gather in your name and invite you, you being a gentleman, you would never miss an invitation. Father, that you would love to move, talk with your people, that here we are in the this Sunday morning, that your spirit could come down and dwell with your children, commune with us. Father, that you would be with us for these few minutes that we have here for this Sunday school. That Lord, you would have a preeminence in this as well as all things that we would do. that Lord, maybe you would inspire something that would be said, Father, it would encourage somebody, Father, that they'd be able to take these things and as they would face the the day that we live in, Lord, that they'd be able to combat it, they'd be able to to withstand the the devil and his program for their lives. that Lord we you would be have the preeminence in this service that into the song service and into the main service Lord that your spirit would have full preeminence in this place. We ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I want to read quickly um and I'll just read it for the sake of time so you all can sit down. Um this is uh Ephesians 6 and verse 12. It says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." Y'all can be seated. Um, I want to take sort of as a theme, spiritual warfare. Um, you know, the in in uh Romans 8, it says that we'd be made more than conquerors, right? And um for a title for this series, I I put um the road the title is the road to conquest. I don't know. Well, I say it's a series. I don't know. I might do some more on this. I I probably will. Um but um so I want to talk about spiritual warfare. And I want to note here it says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood." And I've said this um a few times um but I'll say it again. You know, when it says that we wrest not against flesh and blood, you know, but against principalities and against powers and against rulers of the darkness of this world, you know, we're, you know, we all recognize this. We're all educated people, you know, in the word and we recognize, okay, this is Paul speaking about spiritual warfare. And what we as humans tend to do instinctively and kind of without thinking about it, but we just sort of subconsciously do this is we go, "Ah, it's a metaphor for warfare. or it's a metaphorical war that we're involved in or it's an analogy that is sort of like war. No, that's not what Paul said. It is you are in an actual literal real deal war and it's not a metaphor. It's literally war. And in fact, you know, if we say the natural types of spiritual and if the natural world is a shadow of the spirit of the spiritual world, then in fact, the war that you're involved in is actually far more serious than any physical war that you could ever be involved in. Um, you know, as and as as extreme as that may be, you know, we look at something like the Second World War in which, you know, the use of nuclear weapons ended that war. What's more serious than the use of nuclear weapons? What's more horrifying than that? And yet that is a shadow. That's just a silhouette, right, of the actual real conflict in the spiritual world that's taking place. And it's actually the in the spiritual the spiritual the the total the ramifications of the spiritual world are far more horrifying if you really knew the full scope and scale of what's at stake here. is far more extreme, far more serious, and and should be far more um taken far more seriously than even a real physical conflict that you might be, you know, be able to see with your with your eyes. And so, you know, it would just it just sort of behooves us that, you know, to to kind of you know, um maybe if we thought about it in those terms, maybe if we took it a little bit more seriously and and thought about it in those terms, we would be a little bit less um uh lax in a lot of the ways that we we you know approach things. Um now I want to you know obviously because of spiritual war and you know um the the the the we've we've all been you know we've been in the message for you know a certain amount of time. If you've been in the message for any amount of time, I'm sure we've all been taught that really the the pathway, you know, that the n due to the nature of the battle that we're engaged in that the actual um true path to victory is through surrender and surrender to the word of God, right? That you surrender to the word and in doing so you that's the only real pathway to victory in this spiritual war. Um, now I want to read a passage from Romans 8 is 8 Romans 8 1-11. And I want to read this because it's it shows sort of encapsulating sort of a a a breakdown of what this the spiritual war that you're engaged in kind of looks like, right? What's really the dynamics here? So this is Romans 8 and verse one. It says there there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. But to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then, they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. And so we see here that there's this there's this this um dynamic of there's the flesh and the things of the flesh and the carnal, right? That's what carnal means, right? means things of the flesh and and the natural world that you live in versus things of the spirit. And the only way and so it's this constant battle of the of the flesh and and the natural world and and the world that you live in being running directly contrary to the word of God. And there's the that's where the battle is, right? We talked about the greatest battle ever fought being hap taking place in the minds of people, mind of man. And so what is that? It's your body, your flesh, the the the the sinful man that you were shackled to at birth trying to do one thing and then the spirit of God inside of you trying to do something else. Right? And there's where your conflict is. This is why, you know, people, especially new Christians or people who've never really got the new birth, think that if you just get the Holy Ghost that that's sort of the end of the of your of your struggles. And that is absolutely wrong. If anything, it doesn't start till you get the Holy Ghost. Really doesn't really start because most of the time, you know, if you're just a sinner, unconverted sinner, and you have the desires of things of the world, you go do something wrong. Well, there's no conflict there. You wanted to do it, you did it, and you don't feel bad about it, right? There's no there's no conflict there. But if you do something wrong and there's a spirit, there's a seed of God inside of you. that spirit is con is is bringing a a um conviction constantly bringing conviction. Well, now there's now there's a conflict because now there's the spirit being at war with with Satan, right? There's the the the flesh now has something to fight against, right? There's there's no battle if there's no if there's not two combatants, right? And so, if the spirit of God dwells in you now, you're going to have a constant battle with that flesh, right? It's not just going to be the flesh walking away with the victory every time. And you know, so really the the battle here is between the flesh and the Holy Spirit that would come down and indwell that flesh and anoint it. And it requires a certain amount of surrender to the word of God to allow that process to happen. You know, that's, you know, you, like we said in Romans chapter 8, what we just read, it's Paul showing the distinction of the unconverted man versus somebody with a new birth, right? That's the distinction. That's what Paul's talking about, right? If if the, you know, if the spirit of him that raised up Christ from the dead um dwell in you, well, what's the spirit dwelling in you? That's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's the Holy Spirit coming down and bringing a new birth. Um but if we at so then the question becomes well how do you get the Holy Ghost? Well we know that the process of of receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost starts with repentance. That's the start which repentance right I I I looked this up. Um, we all think we know what a lot of these words mean, but you actually read a a definition once in a while and you go, "Huh, I didn't think about it." Not not so much that you didn't think about it that way, but it really kind of brings into stark um, you know, real stark what it really means to you, you know, to repent. This is from Webster. It says, "The definition of the word repent is to turn from sin and dedicate oneself to the amendment of one's life." That's that it's and you know and that's the first definition and the second definition is to feel regret or contrition or to change one's mind. But I like that first definition to turn from sin and dedicate oneself to the amendment of one's life. And when you think about it in that those terms, a lot of people have this mentality that well the the baptism of the Holy Ghost is just me being sorry. Yeah, it is sort of it's going to require you feeling sorry. It's going to require some contrition. It's going to require a a recognition that what you've done is wrong and that the way you've been living is wrong. But it's also going to require that you now have dedicated your life to the amendment of it. You've dedicated yourself to the amendment of your life of to changing it. You're not just going to remain doing what you're doing. Surrender. That's and repentance is an act of surrender. saying going to the word of God and saying, "My life doesn't line up with this." And so now I'm changing what I'm doing. I'm surrendering. I'm no longer going to be combative against this, right? Because again, in Romans 8, it says that the the carnal mind is immity against God, right? Immnity is is to be um uh combative against it. It's to be um you know, contrary. It's to be at odds with, right? If you if you have the your your your carnal mind is literally at war with the word of God and it's going to do anything it can to to not be in submission to the word. But and so you know repentance is is the recognition that what you've done is wrong and that you're submitting yourself to the word of God. Now when we look at take the word surrender, right? And and again, we have and and oftentimes it's the word of or or the way that we describe these things. You know, we talk about, you know, well, it's not I that live, it's Christ that lives within me and it's it's the Lord is in my life and has changed my desires and and all of those things are true, but a lot of times I feel like people get this mentality, this idea that, well, if I just, you know, you know, in a service say, "Lord, I surrender. I I repent." And then the Lord's just gonna fix your life. And to some degree, the Lord will fix your life. But the Lord is going to do that, but it's going to require you to repent. It's going to require you that you've dedicated yourself to the amendment of it. You don't I mean, think about it like this. Maybe this will just illustrate what I'm trying to get at. Imagine you have, you know, two armies fighting each other and they're they're, you know, shooting at each other and artillery shells and missiles and bombs and the whole works. And then one general calls the other up up on the radio and says, "Hey, um, we surrender." And, you know, we surrender. We surrender. You know, you you can stop shooting at us. We surrender. And he's like, "All right, well, you know, why are you throw down your arms, stop the missiles?" And he's like, "No, no, I'm not going to I'm not going to change any of the way I'm living right now. I'm not going to stop doing any of the stuff that I'm doing. I'm just letting you know that we surrender." It's like, what? That's not a that that's meaningless. that that you you you're saying words but they're not attached to anything, right? You know, it's like, you know, he's he's like, you know, oh, we surrender. Yeah, fire another missile. Like, what? That's not you don't get to say, Lord, I surrender. But in your heart, you know, you're just going to go keep doing what you're doing. That's not a surrender. As a matter of fact, if you were if a if a military was to actually do that to to declare a surrender, but but not actually stop fighting, that's a war crime. It's called a false surrender. It was it's a known thing that happens. And I wonder how many people have committed war crimes against God where they they they come to church, they something convicts their heart and they say, "Oh, you know, Lord, I surrender." But there's no real intention to change anything that they're doing. There's no actual repentance. There's no dedication to the amendment of their life, you know. And so, you know, we look at um at I would say one of the ultimate examples of what surrender looks like is Christ in in Gethsemane saying, you know, here he well this is Luke from Luke 22:4 Luke 20 chapter 22:42 says saying, "Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, not my will, but thine be done. The fact that Christ draws a distinction between his own will and the will of the father directly tells us that within his flesh, he had a will that was contrary to the word of God. The word said he had to die, but his will was for that cup to be removed from him. Now, that is kind of a thing that might get people to throw rocks at you to say to say, "Yeah, Christ had a will that was contrary to word of God." It's like, wait, what? How can you even say that? But but here he is. He's saying, I don't want to die, but the word of God said he had to die, but he didn't want to. Well, if Christ, literally, God made flesh had a will that he had to sacrifice, what do you think you have, right? If Christ had no desire in his flesh that would be satisfied by something that was contrary to the word of word then how could he be tempted in any meaningful way right if this again this is from Websters to tempt to entice to do wrong by promise of pleasure or gain it's synonymous with lure seduce or entice if there was nothing if there was no desire in Christ that could be satisfied by something contrary to the word of Then Hebrews 4:15 becomes meaningless. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with a feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are yet without sin. So if Christ if there was nothing in Christ in his flesh that that could be tempted, then there's no temptation, right? If there's but but he had to be will he had obviously but there's you're not no one's going to say that Jesus didn't have the Holy Ghost. He was the Holy Ghost, right? So, do you think that if you have the Holy Ghost, you're not going to be tempted? There's nothing going to be in your flesh that wants to do something contrary to the word of God. That that doesn't check. Right. So, but it so the sin is not the temptation. The sin is is is caving, right? The sin is not bringing that temptation subject to the word and saying no even though there's a desire there will not be a a an action right you know the listen if if in the wilderness when Christ was tempted in the wilderness and and um the devil comes to him and says turn these stones into bread well he's not he didn't just pick bread willy-nilly Christ hadn't eaten for 40 days. There was something there that would have really been satisfied. That would have been really tempted. There's a hunger there that's going to be tempted to do that. Right? The you know there's there's when you're starving then you know the temptation to use the word of God to do something carnal becomes to to feed that hunger is going to be is going to be high. So, you know, this again this idea you're going to be shackled to this thing and you know it's not going to listen the the the the battle that you're in is not laying down and dying and being like well if I'm not supposed to do this then the Lord will just take the desire from me which there is a certain amount of that. I I mean, look, I'm I'm not there was a a point in which I was did not have the Holy Ghost and my all of my desires were for like weed, whiskey, and women, but I don't desire those things now because the Lord changed something in me, right? Those desires went away when I got the Holy Ghost. But that doesn't mean that if I'm, you know, have a come home from a hard day's work and my body hurts, like, you know, there's the there's that thing in the back of your head that goes, man, you know, a couple milligrams of THC will really fix this for you. But I don't do that. I there's no I don't really have a desire for it. But I in my flesh, it it wouldn't just Are we all following here? Right? You know, I'm I have the Holy Ghost. I don't I don't I don't have a lust problem. But that doesn't mean that if if a a woman were to, you know, present herself uh unholy be, you know, without holiness before me that I would I would have to turn my head. Why? I have to do something. I actually have to turn my head and look away because if I didn't, I would have a problem, right? The Holy The Holy Ghost doesn't mean that I I I lose my my my uh my desire. It just means that I do something about it. right? The you know this there's this at the end of the day well let me let me just read this. This is um this is uh from the res the resurrection of Jas's daughter in 1954. Um, this is him talking about how he Christ had gone to the pool and of all the and there was sick people all the way all around the pool and he's going there to heal one person and then leave, right? And there's people all around this pool. There's sick people everywhere. Everyone's got a need, but he's going to go heal one person and leave. He says, "But sometimes people don't know what love is." And you get love and sympathy mixed up. Love is obedience. God speaks. It's obedience regardless of what sympathy or anything else is. No wonder he said there in the garden of Gethsemane his sympathy to leave his friends and everything, but said, "Thy will be done." That's right. That's love. That's real love is obedience. There he passed by. Sure. His heart bled for that poor little mother standing there with the waterhead baby and the poor old blind father crippled up with arthritis. Right? And then you know I won't finish the the quote there for the sake of time but here he is. Here's Christ under the under the direction of almighty God to go to a pool where surrounded by sick people heal one person and leave. And in his flesh here's brother Brandham telling us that in his flesh Jesus wanted to heal every single person there. But the but the Lord told him to heal one person and leave. Now that's hard, right? Like so I'm just I'm just illustrating and again I I really want to nail this down. Listen, the battle that you're going to fight is not a battle where we just surrender to God as if is some sort of like I don't it become it turns the word surrender into a platitude of just sort of like well it's just something we say but there's no actual meaning attached to it. How does that work? When you when you do it, it means that your heart's going to ache for something and you know and you have to shut that down and you have to squash it and say, "I'm I can't the the Bible says something different." Right? And because at the end of the day, the truth, you know, I I find it so man, it's so potent that brother Brandham equated obedience to love. And and it's it's scriptural. Jesus said, "If you love me, you'll keep my commandments." Right? Um that's St. John 14:15. If you love me, keep my commandments. So, think about this for a second. If if love equals obedience, anywhere that you talk where it talks about the love of God or you loving God is directly tied to obedience to the word of God, right? You can't separate the two. Next time you read a passage that says, you know, talks about God loving you or or that, you know, those that would love God, just fill that word in. Put obedience in there and see how how it reads, right? Equate that to with obedience to the word of God. Because and you know, and it and it's many people have said this before. I'm not the only one. You know, true love does not sacrifice the truth on the altar of kindness or niceness. Right? It doesn't do that. And so many times we, you know, our, you know, our our our our natural heart wants to, you know, we we shy away from from from the truth because it's not nice. It doesn't make us feel good. But the reality is there has to be a surrender. There has to be the battle that you're facing is one in which it's whether or not you're going to say even though in my flesh I really don't want to do this. Even in my flesh I really want to do something but but you're going to bring that desire subject to the word. And it's not always going to be, you know, the Holy Ghost isn't just going to, you know, bonk you on the head with a magic wand and be like, well, you know, You have everything's right now. You You have no more struggles with anything ever. It's not how it works. It's never how it worked. Even Christ had to be was going to encounter places where he he he wanted to run away. Like in his flesh, he did not want to go to a cross. Nobody does. Right. in his and in our flesh. There's going to be times where the the the word is going to ask you to do something that you really really do not want to do. And you're gonna have to just well, if you're going to be a Christian, you you got to be Christlike. And you have to be willing to say, "Not my will, thine be done." And I'll I I'll finish with this because I'm out of time here, but I just want to um uh I'll I'll just read, you know, these two quickly these two scriptures. James 4:7, submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. True surrender, that's uh James 4:7. True surrender is setting aside the desires of the flesh and bringing your flesh into submission to the word of God. even if in your flesh you do not want to. Resisting the devil speaks of overcoming temptation. If there is no desire in your flesh that is even vulnerable to temptation, then then this verse becomes meaningless. Um now I want to read this is uh Romans also Romans 8 but this is towards the end of the chapter um starting at verse 35. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword? As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Verse 37. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Now I want to focus in on this scripture. Verse 37. Nay, in all these things we are uh more than conquerors through him that loved us. That word, that phrase more than conquerors is actually a single Greek word that we don't really have a direct translation for. So we have to use a phrase to translate it. Um the Greek word there is hyperikoman. Niko you might be familiar with the term nicicoatin meaning to conquer the leoty. So Nikoman means conqueror and hyper means hyper, right? Like we use the term hypersonic for like a like a cruise missile, right? Like a hypersonic missile doesn't just move faster than the speed of sound by a little bit. It's like 25 times faster than the speed of sound. So supersonic doesn't really cut it anymore. So we have to make a new word. Well, that's what this is. It is hyper. Maybe a a more colloquial or modern translation of the word more than conquer or that phrase more than conquerors would be to say we've been made hyperconquerors. Right? That's what that that's almost a direct literal translation is a hyperconqueror. Not that you're going to through Christ through Christ and the surrender to Christ in his word, you will not just overcome the flesh by a little bit, but you will have like 25 times conquered the flesh, right? Total absolute victory that when you it's not you're not going to come to like a negotiated peace with the devil, right? When you conquer the flesh and you conquer this day and age, you're not going to come to a negotiated peace where he's got a little and you got a little and we're going to come together and have a peace agreement and have some sort of daunt de demilitarized zone. No, we're talking total extermination of the enemy, hyper conquest. Anyways, we're out of time. Let's uh have a word of prayer. Father, we thank you for this for this morning that we have um that you've given us that Lord, we thank you for the promises in your word. Ask that you would be with us the remainder of the service. Be with us in the song service. Lord, let us let your spirit move. Let us open our hearts to you and give you praise. Be pleased to dwell with us. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen.
