################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - 250611- Jason DeMarsQuickened Into the Seventh Seal Pt.3 - Jason DeMars.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-11
Title:    250611- Jason DeMars:Quickened Into the Seventh Seal Pt.3
Speaker:  Jason DeMars
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prvhMHoI_yU
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason DeMars ministers the Wednesday Night service "Quickened Into the Seventh Seal Pt.3" on June 11th, 2025  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just so pleased to be in the house of the Lord. Lord, you're the conqueror of all. Father, Lord, we love you. We appreciate you now, Father. We ask you, Lord, to anoint the service this evening. Now, have your preeminence now, Lord. Lord, we come to worship you, Lord. We come to praise your name, Father. Lord, we ask, Lord, that your preeminence be done now, Father. Lord, Lord, anoint the service now, Lord. We We love you and we appreciate you now, Father. We ask you, Lord, to go before us now, Father, in all of our deeds and all of our doing. Now, Father and Lord, our going and our coming, Father. Lord, Lord, I ask you, Lord, to touch all the unspoken prayer requests this evening. Now, Father, have your will now, Father. Bless the ministry this evening now, Father. Lord, we love you. We give you the praise. Give you all the honor and glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] He's my Lord. [Music] There is no other one [Music] who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. [Music] He give rest to the weery. Bring new life to the hopeless. There no doubt about it. My Lord, he's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weery. Bringing new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He gives rest. He gives rest to the weary. Bring new life to the holy. No doubt about it. He is my Lord. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Applause] I am thinking of the rapture in that blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gred in, I will rise that heavenly in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gred in. Oh, when the redeemed are gred in wash like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gred in. Oh, when the redeemed are gred in, washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout, I will sing as I sing. When redeemed are gred in, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. When the redeemed are gred in, all the music all the singing over the city will be rolled. When the redee are ging. Oh, when the redee are ging. Oh, wash my soul and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when redeemed are ging saints the wall singing. When the redeemed are gred in, then the angels all will listen for they can join that song. When the redeemed are gred in everybody, oh when the redee are gred in. Oh, wash my soul and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Yes, I see when redeeming wash my soul and free from sin. [Music] I will shout. I will sing. When the redeemed are gred in, it's your season to be blessed. God made your promise. You stood the test. You going to open up windows forever. Blessing is your season to be blessed. I say, "Oh, it's your season to be blessed." God made your proise window for a blessing. Is your season to be blessed? Well, blessing city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed going out. I'm blessed to come in. He's going to open up windows. Pour out your blessings. It's your season. It's your season to be blessed. Everybody see. It's your season to be blessed. God made you promise. He's going to open a window of blessing. It's your season. It's your season to be blessed. One more time. Say it's your season to be blessed. God made you promise. [Music] You don't open the windows. Pour out a blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Listen out. I've been through the fire. I've been through the flood. But I'm standing here because of his blood. He's going to open up windows for a blessing. It's your season to be blessed. Everybody put your hands together. Well, it's your season to be blessed. [Applause] Oh, you stood the test. He's going to open up windows for the blessing. is your season to be blessed. One more time say is your season to be blessed. Well, he made your promise. You certain windows for blessing is your season to be blessed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit. I've been changed. I've been reborn now. Amen. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life have been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been changed. One more time. Say, I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way all my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. Though my sins were as scarlet as snow, I was bound. Today I'm free. I was lost in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Put your hands together for the Lord. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life have been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. [Applause] Amen. How many happy you've been changed this evening? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother Luther, may if you come and take the offering. Amen. Sister Deb, if you can be prepared to sing right after. Amen. [Music] Let's stand for a moment. I just want to remember those that are streaming and you know that I get a couple of um I guess she's going kudos or thankful for the streaming. Thankful for praying for those that are streaming. You know, if if I couldn't be here, I I would stream, but there ain't nothing like being here. Amen. I just I love coming to church. I love worshiping the Lord. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening. And Lord, many of us have many burdens upon our hearts this evening. And Lord, how we just want them to be revelated in your word in this end time. Father, I pray that you would comfort, Lord, the the burdened. Remember the request upon our heart as we gather the tithes and offerings. Father, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. I'm so looking forward to hearing the word this evening. I pray that you would just bless the gift that comes here. Move the man aside as much as he would want to be. Father, Lord, just have your way. As our brother prayed earlier, have the preeminence, Father. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated. You don't get a lot of practice. You just sing a song that's really familiar to everyone. So, if you could all join in with me, I'm sure everybody knows this song. We've been made more than coner [Music] overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] When trouble comes knocking at your door, oh, don't be afraid. It's not like before. Oh, don't you give in. Don't let it bring you down. Oh, you don't have to worry anymore. [Music] We've been made more than coners, overcomers in this land. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Hold on. We're getting stronger every day. There's no reason for you to go astray. Don't be leaning to your own understanding. Lean on him and we'll all save. [Applause] We've been made more than coner. overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Hold on. We're getting stronger every day. There's no reason for you to go astray. [Music] Don't be leaning to your own understanding. Lean on him and we'll all say [Music] we've been made more than coner overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious. us through the blood of Jesus Christ. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] [Applause] Would you stand with me? We're going to sing a little bit of Open the Eyes of my heart, Lord. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. [Music] See you. Open the eyes. Say, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Sing to see you. To see you. High lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. Sing. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Sing. I want to see you. I want to see you see open. [Music] I want to see you. I want to see you sing. Oh. [Applause] [Music] Oh, I want to see you. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Sing. Open the eyes. Please, Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see to see you hide. [Music] Oh, shining in the light of God. Oh, pour out as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see to see you high. Oh, I want to see. [Music] Let's sing it one more time in worship to the Lord. See you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. See, the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. See, open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Amen. As brother Jason comes, give me the key a D. Amen. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that say a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my faith, your ransom me and like the blood. His mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my ransom me. And like the blood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He live my shield and hope shall be as long as life endures. Everyone now my chains are gone. [Music] I've been set free. My God my me and like a blood his mercy reigns unending love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my resurreing [Music] [Music] love. Amazing grace. Amen. Thank you, Lord. It truly is amazing grace. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's uh always an honor and a priv privilege to be here. And uh uh even when you get called in the last minute to come come and preach, I I was telling my family I some somehow it feels like you get to cram all the stress of an entire day that you're usually preparing into just a few hours. So uh if I'm a little nervous, pray for me. But I'd be more nervous if I didn't have anything prepared and I just had to come that. So, we're just in the middle of a a series now and continuing on quickened into the seventh seal. This will be part three. And uh the uh the back monitor was blinking and going crazy. Still is off and on. So, not sure what's happening with that, but there's going to be a PowerPoint tonight. I I hope you have that and can pull that up. We want to go to the scripture to start into Romans chapter 8 and verse 28. If we're having technical difficulties, it's a great reason to bring a Bible with you to church. Amen. Romans 8:28 through30. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. Amen. To them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called. And whom he called them, he also justified. and whom he justified them, he also glorified. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we just come before you now, Lord, and we ask that your presence would be with us, Lord. Help help us to just step out of the way, Lord. That your Holy Spirit would come and take your word, Lord, and make it alive in our hearts, Lord. That we would we would become this word that's being pre preached. that we would truly take the book and eat that book, Lord, and then prophesy again. Take the words that have been revealed, Lord, and may they become the words that we speak out of out of these mortal lips, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We we know we're living in an hour where it's critical that we know who we are. Amen. Lord, once the the the true bride of Christ has the true revelation of the true church, what and what that means, we know that we'll do the greater works. Lord, we pray that you'd just reveal that to us, Lord, that the that the things of this life that we look at at as hindrances to knowing who we are, that we would really see that actually there are things that are coming across our way so that we would truly reveal who we are in Christ. We thank you for these things, Lord. We thank you for this time tonight. We pray you'd be glorified in our midst. we ask in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. All right. It's working. Praise the Lord. This is something that it's been on my mind off and on and I've been looking at this uh word in the scripture and uh seeing it brought me back to this statement that brother Bannon made in the second seal. He says, "People thinks that election is something that's just been something that's juched up here lately. My that's one of the oldest teachings that we have, election and calling." And so, Irenaeus certainly the real students of the scripture always believed in election. Amen. And I thought of that and you know I I I've never preached a message on calling and I've never I don't know that I've ever heard a message preached about calling. And of course I'm not going to be preaching tonight on calling, although that's part of it tonight. Someday I want to go in detail on it. But it really struck me as I looked this and began to run it back into the scriptures and see how many times the term the term called or calling is used in the New Testament and some someday go ahead and do that. Take a look and and do a search and find it. It's the word uh uh cletos and it means invited. uh that is appointed. All right. And so when we look at this word we're speaking we're speaking when when when we can think of another scripture is make your calling and election sure. Amen. So calling is distinct from election right and brother Bham makes that point. Election looks to looks back to our origin right. So, what does calling look to? Well, I think think about some of the other scriptures where where you you read, you see, we're called to be saints. We just read a scripture. It it almost even seems like Paul is using it as a title for believers. He says, "Who are the called according to his purpose, not just called, but you are the called." Amen. you received a calling. Now immediately what many people will bring bring to mind is uh from the scriptures that they say many are called but few are chosen. Absolutely. That's the truth. But that's looking at it from a from a different perspective than this. This means when this when Jesus says many are called but few are chosen means the gospel is preached to all. But we know that the ones that the the ones that respond to the true word that's being preached are the ones that are the chosen. They're chosen. So many res hear the calling to repent, but the only ones that will actually repent are the ones who have been chosen to repent. But as we look at it through the lens of especially through the New Testament, the the the the writings of of Paul and we look at this term the called and we see that this is more not connected necessarily to our origin but actually to what God does to us. Amen. It's even directly connected to that aspect of our salvation that he begins. He who began a good work in you will be faithful to complete it until the day of Jesus Christ. And so because we're the ones that are in invited, it turns into this fact that he says the invited. Why would he say the invited? Think about it. is because all the words of Jesus, no man can come to me unless the father draws him first. What is that drawing? That's the call. The call that he makes to his elect will not be thwarted. Will not be stopped, will not be blocked. He will call them and then he will look at them and say, "These are the called. These are the ones who are called to be saints. And so amazing because he says, "Make your calling and election sure." Well, if God did the calling and God did the electing, how am I going to make it sure? Well, we do it by working out our own salvation with fear and trembling. How do we work out our own salvation with fear and trembling? Well, because it's God working in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Right? And so if in other words, God's work in us is effectual. God's work is not weak. It's not limited. When God works in us, it's effect. It has an effect. Same thing with his calling upon us. It has an effect. When he calls, we will answer. Nothing will stop that. Nothing will block that. Yes, we have to make a choice on our human on our on our human end. We make choices. We make decisions. But we're we're understanding this in this hour on a a deeper level. We have to see this on a deeper level to understand God's purpose. If we're just going to preach a gospel that's about choice and our personal choice and our personal decisions, actually, we're not even really preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham says, "No man, no man ever seeks God. It's God seeking you." And again, this this calling is God's doing in our life. It's his quickening. It's his transforming power. We're born again not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible seed by the word of God that lives and abides forever. If we look at it again, we we read this towards the end of the message uh the Sunday before last. But by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. Even our faith is a gift from God. You didn't work yourself up to it. In fact, human faith, many people put human faith in the principles of the word of God. That's not acceptable. You say, "How do you say that?" Because human faith is fickle. Human faith will believe one thing one day and it'll believe another thing another day. But what is it? We are saved by the faith of the son of God. Amen. Right? It's not our own faith. So it's a faith that comes into us by a gift. And again, brother Brandham says in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says, "What is the new birth, brother Brandham?" It's the revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. And again, you cannot work yourself into a revelation. God gives it by his grace, by his sovereign purpose. He chooses the ones to whom he gives that revelation to. So if you have that revelation living in your heart that it's been quickened to you, you can lift your hands and say, "Amen. The one who started it will be the one who finishes it." This wasn't my choosing. This wasn't my purpose. This wasn't my plan. Mine was quite different. But God has come and he has taken over and he's doing something that's outside of my control. So it is by this revelation that comes to us per per personally that the quickening power enters into us. Amen. But remember again, brother Brandham says you can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every day of your life and still be lost. The real gift is that seed in there in the soul. That seed gene of God that's in the soul. It's there. It's laying there dormant, right? It needs to be quickened to life. If there's not a seed in there, what would be quickened? There's nothing to be quickened. There must be a seed that's quickened to come to life. Think about God's calling again. No man can come to me unless the father draws him first. I think about Zakius. No doubt when Jesus was passing by, there was many boys that climbed up in the tree. Many people climbed up in the tree to see Jesus coming by. But there was one that Jesus called. He said, "Zakius, make haste." And come down. Amen. And Zakius by that powerful voice could not resist. He came down and and Amen. And not only did he come down, but there was a fellowship to take place in his house. Amen. Jesus Jesus went to his house to speak to him, to deal with him, to work with him. But it came by the call, the call of God. All right. Going to look a little bit at who is this Melkisedc this evening. You remember how we read the scriptures? Not him that willth, or him that runth, but God. And that his predestination might stand true. He could choose before every any time. God is sovereign in his choosing. Did you know that God is sovereign? Who is back there to tell him a better way to make the world? Who would dare to tell him he was running his business wrong? Even the very word itself very sovereign. Even the revelation is sovereign. He reveals to whom he will reveal. The very revelation itself is sovereign in God. That's how people pound at things and jump at things and hit at things not knowing what they're doing, God is sovereign in his work. So you see, even the ones that God reveals the word to, he's chosen them. Amen. They are the ones that he's chosen. It's not just random people. It might look like that to the world. We might look like a bunch of random people, but we were chosen before the foundation of the world. And God had a purpose. And he said, "I'm going to reveal in this age, in this hour, in this time, I'm going to reveal my word to him, to her." Romans 9:11. If you haven't found out yet, Romans 9 is one of my favorite uh chapters in the entire Bible. For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. You see there, him that calleth. So who's the one that calls? God calls. Amen. Amen. And that's directly connected to what? His purpose of election. So the ones that God calls are the ones that he has chosen before they've done any good or bad. In fact, if we understand, brother Brandham says everything was all pre-planned by God before the foundation of the world. And then he goes on to say after that that you would be here tonight even to that level. And then he says also how many times a flea flea would bat his eyes. Again, he doesn't just know how many times a flea would bat his eyes. It was all pre-planned before the foundation of the world. How much that particular flea would bat its eyes. So you could see every detail that God is involved with. And it's before the reason why the flea bl bats his eyes is not because the the flea had chosen to bat his eyes. The flea bats his eyes because God before the foundation of the world has pre-planned it. It's his purpose. Romans 9:12, it was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger." So in other words, before they did anything good or evil, before they came to be, they the word was spoken to the mother, the elder shall serve the younger. As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated. That's his choosing. He chose one, chose to love one, he chose to hate the other. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? I mean, this is getting to the very heart of the matter. Paul is this is the very thing that you talk about predestination at your uh liberal arts Christian school and everyone will say that's not fair. That's not right. How can God hold people accountable if he's chosen? Paul, what's Paul's answer? Well, you see, if you look at Emanuel Kant and take it back to Thomas Aquin, no. What's the answer? God forbid. Or see, he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. It It's hitting the philosopher and the doubter and the skeptic right between the eyes. God has said. Why do I believe in pred predestination? Because God has said why do I believe in God's purpose of calling people? Because God has said it was it's not my idea. I would have a different idea. But God's idea, this is scripture. This is what the message of the hour teaches. So we stay with what the word says. He says, "I'll have compassion on whom I will have compassion." Again, mercy is not deserved. I've said this before, but it's it's important to repeat because people get it out get it out of order. It's not fair that God would have mercy on some and leave the others to their just desserts. I'll put it that way. That's right. Mercy isn't fair. Mercy isn't fair. In fact, he if he was fair, all of us would be condemned from start to finish and there would be no one saved. So God has mercy on the ones that he chooses to have mercy. Just like when you look at the Old Testament and he says, "You don't think that I've chosen you because you're greater than all the other nations around you. Why have I chosen you? He repeats again. I've chosen you because I placed my love on you. So I chose you because I chose to love you. That's where it it comes down to. That's his purpose. All right. Continuing from who is this Melkazedc? I missed a few verses. I'm going to black that out and just read them. missed one verse. So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. Of course, will is speaking of choice. It's speaking of decision. The power of decision. It's not according to your will. It's not according to your choice. Of course, yes, we choose. But the reason that you choose, right? Jesus said, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." Right? And so it's the the the reason you you could say yes is because he has chosen you. The reason that you love him is what? Because he first loved you. Amen. It's God that shows mercy. So God is not his choosing is not based on anything we've done. It's not our choice but rather his sovereign purpose when before the foundation of the world before we did anything. He counseledled with his own self. He chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world based based upon this council. It at that time he placed our names on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Then as we came to earth, he called us by his sovereign grace and plan, having already justified us in Christ on the cross. It's a finished work. And we received that finished work by faith. Wasn't when you came to the altar. You may have came to the altar. You may have just been in your car like me and said, "Lord, I'm done with this. I want to I want to live for you." And all the burden and the guilt was lifted from my shoulders. It it could have been many different places, but it wasn't because you prayed. It wasn't because you made the decision. You did you did that because he droed you. He called you. He chose you before the foundation of the world. That's not even when you were justified. In fact, if you really understand it, you were justified before the foundation of the world. When the lamb was slain, God even placed his love upon you before the foundation of the world. Brother Brandham so beautifully shows us and helps us to understand you didn't just begin here in your earthly journey now. But you your the life that's inside of you in your soul. That gene was in God before the foundation of the world. It was a part of his life. And so when Christ was chosen before the foundation of the world, you were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. When God set his love upon Christ, he equally set his love upon the elect, the bride that was in him before the foundation of the world. And so when you love something, you don't just love something that doesn't exist. You love something that exists. So God placed his love upon what? His predestinated seed that existed in Christ before the foundation of the world. It's a it's a package. When Christ was chosen, you were chosen. When Christ became the beloved, you became the beloved because you were in him. You were a part of him. That's why these words like redemption and reconciliation are so beautiful and so rich. You say, "Reconciled? I was born an enemy." Yeah, but you didn't start when you were born. You were in him before the foundation of the world. He already loved you. He already set his purpose upon you. When Adam fell, we all fell. And so, he has to bring us back to the original condition where we were in before the foundation of the world. When he loved us and we were holy and perfect and without fault before him. That's redemption. That's reconciliation. Who's is this Melkazedc continuing when Abraham met him he was Melkazedc he unfolds here what all the attributes will do in the final end every son of Abraham every son of the faith will absolutely do the same thing but I I want you to watch how we have to come also. We see him revealed here in Ruth and Boaz as kinsman redeemer. How he had had to come to be flesh. Now we see the attribute sons of his spirit have not yet entered into the word form body but a theophony. The body is subject to the word and earnest waiting for the earnest change of the body. Amen. That's some heavy food that's being spoken there. It's This is in This is incredible. Romans 8 19-23. For the earnest expectation of the creature or the creation waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who has subjected the same in hope, because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. Amen. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our bodies. And so there is a there is a pattern that every son of Abraham has to come through. And brother Brandham when he's introducing this thought he's he's telling us you and I have to come the same way Melkisedc came. If Melkazedc had to come, we are going to have to come the same way. Now we come a different way. But yet at the same time we come the same way. There's just something that's flipped around and it's showing you and I and brother Brandham immediately goes to the fact that we have a theophony. We're not going to get to the scripture right now. If if I can finish today, I doubt it. Uh 2 Corinthians 5:1, Brother Jason preached on it on Sunday. Uh I think our messages are lining up already without planning. [Laughter] The Lord wants to get something over to us. And so we have we have this process of coming into full manifestation. That's how I would like to express that God has to come into full manifestation. His sons also have to come into full manifestation. Every son of Abraham in even says the attribute sons of his spirit. That's where we are because we're coming we're we're born. We're off of his spirit. We're a part of that life. And so we come in a process. And so we're we become subject what he says subject to the word and earnest waiting for the earnest change of the body. So we haven't yet entered into that word form body right Jesus already went into that word form body right before before the foundation of the world the logos that went out of God the mazdc all the different ways that God met his children in bodily form before the birth of Christ all of those places that was what we call a theophony And you know, we use this term and we're familiar with it. We have songs about it. But the amazing thing when you really think about the word theophony, it means the appearing of God. And so when you it's in bodily form. So you and I also have a theophony. Wow. So you and I also are God appearing in bodily form. What strange doctrine is coming out of Bethl Tabernacle tonight? The scriptural truth because we're a part of his life. No, we are not we are not God himself. We are not the object of worship, but we are sons of that object of worship. And if the word son has any kind of meaning, we understand we're coming from that same life. And God is coming to this place where he wants to be manifested. That's the mistake in understanding the godhead. That's the mistake the early church made when they started to fall away from the original faith. They miss they missed the the the reality of the dynamic revealing of God as he's manifesting himself in time and creation. And they turned into philosophers and they had to understand, oh, what was God before the foundation of the world? And they started to reason out about father, son, and holy spirit and three persons. And they're all co-eternal. And of course, they loved each other before the foundation of the world. And they had a relationship for all of eternity. And the sun, oh, what about the sun? Doesn't sun mean it has beginning? Yeah. Yeah. But it's the eternal son. No scripture for it. It's all sadly a carnal reasoning and using uh the stipulations of Greek philosophy instead of understanding the reality that God is a spirit right and he has he has a life and he wants to express that life. I mean we get to this very per very singular thing is what does it mean that Adam and Eve were made in the image and likeness of God? What does it mean that God breathed into them the breath of life? What are these what are these basic things that as message believers we understand but yet the whole denominational world their mind is blank to it and if you talk about it they shut down and next they will shut you out say this guy's a Hindu or something he believes in some strange uh foreign doctrines it's all there right in the scriptures it's God unfolding himself towards his full manifestation, which if you understand it, our full manifestation is directly connected to his full manifestation. Because if we're made in the image and likeness of God and we're going through a three-fold process to get to full manifestation, isn't God doing the same thing? God is doing the same thing. We're doing the same thing. We have to come to that place. Now the different between him and you as a son. See he was at the beginning the word an ammorphab body. He came in and lived in that in the person of Melzdc. Then later we never heard no more of Melzdc because he became Jesus Christ. Melzdc was the priest but he became Jesus Christ. Now you bypassed that because in that form he knowed all things and you have never been able to know that yet. You come like Adam, like me. You became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. But when this life is finished here, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. That's 2 Corinthians 5:1. That's where we go. That is the word. Then we can look back and see what we've done. Now we don't understand it. We've never become the word. We've just become the flesh man, not the word. But and look clearly makes it clear. You'll never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. You'll never come into the theophony body. Or if you don't die, that theophony body becomes with one with this body and transforms into the glorified body. When that happens, you first know that you had to be a thought at the beginning. And it's great. It'll be it'll be great to know that when we have that new body, but the reality is you need to know that now to get to that new body, that revelation needs to be made known to you now. And he says that proves the predestination of God. See, you can't be the word unless you're a thought. You had to be in the thinking first because a word is a thought expressed. But you see, in order to stand temptation, you had to bypass the theophony. You had to come down here in flesh to be tempted by sin. And then if you stand, all the father hath given me will come to me, and I'll raise him up at the last day. See, you had to be first. Praise the Lord. Do you see that? We have to stand temptation. My goodness. What What if I What if I fail? All that the father has given me will come to me and I'll raise him up at the last days. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, just uh just a brief thought and and we've we've heard it said and we we understand there's a false way to look at the doctrine of election and and people brother Brandon will say they've taken grace and turned it into disgrace. And one of those places that we we look at in in the Old Testament and it is uh those who say look I'll have peace even though I walk after the imagination of my own heart. Right? So this is a person who believes that he's a part of the covenant. He believes and he assures himself, I'm I'm okay and I'm all right because I'm a part of the covenant. I will have peace even though I walk after the imagination of my own heart. So we understand that number one is when that revelation comes to you and brings forth the new birth, brother Brandham always connects that directly to it's manifested by the works that you do. Right? He he he never disconnects that. Take the word into your heart and that's Christ and watch it declare itself. Um you we all can think of different quotes that brother Brandham says and he always connects the revelation to that. Now we can get confused because he also says the evidence of the Holy Ghost isn't the fruit of the spirit because the old Pharisee, the old old priest could could go and say, "Hey, Jesus, what did he do? Did he visit you at your house? Did he help pay your debt? He took care of you? me, the old Pharisee, your old priest. What did he do? He tipped over the money changers. He whipped us with cords. Now, who's and brother Bram says, "Now, who's got the fruit of the spirit?" So, it's not the fruit of the spirit. Neither is it speaking in tongues that can be impersonated. But what is it? It's believing the word for your hour. Or rather, you know, again, you can outwardly believe that's not it. Is that what I'm talking about? It's the revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. And so in that revelation that that will produce a life now that'll be different. We're all different parts of the body of Christ. Different gifts, different purposes, different functions. And the leadership of the Holy Spirit sometimes leads you to say one thing to one person and another thing to another person. Look at the life of Jesus. It's it's God's own life is not an exact equation. God's own life is it's a relationship. It's it's his life in you being manifested. It might rebuke another and comfort comfort the other. And you say, "What in the world are you doing, Brother Brandham?" I mean they they could they could say that. Why won't you talk about uh birth control, brother Brandham? Because I had to talk I have to talk to him personally. Why do you have to talk to him personally? Well, cuz some of them lie to me. And so one and Billy Paul even said, "Dad, why did you give one answer to one person, another answer the other person?" Because the one was lying. And so that's how critical the leadership of the Holy Spirit is. And agape love is far different than our human affections for family or our or our human uh friendship. It's far different. And sometimes it will lead lead you to comfort someone and sometimes it will uh what is the saying back there, brother Jason, that a pastor needs to do is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable. That's the Holy Spirit. And it might not make sense to other people, but we need to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. That's why it can't it it can't be our outward manifestations saying this is it and that is it. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. And really, I can't tell whether you have that or not. I I think I might know, but it's to you personally. And then you see he come right down the regular line from attribute to before the foundation of the world his name is put on the lamb's book of life. Then from that he become the word the theophony that could appear disappear and then he become flesh and returned back again resurrected that same body in a glorified condition. But you bypass the theophony and become flesh man to be tempted by sin. And then if this earthly tabernacle is dissolved, we have one already waiting. We have not yet the bodies. But look, when this body receives the spirit of God, the immortal life inside of you, it throws this body in subjection to God. Amen. Hallelujah. He that's born of God doth not commit sin. He cannot sin. In Romans 8:1, there is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. They walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. There you are. See, that throws your whole throws your body subject. Amen. Amen. Romans 8:13. For if, here's an if. If you live after the flesh, you shall die. Right? That which is born of the flesh is flesh and will produce the works of the flesh. But if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. Interesting. I I would have put it the other way around. But here he says if if you put to death the works of the body you'll live. Oh missed a part through the spirit. So in other words first you have to have the Holy Spirit. First that's the that's the first condition that's there right and if you have the Holy Spirit what will the Holy Spirit do in you? kill the deeds of the body. Right? So that's what he's try that's that's a fruit of the work of God inside of you. In other words, what as just as brother Benham says, it throws your body subject to the word. You put the the works of the body to death so that then what can be manifested is not the works of the body but the works of the Holy Spirit through you. I love we always read this verse separated from the verse before that but it starts with for which means basically because because of this as many as are led by the spirit of God they are the sons of God. So we c we connect this together with this this scripture through the spirit mortify the deeds of the body you'll live for as many as are led by the spirit of God they are the sons of God. So it's the spirit of God leading us to what to put to death the works of the flesh. Amen. And it so it throws when that Holy Spirit quickens the seed gene of God in your soul, what happens? You begin to put the works of the flesh to death. And many are our at least my mind, I I don't want to impute that to you, but our minds put that black and white. But understand, it's a it's a process. It's progressive. what what was acceptable to me the day after the Lord delivered me uh would be uh mortified to to do today. The words that I spoke out of my mouth when I was frustrated I I don't say them anymore. Thank the Lord doesn't mean you're lost. It doesn't mean you're going to hell. It means God's working. If you have the spirit, if you're led by the spirit, you're putting it to death. You're going to put it to death. That's part of the life of Christ in you is killing this flesh and its nature. But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God has from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. What am I trying to get at? I made my point before that the man that assures himself, I'll have peace even though I walk according to the imagination of my own heart. He he assures himself, "I'm part of the covenant. I'm a part of God's covenant. I will have peace even though my life doesn't line up and I do and live however I want to do." That is not salvation. Salvation is through something. See there we see there is a there's a motion through. So salvation comes through something. What is it? What what is that that comes through? sanctification of the spirit and the belief of the truth. So if you have the holy spirit living in you, right? Uh that's what that's what being part of the new covenant is. That's what uh uh having the earnest of our ultimate salvation, right? Having a new body, having the immortal body, that's going to produce a holy life. That's going to produce a changed life. That's going to that's going to bring you into holiness. It's going to make you holy because be holy for I am holy, God says. And so that you're going to believe the truth, right? And you're going to be sanctified by believing that truth. Brother Brandham says, "You don't have to say, "Oh, if I could just quit drinking. If I could just just get in Christ and it's all gone." See? See? Because your body is subject to the spirit. It's no more subject to the things of the world. They're dead. They are dead. Your sins are buried in baptism and you're a new creation in Christ and your body becoming subject to the spirit. Try to live a right kind of life. Amen. Like you women claiming you got the Holy Ghost and going out here and wearing shorts and things. How could you do it? How could the spirit of God in you ever let you do such a thing as that? It just can't be so. Certainly can't be. He's not a filthy spirit. He's a holy spirit. Amen. Amen. 1 John 2:29. If you know that he is righteous, you know that everyone that doeth righteousness is born of him. Again, it looks like it's almost backwards. If you're doing righteousness, you're born of him, right? That's that's what we're trying to say. If you're born again, you will do righteousness. It will produce a life of righteousness. We can't we can't think somehow that well, I can live however I want to. I'm predestinated before the foundation of the world. As I said, I think in the first uh part one of this is one of the one of the greatest signs to see that you're not predestinated is that you say doesn't matter how I live. God God chose me. No, he did not. I don't believe that. Either that or you'll come to repentance. I'll I'll I'll hold out hope. Maybe there isn't any. But I'll hold out hope that you'll come to repentance and realize that uh if you're born of him, you'll do righteousness. We can't think that we live an unrighteous life uncaring. We don't even care about it. That's the thing is the people that are in that condition, they don't care. They're not concerned. They sin and they say, "God's God's full of forgiveness. He is full of forgiveness. But if that's our immediate feeling after we've sinned, we have a serious heart issue. There's a serious brokenness. Because the first thing is I've hurt my father. I've sinned against my father. If you think about it, in some ways, uh Saul was a better chap than David from humanly speaking. You know, David was a murderer, an adulterer. Saul uh he fulfilled most of the commands. You know, the great the great the great king went forward and he conquered the enemy, right? I mean, he had the king in in custody. He took he took all their animals, but that's what that wasn't the command. That wasn't what he was told to do. And when he was confronted about it by the prophet, what was his response? Oh, no. I I obeyed. I followed the word of the Lord. And Samuel says, "What's the sound of the bleeding of sheep and and the mooing of the cows? What's going on with that?" Oh, the people flew on the spoil. Well, since you've rejected the word of the Lord, the Lord has rejected you from being king. Oh, I've sinned. I've sinned. Only honor me in front of the people. That's not repentance. That was only outward in the flesh wanting to wanting to be seen by men to be righteous. Samuel, come with me. If you don't come with me and honor me here, people will wonder what's up. David is confronted. You're that man. I have sinned against the Lord. That's the heart of the predestinated seed is I have sinned against the Lord. You and you only have I sinned against Lord. Oh, he sinned against a lot of other people, but that was his main concern is that he broke fellowship, hurt the heart of his father. That was his main concern. Saul's concern was how do I look in front of the people? I don't I don't care about following. I didn't I followed it mostly. Isn't that good enough? And this is the attitude of those who are not right with God. I followed it mostly. I did the best I could. Did you? Were you confronted? I mean many and many times it's not a prophet coming to us in the flesh but many times it's a prophet on a tape or it's a preacher in a service and what's our attitude and we sweep it away we push it away no big deal nobody else knows about it so it doesn't really matter. No we've hurt our father and our first reaction should be Lord forgive me. That's that is there's no such thing as easy belieism or this sickly grace that allows you to be in this position that you don't care whether or not you sinner sin. Amen. That was from another sermon. All right. I you guys could see that and that one is driving me crazy so I'm not going to look. 1 John 2:29. All right. No. 1 John 3:2, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God, not in the future, now. And it doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is." Oh man, I better just keep reading. And every man that hath this hope in him in him purifith himself even as he is pure. Again we we see all this these stipulations in that sense I would put it that way. The the apostles are putting this is a stipulation so that you can understand this is the person that has the hope in himself. Who's the person that has the hope in himself? the one that purifies himself. Even as God himself is pure, just as God is pure, the man that has the hope of the appearing. Amen. It's beyond It's beyond merely hope for us today. It's revelation for us today. Amen. as as I think it's first Peter says the salvation that will be revealed at the appearing of Jesus Christ. Well, it's been revealed the opening of the seven seals. Who is this Melkisedc? Isn't it strange that in a sermon like who is this Melkisedc? We find out the mystery of our lives. Amen. All right. I'm going to I'm going to invite the uh musicians and we'll begin to close and and then when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. And that spirit is nothing in the world but and I remember listening to who is this Melkisedc? You can hear brother Brandham pat his Bible. And that spirit is in nothing in the world but this seed word made manifest or quickened. Hallelujah. Made alive. And when the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it. There is no question. And what is it? It's the earnest of the resurrection. The body will re be raised up again because it's already started. Hallelujah. the resurre not the resurrection that was in the past but the resurrection that you have now that's in your body right now the quickening power that's there that's a part of you it's already started it was it was once subject to sin and meer and corruption but now it's got the earnest man it's got the down payment it's turned heavenly now that's the earnest that you're going in the rapture it's the earnest What assurance that we have? What is the earnest that you're going in the rapture? That that spirit has come into you and that your bo this body, this corruptible body has turned heavenward, has turned heavenly. The nature that's inside of it has changed. There's something new there. It's producing a new life. It's purifying itself. It's being made holy. It's being sanctified. It it's producing a life that's putting to death the works of the flesh. The that's that when we realize in this body in this process, right? We talked about there's three processes. There's three parts of that. We were in his mind before the foundation of the world. We all actually already have a body that the Bible says is eternal in the heavens, a theophony. And even when the word comes forth and convicts our heart, we've heard from our theophony. So there's a there's a connection between this the soul the seed gene and that theophony there. And when the word comes forth and and we add word to on top of word, it's also building that theophony to make us ready to enter into it. It's incredible to think about. So you have that. So, so the sign that we actually have a body to enter into that's eternal in the heavens is that this one's already turned heavenward. It's got the spirit of God into it. It's quickened that seed gene and so then instead of being tied here, we're tied there. Amen. That's that's the next part to get to the other part to part two, the theophony. Then it's when the when those two become one, it be that theophony body and this body becomes one. Then what is it? It's the glorified body. Praise the Lord. The same process that God goes through is the same process that his sons go through. Hallelujah. Let's pray. Let's stand and pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for your word, Lord. We're so grateful for this revelation in this hour. We pray, Lord, that it would it would go far beyond teaching and and words in a book, Lord, but it that you'd take it and quicken it to our hearts, Lord. May it not be something that's a confusion, but may it be a reality, Lord. May we truly turn heavenward. May our lives, Lord, be be purified, Lord, even as you are pure. We thank you for these things, Lord. We're just grateful to be given eyes to see and and ears to hear the great things you've done in this day. Lord, we pray your Holy Spirit would just sweep through every heart. Those listening on the stream, the recording, Lord, those listening here, may your presence come near to them, Lord. Speak speak the revelation beyond the words of a man, but the the very voice of God into their hearts. the very revelation of the word that they are one they're they're one of yours that you're that they're a part of your life Lord and they're they'll come to full manifestation just as you will come to full manifestation Lord we thank you for that we give you praise Lord in Jesus name amen let's worship the Lord Blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name. Blessed be, [Music] blessed be, blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim. You are holy. You are holy, God. as we lift up your name and give gloryy. Gloryy to your name. Let's continue. Blessed be blessed be. Blessed be your name. Blessed be blessed be. [Music] Blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim you are holy. You are holy God. As we lift up your name and give gloryy. Glory to your name. Number of prayer requests tonight. Um the first one is is uh traveling Mercy's for uh myself and my family. We're going up to Edmonton to get some rest and relaxation. I mean that was my plan but been already asked to preach uh two times and then just as I was in the study to take some Sunday school class. So I guess some rest and some work. So, we praise the Lord. Keep us in prayer as we travel. Uh, Brother Jack uh writes in, "Please pray for us." Sister Kathy doesn't want to go back for any treatment because the financial system isn't willing to work with us on a reasonable payment plan. Kathy has stated that she will not return for treatment. So, we'll trust God Almighty to heal her or take her home. Our Lord is the same God who healed people instantly. Amen. There was a prophet I never got to meet who said he has seen God heal the worst kinds of cancer simply by taking them at his word. If they can't work with us on payments it's completely in the Lord's hands. And I know that sister Kathy and I are true believers. Love you all. Brother Jack, may God bless brother Jack. He's his faith is truly uh inspiration. Every one of us, sister Kathy's as well. It's just uh love that faith. Um from Sister Kathy, also please have church pray for pain in my legs and feet that keeps me awake at night that our Lord will take it away. Amen. And uh Brother Matt and Brother Jason, our pastor, and sister Zoe and sister Ma will be going to Poland June 12th to 17th. pray for traveling mercies for them and for the services there. Amen. How many will pray for them? [Music] Let's remember them every day. Sister Melissa writes, "I have some unspoken prayer requests for tonight. Thank you, brother Gideon Watkins. Please pray for Anna tonight. She has a bad stomach flu." And uh the prayer request for Brother David and Sister Laura Gadman. Brother David has severe colitis in his entire colon. Surgeons said that the inside of his colon looks like hamburger meat. My They're very concerned about it. He must have eaten something bad that has completely messed up his colon. Surgery is postponed for at least a month because the colon has to heal before the surgeons can do anything to it. And Sister Laura Gadman is also battling a viral lung infection and pneumonia. Amen. They need a touch from the Lord. Also uh testimony from sister Meredith update on her brother Michael. Mom was able to talk to him today and they moved him from ICU to a step down unit today. He's doing well. Thank the Lord. Thank you all for praying for him and please continue to do so as he recovers. Let's let's lift our hearts to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we just ask for traveling mercies for us, Lord. We we ask that you just go before us. We pray for brother Jason, brother brother Matt, Zoe and Mina, Lord. I pray that you would be with them Lord and just the the the travel overseas travel can have all kinds of adventures. But I pray Lord there would be everything would go smoothly. There'd be no issues. Everything would run on time, no problems there. And that Lord the medians would be blessed. Lord, I know the saints will certainly be blessed by those two ministries there. Lord, just use them mightily. Lord, may your Holy Spirit flow through them, Lord, to the hearts of the people. Father, we pray for Sister Melissa's unspoken requests, Lord, move in a mighty way, Lord, upon those requests. Pray for Sister Anna as well, Lord, the stomach flu that she's facing, Lord. We ask that you touch and heal and deliver her from that, Lord, swiftly. Pray for the ga the Gadman's Lord. Brother David with the problem with his colon, Lord. And my goodness, what a what a trial, Lord. But what a God you are. What a healer you are, Lord. We pray that you would touch him, Lord, and deliver him, Lord. Make that colon brand new, Father. That no surgery even would be necessary, Father. We pray for a touch for Sister Laura. Lord, bring healing and deliverance. Drive that sickness from her body that she'd be completely well, Lord. And Father, we want to lift up also Sister Kathy. Lord, we want to join our faith, Lord, with them. We ask that you'd move, Lord, upon this need, Lord. We rebuke this spirit of cancer in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord. and we by the word of God command healing to her body. May her body be strengthened and and healed and delivered. Lord, we also pray for the pain she's facing that's keeping her up at night in her legs and her feet. Lord, please touch that problem. Lord, may she have a a peaceful night of sleep tonight, Lord. Move in that situation, Lord. move the devil out of the way, Lord, that you would have your way and have your purpose, Father. Lord, we pray for just continued healing for Maris, brother Michael. Lord, thank you for for touching him, Lord. And I pray that you'd continue to do so as he recovers, Lord. Any also those who have unspoken requests, Lord, that maybe didn't even say anything about their unspoken request. I pray that you'd move upon those things, Lord. Bring healing, bring deliverance, Lord. Bring provision, Lord. Move the devil out of the way. We ask these things, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's let's worship the Lord. [Music] Blessed be [Music] blessed be [Applause] blessed be your name. Blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim. You are holy. You are holy, God. as we lift up your name and give gloryy. Gloryy to your name. [Music] Amen. Do we have any testimonies tonight? [Music] Wish Brother Brad was here and I could just hand this to him. The red one. [Music] It's on. Okay. I I made a request for prayer on my car before prayed about it. And I got praying about it, too. Got thinking about something simple. I was getting ready to take my car down, go have it fixed. Well, analyzing is not cheap anymore. No more $65 85 to $125 $165 they charge for analyzing. Well, I got prayer and said, "Lord, just let it be something simple. Find out what this is." It came out suddenly. It came up. It's got to be something simple. I went through did what I know from my mechanical abilities, my troubleshooting, what have you, and I really didn't find it. And then I I guess GPS is on my dash. So, I moved it over and it felt where this went. Ah, that stupid sunroof. I hate these sunroofs. I had it taped off. I got a hold of it. Water come down there. Little tube that I replaced. The elbow that I made slipped out. Water came down. This thing called the ECM, electronic control module. These are anywhere from $1,100 to $1,800 for those. Then the price of installing it. So, we're looking at 2,000 $2 and a half thousand dollars to replace these things. So, I found it. I got going down the road. My wife was on and on and on. I said, "God, what is it? What is it?" I stopped and I parked, let the car set, come back out later. Everything's fine. Everything's dried out. Praise the Lord. So, I said, "Lord, thank you for simple things." Amen. And thank you for the leadership. Amen. [Applause] Last Sunday I got prayed for for my back and the first time in months I was able to simply bend over and put my shoes on without any pain. So thank you Lord for that. Amen. Any others? I just wanted to thank the Lord. Um, I was driving to the office today and um was clear. I was making a left um over by Lowe's and this little car was trying to shoot the the green light and the truck in front of me where I was making a left didn't clear the intersection as fast as it could have and it kind of slowed me down and the kind of that no man's land and I don't think I've ever come that close to actually being hit. I don't All I know is I looked up and I actually screamed. And I was on the speaker phone with Deb and I shrieked and all I could see was the grill of the car and I I couldn't go cuz it was a truck ahead of me. I just, you know, went as fast I could. I don't know how we turned. I I feel like they kind of went through the back of my car. I don't really know how to explain it, but I'm very grateful to be here. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Where's your mic? So, uh, tonight on our way to church, we had not that far down the road and all of a sudden everybody's slamming on their brakes. And I don't know what's going on, but we were moving pretty fast. Next thing I see, the front of a car laying on the guard rail upside down. And so, I don't know what happened, but it just happened. Everybody slams on their brakes and this car is upside down on the guardrail. But thankfully, we were nobody was harmed. Hopefully, that guy was okay. We said a little prayer for him, but he uh the wheel was missing off the car, so I don't know if he lost the wheel and the thing just started rolling or what happened, but yeah, it was it was pretty crazy. And everybody just stopped. I mean, there was like probably 15 cars pulled over on the side. Everybody's running across the highway trying to rush over to this guy and we just kind of moved our way on out on on the church. So, thank the Lord for keeping us safe, though. Yeah. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I give you Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. God bless these saints who dismissed. Greet one another. This is my Jesus. [Music] You [Music] Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. [Music] All that I adore [Music] is in you. [Music]
