################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 250330- Jason WatkinsModern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-30
Title:    250330- Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhpfEu0Ex-U
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear" on  March 30th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
doing. I'm happy to be back. I've been back and forth, moving around quite a bit. Um but I was we went on a a guys trip um out to Dallas and I was I was telling um some of the brothers I was like you know when I get back I remember when we first started when I first started doing song service and I come out and everybody already on their feet anticip anticipating the service and I would love to get back to that to where we just playing and singing and when I come out I'm joining y'all. Um, so let let's try to do that a little bit more often where we up ready. We've already got in the spirit of worship and praise and we just join in there together. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. How many feel like worshiping a little bit? Amen. Let's sing a little bit of There's none like you. Amen. There is none like you. [Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. There is none like you. No one like you, Lord. [Music] heart like you do. [Music] I could search for all eternal long and find there is none like you. Sing there is none like you Lord. There is none like you. No one like you, Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternal belong and find there is none like you. you. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Sing. There is there is none like you. No one like you, Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternal long and find there is none like you. Say, "Your mercy flows like a river wide, and healing comes from your hand. Suffering children are safe in your arms. There is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. No one like you, Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I can search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you, brother Luther. If you come, there is none. There is none like you. No one like you, Lord. [Applause] my heart like you do. Oh, I can search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you. One more time. There is none like you, Lord. [Music] [Applause] A heart like you. A heart like you. [Music] I can search for all eternity. Lord [Applause] is none like you. Amen. I'm so glad he found me. I was searching, not in the right places till one day he touched my heart. Amen. Made a new creature out of me. Many years don't know what what I was, but by the grace of God, I am what I am. Amen. A child of God. Love the Lord this morning. thankful for his grace and mercy each and every day. We have a special request for Sister Deborah Lowry. She's going to surgery tomorrow morning and we're going to pray for her now, but we want you to just keep her in mind. Keep the doctors in mind throughout the day tomorrow that everything works out just perfect. Amen. And sometimes I'm going to I have sisters that had hip surgery and it was so painful before they had the surgery and then after the surgery they were they were just wondering why they waited so long because it's and we just want to pray the same thing for our sister Deborah that it would be just perfect. Let's pray. Father, we love you Lord. Father, you said to ask in your name, Lord, and you would do it. You told us, Father, that by your stripes, we're healed, Lord, that comfort and peace would come through your spirit to comfort us in this day and time and throughout our life. So, we're just calling on you, Father, that you would guide the doctor's hand. That you would comfort Sister Deborah and Mark, Father, in the surgery, Lord. just believe him that you're going to have your way as you'll be 100% Lord cuz we're asking Father in Jesus Christ's name for this as we collect the tithes and offerings we pray that you would bless the cheerful giver Lord remember those streaming Father remember your children around the world Father and Lord the gift that's going to come break the bread of life may it have free reign may you have free permanence and Lord touch our hearts Let's open our hearts to you this morning. Speak to us. Guide us. Encourage us. Strengthen us, Father, for the day at hand. I love you, Lord. I thank you for all that you've done for me, all that you're going to do, and all that you're doing right now. May I never rest on any kind of laurels in my own life, Father, for there are none. All glory and honor goes to you. I'm so thankful, Father, for the revelation that you brought me out of this life, Lord, and guiding me towards a new life, a new heaven, and a new earth. Come and be with us this morning. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Give me a key. [Music] God is good. All the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. God is good all the time. Sing God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Sing if you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around. Well, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. because he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good. God is good all the time. Put a song in this heart of mine. God is good. God is good all the time. Through the darkest nights, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We are sinners so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy. They will never end. God is good all the time. Song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. One more time say God is good all the time. Put us all of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want you to turn and greet your brothers and your sister. Amen. For a few minutes this morning. God bless you. Amen. Give me the key. [Music] This is my desire to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, [Music] Lord. I gave you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. [Music] [Applause] This is my desire. Won't you sing it to him this morning? to honor you. [Music] My heart I worship you. Worship you. All I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore [Music] is in you. Sing, Lord, I give you. [Music] Give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Lord, I give you, oh, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Every moment I'm awake. [Music] Lord, have your way. Lord, I give you all my heart. I gave you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your one more time in worship. Lord, I give you my heart. Give you my soul. M I live for you. Every breath, every moment I'm awake. Have your way in me. [Music] Holiness, holiness is what I long for. [Music] Holiness, holiness is what I need. Holiness. Holiness is what you want from me. [Music] Take my heart and form it. Take my mind, transform it. Take my will, conform it to yours, to yours, oh Lord. Holiness, holiness is what I long for. Holiness is what I need. [Music] Holiness, holiness is what you want from me. [Music] So take my heart and form it. Take my mind, transform it. Take my will. Come for it to yours to yours, oh Lord. [Music] Faithfulness. Faithfulness is what I long for. Faithfulness is what I need. Faithfulness, faithfulness is what you want from me. [Music] So take my heart and for it. Take my mind, transform it. Take my will, conform it to yours, to yours, oh Lord. So take my heart and form it. Take my mind, transform it, and take my will, [Music] conform it to yours, to yours, oh Lord. Take my heart. Take my heart and for it. Take my mind, transform it and take my will. Conform me to yours. to your oh Lord one more time I say take my heart and form it take my mind transform it take my will confform to yours. To yours, oh Lord. To yours. To yours, oh Lord. To yours. To yours. To yours, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Music] Brother Steve, Amen. You give us a song. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Let's give Brother Steve a hand. [Applause] And right at right after Brother Steve, we gonna get Sister Deborah, Sister Josie to give us a song also. Amen. Amen. [Music] As I look back, Back down the pathway up the mountain. I have trod weary worn and feet a little sore. Thought by now I'd be much further up the road than where I am. I've cast aside some weight, but must do so much more. There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. Besetting wait with haste I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay. I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. [Music] Oft gaze across the valley of decision where I was and thank the Lord he led me from that place. The heights I've gained are greater than were all my yesterdays. But I must press on to see my savior's face. There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. be setting weight with haste. I will swiftly cast aside. [Music] No time to stay. Oh, I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. [Music] When I reach those gates of glory, only then will I take rest. But the first thing I will do when I get home. I'll crawl up to my Jesus and I'll weep down at his feet. My source of joy, the savior of my soul. [Music] There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. be setting weight with haste. I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay or I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. Oh, there's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. Be setting weight with haste. I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay. Oh, I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. No time to stay. Oh, I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hide me now [Music] under your wings. Cover me within your mighty hand. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. [Music] I will be still and know you are God. Find rest, my soul, [Music] in Christ alone. know his power in quietness and trust. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. Find rest my soul in Christ alone. Know his power in quietness and trust. [Music] When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. And when the oceans rise and thunderers roar, [Music] I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. [Music] I will be still and know you are God. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. [Music] Amen. Let us stand. Amen. Mia C. I love you, Lord, [Music] and your mercy never fails me. All my days you've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You were close like no other. I known you as a father. I known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. say and all my life you have been faithful. All my life [Music] you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God as brother Jason come. All my life and all my life you have been faith. [Music] All my life. So good. With every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. Say, "All my life and all my life you have been faith. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Sing all my life and all my life you have been faithful. Sing all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. Oh God, say your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after, running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. running after me. Your goodness. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. [Applause] [Music] So glad for that. Amen. We're gonna invite you to Genesis chapter 3 this morning. Amen. Genesis chapter 3. I'm just going to um read um one or two verses here and um or maybe we'll we'll catch u we're going to start at verse 22. Genesis 3:22 and we'll read through 24. We'll let you be seated and then I'll carry on reading. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm looking forward to this series. I've been working on it for a while. We're going to start off with it today. And um I want to title it modern events again made clear in prophecy. Amen. So we're going to um look at how we got to here. We're going to identify here. Uh and that entails the not only the where but the what and the why and what it all means, what it entails and and how it should inform our thinking as we live in these closing scenes. How many believe we are in closing scenes? Amen. We are not at the end time. We are at the end of the end time. Amen. Genesis 3 verse 22. And the Lord God said, "Behold, the man is become as one of us to know good and evil. And now, lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life, and eat and live forever." Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden cherubams and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life. Now keep your Bibles open. We're going to carry on into chapter four. But let's pray. Lord, we thank you for this time of divine privilege that you've given us to gather around the the feast of the word, Lord. And we have it on our heart, Father, as you have led me, and I felt definitely led to go in this direction. And Lord, we want to take some time and and and see our position in the word. And where are we in the word right now? We need to see you, Jesus. We must. That was exactly what you said. Every time a seal was open, come and see. And why wouldn't you say that? Because how can we how can we know you if we can't see you? How can we follow you? We must see your movements. We must detect. We must have our senses sharpened by the Holy Spirit in the word of God. This is a desperate time. It's a very perilous time, a desperate hour. And Lord, this is no time to uh be friends with the world. Lord, we must uh show our badge of identification that we are believers of the word of God. Many Lord are called, few are chosen. Many who you have called and chosen today, drifting around too close to the world, too close, Father, not sitting uh by the heat of the fire of the living God. Lord, the word that's a feast, seven course menu, I pray for them, Lord. I pray that you do something in their life, something in their in their in their in their heart that will quicken them to to realize, Lord, that they must be very near. Lord, the children of Israel were told, "You must stay very close because you have not went this way before." Though whenever the trumpet would sound, Lord, those they couldn't be somewhere way off wandering around in the desert away from the sound of the trumpet that the camp would leave and they would be left behind. And Lord, we must stay close to you. I pray that the distance that Satan has created in some of your children's hearts, that you will smash it by the Holy Spirit by whatever means necessary. Grant it, Lord, from the pull pit to the back door, across the stream, out through the way, Lord, anyone, Father, who is of your family, we commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Modern events again made clear in prophecy. Before I carry on in Revelation 4, I want to make a few qualifying statements that that they're going to be important to you to remember. And I mean to say keep them in the front of your mind. Don't put them somewhere in the back and forget or you are there's a lot that will be said and shown over these next number of services that will uh you won't be able to put all the pieces together even if you understand the pieces putting them together is all together different thing and I I just would like to say today that um this is a culmination of many years of study uh of God's word uh all the way back to just a young teenager, the Lord quickened my heart with a desire to study his word. And and I can say that that I am here today the beneficiary of sitting at the feet of some of the greatest teachers the message has ever had. Some of those fathers in the gospel to us have already gone on who lived in the days of the prophet and who who took it and carried it on after he went home. And so I've I've been privileged to sit at the feet of some great men and drink in knowledge and wisdom over the years. And uh and then of course we must realize that everything that that we teach and have been taught must dovetail with the message of the hour brought to us by Elijah without which we would have very little to say without which we would likely be 40,000 and one 40,0001st denominational organization and I don't want to be 40,000 and one I want to be the first original. Amen. So uh we are leaning heavy into things that brother Brandham taught us. We don't intend to teach anything that we can't either demonstrate by his direct teaching or his indirect teaching with a with with and when you say that you you got to realize that we're not we're not parrots. We don't just repeat what a prophet said. We're eagles. We teach what he taught. Now, it's quite it's quite possible and I've seen this done and I intend to avoid it uh in this series by the help of the Lord. I remain open to questions if anything is said that you don't quite understand, something you would like me to circle back to. I certainly welcome my ministry team uh to to ask any question uh openly or privately, not never. We love questions. Amen. I love teaching the word of God. I've taught it around the world. And so I uh you know I've seen it where where you can you can say a lot of things that brother Brandham said but at the end of the day you're not teaching what he taught. So there's a nuance there that has to be observed. You can daisy chain some quotes together just like I can daisy chain scriptures together and preach Baptist doctrine. And Baptist doctrine is is solid in many points. and and don't think they don't have counterarguments to your arguments and that's what you know apologetics is about and there are many great apologists but you know and I and I admire many of them you know today you can see many of their reels on YouTube and there seems to be no endless almost an endless stream of apologists getting on and and uh interpreting a Bible and I as much as I admire many of them I just say you know I wish and this is a word uh it's not exactly right uh in the in by by the definition. They're apologists. Uh and I just say to them, I wish you would start out I don't mind you being an apologist. I just wish you would start out with an apology for not believing all the word. And if you would start out at with an apology for not believing all the word, I could accept you as a proper apologist. Amen. So we're not looking for apologist. We're not looking for moralist. were not looking. Brother Brandham, you know, said those things have their place. They serve a purpose. And as brother Brandham said, many people misunderstand brother Brandham thinking he was against education. He said repeatedly, "I am not against education. I'm only warning people that the further you go in education, the further that's going to attempt to take you from the word of God." So you there's nothing wrong with learning and higher learning and advanced learning. I love learning. I'm I I I I am I'm I I you know I have many side hobbies of things that I study. Uh you know I I study science. I have a particular bent toward physics and the quantum world. I study history particularly ancient history and I correlate it uh through today. I'm a student of all of those disciplines. But but I but my but my whole aim is to study them as they relate to prophecy and the principles of God's word. Amen. So, I have preached on quantum mechanics. I have preached on entanglement and and these kinds of theories and chaos and relativity, but but I'm always preaching them because they started here. That's right. And God only allowed science to have a little bit of a window to see in. But here's the whole package. This is all the mystery. And and and this is this is encrypted. And there there's certain parts of it that anybody uh a child can read, you know, Acts 2:38, a child can understand. Brother Brandham said even a a child of 12 years old could understand the teaching of the original sin uh through the serpent's seed. Uh and and he would say baptism doesn't even require revelation. Men can read how to treat their wives and wives can read how to reverence their husbands and families can read how to raise children. And there's a lot of things and a lot of words of wisdom that are in the Bible that are that are not uh they're not encrypted and any anybody can read. Otherwise, God would never be able to judge them for failing to keep it. But but when it comes to the mystery of redemption, that's completely encrypted. There's no access. The only person that can understand that is he to whom the son will reveal it. See, and you say, "Well, okay, so there's only one thing, but it's the most critical thing." If you get that, you you get the, you know, Ruth was never sat here. I go preaching. Ruth was never satisfied with just getting the little handfuls of purpose left by the servants. She wanted Boaz cuz if she got to marry Boaz, she got the the whole field. She got everything. Amen. She wanted to be fed by him personally when he invited her into his tent for the meal. The Bible shows us how that he was seated there and his servants were with him and the grain was there. But the Bible says that he reached handfuls of of food and he didn't hand it to his servants pass this down. He reached right past them and handed it to her himself. Amen. Oh, when you're when you live in that tent, friends, when you when you when you go behind the veil, oh, brother Brandham said, you got a need. He said the golden pot of man is in there. You need s, you're sick, you need healing. Reach in that golden pot. Don't ask somebody to do it for you. Reach in it yourself and take something that'll bring healing. You need deliverance, there's deliverance in the word. So the word of God has many parts sufficient to judge the world by for humanity that doesn't keep them. But when it comes to the mystery of redemption, and I didn't call it that, Paul calls it that. Uh that requires insight from the Holy Spirit. Yes. Amen. And then to properly teach that to to people, you cannot have an apologist uh who just compares verse with verse. Brother Brandham said, "It'll take a special prophetic vessel, one that can receive direct inspiration, thus sayeth the Lord." It can't. The book of Revelation can't be known by a verse by verse study. It's helpful. I've done I spent three years more than a thousand days on online with uh with people around the world taking the entire book of Revelation verse by verse and we're trying to convert that into a study guide. It's an arduous task much larger and harder than I thought it would be but we're but we're working on it. And so so we but the point to be made is that it takes inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Amen. And let me just say this, and I I have to say this without apology because the Bible declares it and doesn't apologize for it. And while I'm not quoting a direct verse, I'm giving you a a something that the Bible teaches very clearly. It's one of those things where I'm not a parrot. I'm an eagle. Amen. And I'm going to teach you this that the Bible, a principle, a large looming principle in the body of the of of works that are the 66 books of the Bible is that inspiration for the new birth. Inspiration like that only comes to the inspiraable. Amen. Amen. Amen. Again, that's that's next level salvation. That's not just salvation from destruction. Many will be saved from destruction. The heavens will be filled with millions of people who are who are who are in heaven who are granted eternal life and who live in that glorious land along with us. But there is also a royal family who are known of God before the foundation of the world. Not just from Amen. Because the scripture in many cases speak about the remnant of the woman's seed in the book of revelation and they are whose names were written in the lamb's book of life because everyone who's not written in that book will be deceived by the antichrist spirit. So you say so you have to conclude that well then the foolish virgin are not fooled by it. They don't take the mark of the beast and they give their lives then then they must be in the lamb's book of life. They are, but their names were put there from the foundation of the world. Only Christ and his bride, there's only three places, and they refer to either Christ or his bride are part of the of the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Amen. That's clear in the Bible. So, I know I'm taking a lot to lay a foundation, and I'm going to go slow. I'm going to take my time. I'm not going to weary you because especially with teaching, it's a lot to I don't want to oversponge you. So, so you don't have to worry about long sermons for the next little while. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I I I just want to make these opening statements and I probably every time I get up here, I'll have to make some opening statements. Here's something I would like to say. And again before we get on with chapter 4 that that prophecy when it's studied uh it can't be thought of as like for instance reading a newspaper or reading a book because you'd start from the front and go to the back. You'd you you'd start at the beginning and go to the end. And then when you're reading a newspaper, it's true that you skip through but you're you're only looking for information. That's all the paper's giving you is information. That's all it's supposed to be giving you. And so, and so we we find that when it comes to the to the biblical book of Revelation, first of all, you can't study it or make sense of it if you read it like a book chronologically. It's not laid out that way. There'll be events in in a later chapter that happened prior to a previous chapter. And there'll be a previous chapter to a later chapter that'll leaprog and repeat two or three times. You'll say, "Well, I thought it was here." It was. Well, you're saying it's here. Yeah. And here, correct? Yes. See, so so this is why, you know, that that man would make a comment to brother Brandham, which Brother Brandham, you know, upgraded him for, saying, "John must have ate a hot chili pepper before going to bed that night." And brother Brandham said he was a fine man, a Christian man. And he said, but he said, and he said, and I could have got fired. He was my boss. And I just said, "Aren't you ashamed to say something like that? You don't believe that the Holy Spirit was the the the book of Revelation says the Holy Spirit wrote it. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. See, which God gave to him and he brought to his servant." See, to give to the people. So, you know, it might look topsyturvy to you, to the world, but Jesus isn't topsyturvy. Amen. He's a god of precision and order. See? Amen. All right. So, so, so, so, and then the second thing is prophecy is not just information. Amen. A lot of people study prophecy because they just want information. They'd like to increase their theological understanding of prophe of prophetic events. And it's it's it's it's it's uh you know, they almost have a like, oh, this is really good, man. They they just get like an appetite for it. And you know, and uh and it's not really like that. It's not just information. When you're understanding prophecy, you're understanding it to see where you are in it. Cuz I promise you are in it. See, even the parts written back in the Old Testament say, "I wasn't even there." Well, neither was Jesus of Nazareth there in a human body, but it was him, and I was in him. See, Brother Brandon would say that if you can't read Jesus Christ in every verse of the Bible, go back and read it again. You missed it. Amen. All right. That takes some qualifying because because I can read places in the Bible that are heinous events, terrible, sinful, uh uh you know, I I can read about near, you know, cultural genocide and filthy adulteries and and and incestuous and and perversions. And I say, "How uh Jesus w didn't do any of those things." See, Jesus lived perfectly. He never committed any of those sins. But you and I did and have and he took my sins upon him and gave me his sinless life. So yes, I read him in every verse of the Bible. Amen. Even if I'm only reading what he delivered me from, that's him. So, you need to see yourself so that you can know with clarity what is God's expectation of you. Now, we've been proving to you he has an expectation. We've been proving to you in our previous little miniseries almost I three parts three four five whatever parts probably a small one but we've been proving that he has a sheet music he wants your life to play back to him as music. Amen. He wants your life to be a living voice. So this is not about data or information or giving us better theology than the apologist on YouTube. We do have better theology. uh they have more education and they have degrees. But what they don't realize and what I would like to just sit down very humbly and say to them, my dear brother, that that degree on your wall that you're so proud of, I'm sorry to say, is actually the thing that's hindering you. You're so proud of it. And it's the it's your greatest enemy because it only it only gave you rope memory. It taught you what to think, not how to think. See, but the revelation of the Holy Spirit teaches me how to interpret his word. It came to me through a prophet who didn't just teach me what to think, but how to think, not and so I'm not a parrot. I don't always just repeat his words, but I can use how he taught me to study the word. And as long as I can dovetail it in the word from Genesis to Revelation and the quotes, then I know I'm on the right path. Amen. Amen. Amen. So this is why you need a five-fold ministry. It's what this is why God put them in the earth. That's why it's there for I think like the rest of the world. And I think like the Bible thinks that it's really foolishness. Men, fallen men preaching to fallen men. Come on. An imperfect man trying to get an imperfect people perfect. So the whole thing is nonsensical to me. I just say blessed be the name of the Lord. He He knows what he's doing. Amen. And if there was anything that William Brandham stood for, and that is the an active five-fold ministry, a local assembly with pastors and evangelists and teachers and and and and apostles and and prophets and all of these things. and therefore the perfecting of the bride. So until she's perfect and gone, you still need that. Amen. See, if he would have wanted you to just stay home and play a tape or assemble at a building and just play a tape, then a prophet would have said that. Right. The reason that preachers, regardless of what their surname is, I'm not here to condemn someone, but the reason people get in a pull pit and preach that you don't need preachers, is because if they could just find a tape that said that, they wouldn't need to preach for a half an hour telling you you don't need preachers. The problem is, I feel sorry for them. I understand why they have to do it because they can't they can't just push play and get you to hear that. So they have to preach that to you and then tell you to push play and do what and and and and do what's on the tape. Exactly what we're doing today. What's on the tape, right? See, so you should listen to the tape. Well, I just say to them that you're not listening to the tape. If you are, you're not hearing it. You've got somehow got selective hearing. Yes. So, so when we look at Hebrews 13:8, it's a profound scripture and it it is why that brother Brandham had it as a main theme of the William Brandham Evangelistic Association. It was on his tent. You see pictures of his tent. Hebrews 13:8. It was a major point that William Brandham stood on all of his life. and and and the reason that Hebrews 13:8 is proven true and the and and and necessary and is the and is the single most relevant reality at the end time and why it is stressed so hard is that Christ is to be the living word in every age. Amen. That's why Hebrews 13:8 is so important because he's the living word in every age. See? So, so this is why it becomes so necessary. I'm just I can just feel myself trying to go down rabbit holes. I don't want to do that. Let me just stay stious along my notes today. So you can read it, you know, you can't uh as I said, you can't just read it as data and information. You can't just read it in chronological order. Clearly, the book of Revelation is the bride's book at the end time. And that's my own saying. I maybe I heard it somewhere. I'm basically just saying that's not a direct quote on a tape, but we understand this by everything that a prophet taught us. The book of Revelation was written after the first church age prophet messenger had gone home. When John came back with it, Paul was long gone. This is exactly why nowhere does Paul ever quote from the book of Revelation. Amen. However, the book of Revelation quotes probably is is made up probably at least three quarters to say the least uh of what was first said in the book of Daniel. Amen. Daniel fills up probably 75% of the book of Revelation. And here here's a here's something to observe. So that so that we know then that that that Paul doesn't quote from the book of Revelation. But when a prophet goes there and preaches on the book of revelation in the church ages in the seals and when the seals are open when feast of trumpets when and his series on revelation 3 4 and 5 every time when the seals are open or the trumpets are preached on or revelation is preached on it's a teaching directly what Paul taught even though Paul never read the book. Amen. See? All right. So, I I just want to make those points and get that in your mind and and I you'll probably hear me reiterate it much more quickly. I'm taking a lot of time this morning. It's okay. Uh but I'll I'll constantly repeat myself and I'll say things like that. Remember the Hebrews 13:8 rule. Remember why you're learning, not information. You're learning to be. Amen. See, you're learning that you may become. Amen. All right. You're learning so that you can see your time and position. So you know what God's expectation is of you. And may I say, and it should be to your delight, your the whole advantage of understanding your day and its message and your part in it and what's up is is that it banishes fear. Amen. You don't have to worry because I know what's up. I know why it's happening. The world is fearful of what's happening. They don't understand it. But not not just I've read the back of the book and I know we win. All true. We Yeah. You know, hooray over that. But but all the way through it, I can see myself walking through the scripture. So it is the and that's why brother Brandon would say there is no prevailing power so great as revelation to give you power over the in over the devil over the world over sin and over your flesh. I'd like to have that kind of power. I don't need to create squirrels or speak storms out of existence or walk on water but I'd very much like to defeat my flesh and the world and the devil. Hallelujah. Amen. So if I can hook into a prevailing power, plug me in. Amen. Hook me up and turn the juice to max. So our scene opened with man being driven from the Garden of Eden. And so I want to I want to pick up verse four. But before I do that, if you'll indulge me just a moment. Whoops, wrong. Um, and is that where I want to be? Ah, it is. So that's why. Okay. Okay. You're not going to find a quote in Genesis in Revelation. You're going to have to go to Genesis. Go to the top. There it is. Click on it. Good boy. Okay. Now it's making uh Now I once was blind, but now I see. Okay. So, I want to I want to read you what we read, and I want to read it from the New Living Translation. All right. So, so listen to this again. Then the Lord God said, "Look, the human beings have become like us, knowing both good and evil. What if they reach out, take fruit from the tree of life, and eat it?" See, then they'd live in a in fallen condition, they'd have eternal life. Yeah. And they eat it. Then they'll live forever. So the Lord God banished them from the Garden of Eden, and he sent Adam out to cultivate the ground from whence from which he had been made. After sending them out, the Lord God stationed mighty cherubam to the east of the Garden of Eden. And he placed a flaming sword that flashed back and forth to guard the way to the tree of life. All right? So now remember this point that that the that the way to the tree of life is not a trail or a path. It's the way of the tree of life. It's a brother Brandham said they couldn't even directly partake of it at that time because it hadn't been made flesh. So it's Christ. So it's a revelation of Christ. Again that's encrypted. That's only going to be given to those whom the Lord will reveal it to. So to keep that true, he shoot them out of the garden. get out because I can't let you I can't take a chance that you could you could breach my word. So, I'm going to drive you from uh the Garden of Eden. All right. Now, now we pick up back into our King James and and in Revelation 4. And Abel, he also brought I'm sorry, uh and verse one. And Adam knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bare Cain, and said, "I have gotten a man from the Lord." This is the opening scene. This is act one, scene one. Amen. Of mankind after the fall. And Adam knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bare Cain, and said, "I have gotten a man from the Lord." And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. Even theologians agree that second verse in all probability means they were twins. No kidding. Verse three. And in the process of time, it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. And Abel he also brought of the firstlings of his flock, and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering, but unto Cain, and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell. And the Lord said unto Cain, "Why art thou wroth? And why is thy countenance fallen? If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? And if thou doest not well, sin lith at the door? And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him." And Cain talked with Abel his brother. And it came to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel his brother and slew him. All right. Now, so I I want you to notice and and again, I've got to lay this foundation because when I start getting to examples, and we're going to look at Ezekiel and Daniel and Revelation, and we're going to we're going to walk you through prophecy. Uh we're going to start back, you know, and bring it all forward o over time and and in in services coming. Uh but but today it's just so important I lay some of these fundamental rules of of of observation and we'll observe them as we go and I'll note them as the Holy Spirit gives me uncction. But I want you to notice that that first of all can Cain his offering is rejected. Amen. He's angry. His countenance shows it. Yes. Amen. Uh and and God says to him, "Look, if you'll just do some works, there can be a way made for you." Now, you you're not going to be able to earn your way into heaven, but I will take into account how your heart responds to my word. Amen. Amen. See, now that's why you see that in Matthew 25 because you've got a whole group of people who are claiming their works. And the king is not denying their works, only that they were done in iniquity because their heart wasn't right. And they're now trying to stand on the fact that we have did works in your name. And why wouldn't they? They had spent their whole Christian lifetime in the earth trying to convince people by their works. Amen. So why wouldn't they try it now? It had worked in the earth. People thought they were Christians. They actually weren't even converted at all. And even the works they did, though notable and not denied by the king, didn't count because he was looking at their heart. The other group of people didn't even remember doing any good works. But it was their heart's response whenever they came face to face with the word in whatever form he revealed it. Amen. Cain was never going to get Abel's revelation. But God provides a legitimate opportunity for every human to save himself from destruction. To be just, he has to do that. But if you'll notice, none of these conditions are put upon Abel. Abel had one requirement. Believe the revelation. Amen. That was it. Amen. God didn't give him any other conditions but believe the revelation because if he believed the revelation it he would hear, recognize and act upon the word and bring his lamb. Amen. See that's what Cain wouldn't do. He wouldn't hear and and act on the word. He wouldn't hear recognize and act on the word. So he went his own way. And brother Brandham said he just he just brought his own labors to God and said, you know, take it or leave it. That's a bad position to be in. Amen. Because God can just say, "Okay, never mind. Go away." And that's what you don't want to hear. Amen. So, you can already see the difference made in the opening act, scene one of mankind in in after the fall. Now this of course um you know when when he says here in verse 8 and Cain talked with Abel his brother and it came to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel his brother and slew him. So there was some reason that Abel had no fear to go out walking out alone with his brother that he talked. They had talked all kinds of times. Abel knew Cain. Cain knew Abel. And and so just understand the point I want to make is friends, I know that we're in the world. And Paul said, you know, we we can't totally be disconnected from the world unless we go out of the world. God doesn't want us to go live in a commune. That's not its plan. His plan is that I've sent you out as sheep among wolves. But just understand that that world that you can sometimes, hear me, that you can sometimes get a little too connected and friendly with, it cost you something. Because I promise you, when it comes down to the word of God, they will not choose the word of God. Amen. They will seek to kill Christ. They did. They do it again at the end time. And as soon as they killed Christ, as soon as they had the spirit of murder satisfied against Jesus, they never turned that to his disciples until after they did it to him. Then they turned it to his disciples. That's why they, you know, why Thomas was killed by having a javelin run through him from behind, stabbed him in the back, literally pierced, harpooned him while he's praying. That's why uh Matthew was filleted. They took a fillet knife and removed his skin while he was alive. They hung Peter upside down. They took Luke the physician. Friend, I don't even want to go down. They they drugg him through the streets until they died. They uh they they killed them in in horrible ways. These were good people. Say, "I'm I'm a good person. Nobody is going to harm me." We're not talking about the person. We're talking about the spirit they're anointed with. So Cain talked with his brother and it came to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel his brother and slew him. So this of course is the exact fate Satan with his forces desired uh when we are told in the book of in the book of Revelation chapter 12. Let's go to 12 7-12. Brother Caleb, you can see that that Satan that what Cain did was exactly what Satan tried to do. And here we find it in Revelation 12:7 to12 because this is war that started in heaven. The war you're fighting today. Amen. We wrestle not against flesh and blood, principalities, powers of darkness. Amen. That war started in heaven. Now, when you read chapter 12 of of Revelation, you're going, "Yeah, okay. So, Revelation 10, so then the bride goes in the rapture. Revelation 11 is Moses and Elijah." So, then chapter 12 must be all in the tribulation. Parts of it are, parts of it aren't. Parts of it are both. Yes. Amen. Part of part of this both is that this battle where you where you read Satan kicked out and and it sent it into the earth and it's a greatest battle ever fought for the control of the man of uh control of mankind's mind and we're fighting it now and yet it doesn't even speak of it till Revelation 12. See, so there was war in heaven. Verse seven, Michael, this of course is representative of Christ. Michael and his angels because the angels don't belong to anybody but Christ. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. And the dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan. Boy, he's going to make sure we know who he's talking about. Which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth. And his angels were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down which accused them before go before our God day and night." So he's literally, Brother Brandham said, when the bride goes up, he comes down. And and now the the angels say to the world, "Woe unto you for Satan has come down to you." And so there one woe has passed. Two woes have passed and one is still coming. So now he's coming down and the tribulation is underway and Satan is going to come down and incarnate the false prophet. So that h that will be whatever pope happens to be seated uh on on the throne at that time. I don't well is it Francis? I don't know. He might die before I finish this sermon. But what whatever pope is active at that time, that false prophet, Satan will incarnate him. And that's why the that the beast will become the incarnate beast. He'll now be he'll be he'll be Lucifer personified in a human being and and his angels take all the rest of the people who were preached into the tribulation. Amen. Brother Brandham showed us in the seals, how does the false prophet get all of these billions of people to go with him into the tribulation instead of the rapture? He preaches them right into it. Amen. So, literally, they're being preached to become an incarnate demon. What if God takes the word of God and gives it to you and you believe it? Do you not become the incarnate word for your hour? If that causes them to come down and be destroyed, won't it cause you to go up and live? And I heard, here it is again, verse 10. And I heard a loud voice saying, "In heaven, now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ." Make sure I didn't skip something. And the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. Now, there's a plot twist. Don't you love a good plot twist? Think you got it figured out. Oh, no. He didn't just do that. Verse 11. And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb. This is God's redeemed. They overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. and they loved not their lives unto death. Therefore, rejoice ye heavens and ye that dwell in them. Say, "This is terrible. Satan has come down to the earth. It's a tribulation. Why would I rejoice?" Because the bride has been delivered. All of heaven is rejoicing. It's over. Hallelujah. G. So, so we're seeing that that the plot twist and I and I'll just I'll just give you a quick clue that you you're going to realize that um this vital clue, this vital what I'm calling a plot twist, first of all, it's not described in detail until the end of the Bible, halfway through the 12th chapter. no less halfway through the book of Revelation, halfway through the chapter. And and we find out that that that that the that victory in the kingdom of Christ. How many want it? It comes through anguish, tribulation, and overcoming. Amen. Victory in the kingdom of Christ comes through trial, anguish, tribulation, and overcoming. That's why he says they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. So it was a lived life. Wasn't just lip service. They gave their lives. Amen. For the cause of Christ. Some of them dying in heinous ways. They loved not their lives unto death. Because they did that, they get to rejoice. When the rest of the world is to say, "Whoa, whoa, whoa." There's a bride rejoicing because she loved not her life unto death. Brother Brandham in 1963 in the message humble thyself he's telling a story. I can actually only find him telling this one time but it's significant to me because it's from a sermon in 1963 uh in July after the seals. So, so, so since it's after the seals, then what I'm about to read you is the prophet further building on top of the revelation of Jesus Christ because that's what the seals are all about. Amen. So now the story you're about to hear say, "Oh, goody. I get to hear more about the revelation of Jesus Christ." But but what what the seals unveiled to to the shock and dismay of the devil to the astonishment of the bride and to the blindness of the world is that when the seals opened and it revealed Christ suddenly it revealed a word born bride who was not the son of Charles and Ella Brham who was not part of a denominational system who had come out of her my people. See, so there's no chance to hear the call come up if you're not willing to hear come out. Amen. You'll never hear come up. Be as good a person as you want. Believe God sent a prophet. Believe Jesus is the son of God. Believe all the message is true. But if you're not willing to come out of the world, you will never hear come up higher. See, you have to hear, recognize, and act on the word. So now listen to this story that brother Brandham is going to use in July of 1963. And he says, "My brother back there was telling me a story today about a minister, one of his congregation. He said he could walk a log." He said, "Pastor," the pastor said, "I can walk a log." And the pas a and he said, "Pastor, sure, the Lord is with you." And the pastor said,"I can pack a log across my back when I go across." "Sure, pastor, the Lord is with you." And he went and done it. He said, "Pastor said, "I can pack a log and wheel a wheelbarrow across at the same time." "Sure, pastor. The Lord is with you. Your faith can do anything." And the pastor said, "I can put you in the wheelbarrow and pack the log." And he said, "Now wait a minute. Wait a minute. Oh, wait. Hold on. Wait a minute. He said, see, it's different when you're included in it yourself. Now, that it's mighty good for us to say here, amen. It's mighty good for us to say, I believe that's true. But then put it in action. You got to put it in action. Amen. Let me give you that butchering of the king's English again. You got to put it in action. It's fine to say, "Amen. It's good." It's fine to say, "I believe that's true." But then put it in action. You got to put it in action. Amen. So, Revelation 12 then gives us a a much needed clue to understanding at least at least a fold of what we're reading in Genesis 4 where Cain slew his brother where Abel obeyed the word of God and it cost him. See, so Revelation 12 then at the end of the Bible, halfway through the book, halfway through the chapter is giving us a clue and giving and and some information about what we can read between the lines in Genesis 4. And that is to say, don't let it go unnoticed. Let me say it like that. I I I wouldn't want you to leave here today and it be unnoticed that this prophetic insight into history into the history of creation cuz that's what our text was. Yeah. We're in we're in we're in day one. We're in the opening scenes of man in a fallen condition. See? And so don't let it be lost on you that the history o of creation, you know, that finally we're going to see in Revelation 12, it's going to show us that victory certainly uh the best ones come through anguish, they come through tribulation, and they come through overcoming. Amen. Interestingly enough, this what I would call a vital clue is not described uh so poignantly as we find between Genesis 4 and Revelation 12. And it gives support for why actually it gives support for why the book of Revelation is rightly thought of as the bride's book at the end time. Because it's at the end time that we've got to be the overcomers. Amen. that of every age that fell, we're predestinated not to. See, praise God. So, we're got to overcome. Overcome what? Overcome anything that's contrary to God's word living itself through your life. Anything. What do I got to overcome? Overcome anything that's contrary to the word living through your life. Amen. See, and and and I and I will say this, and I'm going to have to uh start moving to a to a pause point. This will be accomplished because of Hebrews 13:8. Because that Christ is willing to be the living word in you. So that it ain't something you got to accomplish. All right? That chiefly we will be overcomers by not falling for the lie of the end time. Amen. The Bible speaks of a perilous time coming. And the Bible speaks of people who will decide as the ancient people did that they don't want God's word directing their lives. And so they they turn his word into for-footed creatures and winged creatures and reptiles and birds and they worship the creation more than the creator. Amen. So because they don't want Christ ruling over them, they turn God into an idol called denominational names and they're names of blasphemy. And because that the ancient people did that and the last day people do that, he says because you did that, I will go ahead and just let you go there and I will let the devil take you down the primrose path. You're going to find out that it's destruction at the end, but I'm going to actually give you a spirit of delusion because you didn't want my word. Fine. Okay. Then I'll give you a spirit of delusion so that you will inescapably believe a lie and be damned by it. Amen. And brother Brandham taught us that even in the Greek it bears it out that that lie is the lie, not just a lie, but the original lie told in the Garden of Eden. And the lie told in the Garden of Eden was this. That you don't have to believe every word of God. The word of God can be compromised. And that broke the world. That's the original lie of the Garden of Eden is that the word of God can be compromised and it'll be okay. It won't be okay. And so the whole world at the end time goes insane, a neurotic age. And it's not that God is going to destroy mankind. The Bible will show us in prophecy that what he's going to do is remove the rest restraining peace. And that's you. Amen. that he that letth, that's Christ, will let he'll let the enemy do what he wants until he Christ in the bride in a rapture be taken out of the way. And then and it's just God's going to pull the chucks out from under the wheel and let the wagon roll off the cliff. Amen. It will be man destroying himself. Man will be the foster parent of his own extinction event. Amen. So to overcome, we accomplish our overcoming chiefly by not falling for the deception of the last days. And it has many forms and many faces. We've preached on it before. The most prevalent one is that, you know, we're all Christians and we're all going to heaven. That's completely contrary to scripture. And I get that people are can be Christians because the brother Brandham said they admire the fine qualities of Jesus. They love the Nazarene and they they actually do believe he was the son of God and they actually believe it for real and that he died to save them and that's for that's true. But they but then they they say I love him but then they don't love this when it tells them how to live and how they should do and what they shouldn't do and and oh no I I just want Jesus. Well here he is. No, but I want the one 2,000 years ago. He can't do you any good. He rose from the dead. Brother Brandham said on that glorious morning, he rose, but what good does that do you? How did brother said, how does that help me? But Jesus said, because I live, you can live also. So, so he that liveth and believeth in me shall never die. See, so you've got to accept the Christ of today in his word. Your claim that you love Jesus without following his word is illegitimate. You are a fornicator of God's word doing that. And that's why your life demonstrates the way it does. I'm preaching prophecy, friends. I can't pull punches. We got to make this uh razor's edge. So, how do we overcome, brother Jason? Because none of us are perfect. And I think I probably fell 78 times yesterday. Well, get in line. And I probably fell 79 times yesterday. Come on. But it's accomplished chiefly by whatever you do. Whatever you do, don't fall for the lie. Amen. Don't fall for the deception that you can compromise God's word at all. Even one three-letter word broke the world. So we find that that we we we chiefly overcome by not falling for the deception of the last days. And let let me uh brother Caleb, before I close, let's look at Revelation chapter 2 verses 18 to 28. You good? I'm g I'm gonna wrap it up here in about five or 10 minutes. Going to hit the brakes. As brother Jules said, we're gonna, you know, jump out, pull the parachute, and uh but that's a little bit slow. I'll fly it to the ground and we'll land at 200 miles an hour. Okay. Brother Eddie did that in his pilot training on his first on his check ride when he's got an instructor and and he and dad said he landed it in there and you know, got it to a stop and and he looked to the instructor, "Well, how'd I do?" He said, "Well, Ed, you did pretty good, but you're not supposed to land at 140 miles an hour. You're supposed to float it down and let it touch down." Amen. But well, hey, flying is just aiming at the earth and missing, right? I heard a fighter pilot say that. Flying is easy. It's just aiming at the earth and miss. Revelation 2:18-28. Now, hey, before you read, let me let me tell you why we're reading Thotyra. Thotira Because Thoterra repeats at the end time. It has parallels to mine in your day. See, uh, and and and you you you'll see that as we as we read, and I'll I'll try to point it out to you as we go so you don't get lost in the shuffle. And unto the angel of the church in Thotira, write these things, saith the son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet like fine brass. Now, hold right there. Hold. Go back. Hold right there. So, let me let me just say let me just give you some quick pointers so you won't you won't spend time trying to figure it out and you won't hear what I'm saying. So, Thotira was known for, you know, they they they started remember Ephesus was relaxed and you remember then Smyrna starts talking about death. You remember in the third age they're going to crown a false prophet with a triple crown and then by the fourth age they've got a false prophet seated on the throne and it's a Jezebel the seat see it's a Jezebel religion remember that see now so that means the church has went into complete darkness it's just before Luther's going to break out with a little bit of light that and and that commences the thousand years of what they call the dark ages until Luther springs with the light and goes back and picks up an Old Testament prophet. The just shall live by his faith. Luther caught a revelation out of the Old Testament. See? So, so, so now you've got a Jezebel system, a false prophet on a throne. It's a Jezebel religion. It's brought total darkness to the world. Sound familiar? Yes. Amen. See, so that repeats at the end time. The fourth age got there by a by the degradation of ages one, two, and three. And then by the fourth, it's dark ages. And then there's a restoration uh coming under Luther Wesley and moving it and moving into the and moving into the return of the token with a with a third stage in there that a lot of people didn't notice of the shuck because people say, "Wait, I thought it's three works of grace." It is, but it's four stages of restoration. Can't get that confused. See? So, so we'll we'll get that when we start teaching on it. But I I just want to I just want to keep you on the same page with me because what we're talking about, remember, how do I overcome? What's the best way? How can I be an overcomer? Better yet, here's a better question because you might tell me how to do it and I might can't pull it off. How can I be viewed as an overcomer? How can I get the Lord to view me as an overcomer whether I fell 79 times yesterday or not? Amen. he would still today view me as an overcomer. Amen. Verse 18. And unto the angel of the church in Thite, write these things, sayeth the son of God, who hath his eyes like a flame of fire, and his feet uh are like fine brass. I know thy works in charity and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works. See, they're they're all about works at this point. It's works, works, works. They've got service and faith and patience, and thy works. and and um and the last to be more than the first. And notwithstanding, I have a few things against thee. Here it comes. Now, look at the parallel to our age. Because thou suffest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetist, to teach and seduce my servants, to commit fornication, brother Brandham said, spiritual adultery against Christ the word, as calling him your husband. Yeah. Calling yourself the bride when you're an adulterous woman to his word. See, and so you you can see why they hated brother Brandham. That same reason Cain hated Abel. Cain hated Abel. The same reason Satan hated Jesus. See? So, so he says to teach and seduce my servants to commit fornication and to eat things sacrificed to idols. And I gave her a space to repent of her fornication. He sent he sent her the word, sent her a message, sent her a messenger in that age. He sent a messenger in this age. Finally, he had to indict the whole age. You've crucified the Lord. It's already done. You can't take it back. In the presence of the judge, I indict you. See, behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into a great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. And I will kill her children with death. See, no one even knew she was going to have children. Luther was a thousand years away. Luther hadn't started the Reformation. that and that and that which turned into a denomination which turned into three really quickly which turned into 10 really quickly which then burggeoned on and and by the time you get to today we're at 40,000. All right. And I will kill her children with death and all the churches shall know that I am he which search searchth the rain. See all the churches are going to know and this is only the fourth age. 56 and seven ain't even on the scene yet but all the churches are going to know and he's telling about it in Thotira. Amen. See, but there's got to be a time when it comes when the bride leaves and all the churches are going to know. Watch. Look. All the churches shall know that I am he which searchth the reigns and hearts. And I will give unto every one of you according to your works. But but unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thotira, as many as have not this doctrine. In other words, you haven't fallen for that black system. and which have not known the depths of Satan. You've stayed true to all you know as they speak. I will put upon you none other burden but that which you already have. Hold fast till I come. And he goes on down. He that overcomemeth and keepeth um my my works and to the end to him will I give power over the nations and he shall rule them with a rod of iron as the vessels of a pottery goes on down. vessels of a potter uh shall they be broken to shivers even as I received of my father. Verse 28, and I will give him the morning star. Now, the ministry of the morning star is the ministry of the message of the hour that we have today. It's Christ. He's the morning star. You know, you're supposed to carry on until the day dawn and the day star rise in your hearts. See, so they had that they had that uh rising sun ministry in Paul's day. Paul, that's what Paul was preaching from. That whole first church was the ministry of the son of man. The word was made flesh. But they fell away from it. And then they went off into denomination. And Christ instead of coming to get a bride, he must sit down in the eternities, seal up the word in seven seals, intercede upon their ignorance of his people so he doesn't lose any of his children though they believe false teaching. Amen. And so now we come to a parallel of our last day and he's saying to you here today, I will put nothing more upon you than to not be deceived by the prevailing spirit of fornication against God's word. And if you'll just do that, if you'll just say amen to every word, you might have 79 failures yesterday, but you woke up today saying, "Father, forgive me. Amen to every word. I'll put no other burden upon you. Amen. Than that which you already have. We've already got a dark world. It's already terrible and and and the lid is torn from hell and demon powers are streaming and it's totally black. But I'll put no other burden upon you other than that you're willing to hear and to recognize and to act upon my word because that'll demonstrate your faith. And if you'll just do that, that's all you'll need to do. I'll do the rest. And and Jesus is saying to you today, you know, you'll you you'll be an overcomer. Amen. And you'll know it's me because you'll know that to overcome everything in this world is quite impossible. So you'll know it's me when you find yourself doing it. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet, friends. Praise the Lord. My goodness. I didn't even get as far as I thought I would get today. I didn't think I'd get very far, but I but I wanted to I wanted to lay these foundation stones uh to building our understanding of modern events again made clear in prophecy. when you go to hear brother Brandon preach that, you know, it's like when when the LLMs first came out and this chat or this chat and they were limited and they said, "My knowledge only goes to this certain date." And you're like, "Well, what about afterwards?" Well, sorry, I don't have any knowledge of that. Well, you're not you're useless then if I don't because knowledge changes like that. I need cutting edge. And so they caught that. Now they're all now they allow now they allow it to search for the for the latest greatest information. And so so brother Brandham he was only able to go to the history he had lived. Thank God he was a prophet so that he could project what we would come to today. Said well he never mentioned the internet. He never mentioned social media and he never mentioned these things but he mentioned a plenty so that when we arrive here we still know how to be overcomers. Amen. Amen. Do you believe he's made us overcomers today? Amen. Um I got a song in my mind. Anthony, you may have one, but we've been made more than conquerors, overcomers in this life. Amen. Let's see if we can find some words for that, brother Caleb. Amen. That's it. More than coner. [Music] Oh, overcomers in this life. Is that the right key? Okay, keep going. Oh, we've been victori through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made. Oh, we've been made more than conquers. Oh, yes. overcomes in this life. Hallelujah. Raise your hands now. We've been made victorious. He deserves it through the blood of Jesus Christ. Again, again, now it's a prayer, a prayer of thanksgiving. We've been made. We remain overcome over [Music] overcomers in this life. Oh yes. Thank God for that. We've been made victorious. Oh, through the blood of Jesus Christ. We got a any verses today verses. When truth, [Music] don't be afraid. You know it's not like before. Don't give in. Don't you give in. Don't let it break. Oh my to wor. [Music] Oh, we've been made more than coner. Thank God overcomeers in this life. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus. One more time. Sing it like you believe it now. We've been made coner. Let me hear you. Overcomes in this. Oh, what a sweet melody. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. If Tony wants to change it, he can. Let's Let's bow our heads. Master, we've been made conquerors, more than conquerors. We thank you for that. I thank you for your word today. Yeah. I thank you for these people, Lord, who sat patiently as we went through these things carefully, piece by piece, picking up this piece and that piece, turning it over, looking at it good, digesting its rel it its relative meaning to us in the moment. There's much more to be said, Lord, about every point we made today. More can be said, and we will we'll get to it. I feel a very satisfying feeling in my heart today, Lord. I believe your word went forth. I believe the people have seen things clearly. If if Leodysa had uh Lord, if the fog of war had kind of, you know, made things difficult to see, maybe they can see a little more clearly today. See all the moving parts and a prophet told us all these things at the end time. And this is a major key. They're all happening in a cluster. They're all happening simultaneously. It's all choreographed. It's all synchronized. It's it's like a it's like a a a piece of music, like a ballet, like a like a a wonderful choreographed scene unfolding. And we want to see our part in it. We want to hear the rhythm and the timing. We want to make sure we're paying attention to the conductor and the leader. Lord, may you help us today now, as we go forth today, giving the people quite a bit to think about. And I pray they will do just that and think about it. We commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. As brother Tony sings, you can be dismissed in Jesus name. God bless you. So happy to have you here. More of you. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. [Music] Of things I've had, my fear, but yet I hunger still. [Music] Empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer. More of you. More of you. [Music] More of you. I've had it all. [Applause] But what I need is more of you. [Music] Of things I've had in my field, but yet I hunger still. Empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer. for more of you. [Music] More of you. [Music] More of you. [Music] I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my feel, but yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. More of you. [Music] More of you. [Music] I've had it all. [Music]
