################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - 250618-Jason WatkinsThe Sum of Our Lives - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   250618-Jason Watkins:The Sum of Our Lives
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfXXUnwSqU8
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Night  service " The Sum of Our Lives "
On June 18th, 2025  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
to give us a song. Amen. That we was practicing back there. I think it'll bless us tonight. Amen. Amen. When pains of death cease, sore, my soul, unto the Lord I cry. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be till Jesus came and made me home. [Music] As Jacob in the days of old, I wrestle with the Lord. And instantly with courage, I stood upon his word. [Music] I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I will not be denied. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work is done. Christ the Lord is here. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. [Music] Till Jesus came and made me whole. I will not be denied. [Music] [Applause] You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Brother Aaron, if you come and give us a special Amen. Let's give Brother Aaron a hand. Amen. [Music] What are you doing? [Music] Baby, [Music] I was working in town one afternoon attending some business affair. I heard a commotion a couple streets over. I wondered what's happening there. A young man was running from within that direction and he stopped just to catch his breath. I asked him to please tell me what was a hurry. He smiled up to me. I was trying to catch you in the past [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and you raising God's Oh [Music] my is all yours. My friend, if the troubles and burdens you carry are heavy and dragging you down, you've tried everything you could possibly think of. There's no relief to be found. That very same Jesus all through the future of blind man. [Music] is still reaching out your hour of trouble. You're never you trying to catch the crippled man this way. He was rushing home to tell everyone [Music] to me was myself. It's hard to believe, but you just [Music] My name is [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother John, you still got that song for me? Amen. Let's give Brother John a hand. Amen. [Music] How many y'all are thankful we have a good father? [Music] [Music] Oh, I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like, but I've heard the tender Hear whispers of love in the dead of night. And you tell me that you're pleased and that I'm never alone. [Music] You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, I've seen many searching for answers far and wide. But I know that we're all searching for answers. Only you provide. Cuz you know just what we need before we say a word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. [Music] You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. Oh, with love so uneniable, I I can hardly speak. He so unexplainable. lie. I can hardly think as you call me. Deeper still as you call me. Deeper still as you call me. Deeper still into love. Love. Love. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Who you are, Lord. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Won't you stand with me this evening? How many is ready for the word? Amen. Let's give me the key of D. Amen. Sing a little bit of We're standing on holy ground. Amen. Amen. Amen. As I walk through the door, I sense his presence. [Music] And I knew this was the place where love abound. For this is the place Jehovah God he abides [Music] in. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] We are standing [Music] on holy ground. And I know there are angels all around. Let us praise [Music] Jesus. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. In his presence there is joy beyond all measure. [Music] At his feet, peace of mind can still be found. [Music] If you have a need, I know he has the answer. her. Reach out and claim it. For we are on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. And I know all around. Let us pray [Music] Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy holy ground. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Friends, turn around and shake somebody's hand standing near you. Say, "God bless you." Happy to have you here in the house of God tonight. Amen. Glad to be home. Amen. had a nice little trip to Poland. Uh, brother Matt and I were ministering there. Zoe and Pete were with us and so we had a really nice time. Sister Ma was there with us and we had a really nice time and um so uh I I all day long I've been I actually got this thought tonight from Poland. So it's important. Is that all right? Amen. I actually thought that I um might I I had already actually already preached my services there, but it was something that in my preaching uh something came to me and I began to look at it and feel the direction of the Lord and thought I might share it with just the pastor there oneon-one, but that didn't work out. And as I came home and began to look, I just kept this thought in the back of my mind just kept trying to push forward. So, we're going to look at it tonight. And as it turns out, it'll be a perfect uh stepping stone for the weekend. Praise the Lord. We're going to invite you to St. John chap 11. Amen. St. John chap 11 and we're going to catch a lengthy reading. So, we'll just read the first couple of verses. We'll let you be seated. While you're turning to that, um I want to just make a Where do I have it? A quick announcement. Um so you all know of course every year brother Samuel and the Spanish church has their July meetings July 19 um 19 and 20 and um I was thinking it's usually three but this apparently only has the 19th and the 20th. Um maybe brother Samuel's um not holding that third service. That's the dates I have here. 19 to 20 as far as I know that's accurate. But um brother uh Joe Adams is coming this year from Louisiana there, brother Tim Pru Church. We've had brother Joe here. We sure love him, him and his family. And so that he'll be ministering that. So I just think it would be grand uh if we could really and actually to brother Samuel actually called brother Matt and I reached out to us while we were abroad and and ask us to please uh ask this church as many as possible. I think that with um some of the deportation issues that are going on in Texas right now, there's a large group of Hispanic believers that normally come every year to that meeting and uh they're a little bit afraid to move around right now from state to state. So, um so brother Samuel has asked if we could make an extra effort and uh I I assured him, brother Matt assured him we certainly would. So, I just want to start announcing that tonight. We'll announce it again this weekend. See if you can make plans uh to drop in on the uh let's see. So, it looks like um that would be at least we can make the Saturday um which would be the 19th. Correct? So, I'm not sure what happened to Friday the 18th. That's usually a three-day meeting. But, at any rate, if I if the dates change, I'll update you. But it'd be grand if we could make a really concentrated effort to at least drop in there on Saturday. Those believers support all of our meetings and have for years. And we do the same uh for them. And so, Brother Samuel's actually increasing the facilities and restrooms and things uh to accommodate larger crowds. So, note that on your calendar and uh Brother Samuel and the church there will appreciate that. St. John chap 11. Let's catch a couple of verses and then we'll let you be seated. Very familiar reading Jesus at the tomb of Lazarus. Now a certain man was sick named Lazarus of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha. It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick. Therefore, his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word tonight, Lord. And just reading it now, Lord, we have some more that we wish to read. And I'm just trusting in you, Lord. This thought has been burning on my heart for a couple of days now. And I was so enjoying as I dove into it today. tired and weary in my mind and body, but my I feel so invigorated with this thought, Lord. And I ask your help tonight, Lord, as I stand here to assist you. Bring this word to the church tonight, Lord. And those who are not able to be here, perhaps are watching a live stream or catch it on an archive later, Lord. It should be instruction instruction based to us. And so I I pray for your help tonight that I can deliver it, Lord, in the way that it burns in my heart. I commit it to you uh for the end, Lord, that it should glorify you and your kingdom and instruct us a little more clearly how we might best be of service to you at the at the highest level. We commit ourselves now to this end in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. We'll keep reading. Amen. Verse three again. Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick. When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby. Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus. When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abodeed two days still in the same place where he was. Then after that saith he to his disciples, let us go into Judea again. His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee, and goest thou thither again? Jesus answered, Are there not 12 hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world. But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, there because there is no light in him. These things said he, and after that he saith unto them, our friend Lazarus, Lazarus sleepeth, but I go that I may awaken him out of sleep. Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well. How be it Jesus spake of his death, but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep. Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead. And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there to the intent you may believe. Nevertheless, let us go unto him. Then said Thomas, which is called Ditimus unto his fellow disciples, let us also go that we may die with him. Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave 4 days already. Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem about 15 furlongs. And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning their brother. Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him. But Mary sat still in the house. Then said Martha unto Jesus,"Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died. But I know that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee." Jesus saith unto her, "Thy brother shall rise again." Martha said unto him, I know that he shall rise in the resurrection at the last day. Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection and the life. And he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this? May the Lord bless the reading of his word. Uh just even as I read that, there is so much ministering. I would like to just stop and take my time and go through there. But I wanted to just come to this one particular point tonight if we'll just get one fold of it and aim at it really hard. Uh I want to speak to you tonight on a t on a title. The sum of our lives. It's not part of for the booth. It's not part of any of my series um the the modern events or future events uh series. This is a standalone. But it will, as I said, prop me up pretty good uh for uh Sunday because to Sunday has um well, it just has some mindbending material. So, tonight we're going to stay a little little closer to um to the to the home to where the road see if that is helpful to us. Amen. Now, um, in in in in reading this text and taking this title, the sum of our lives, I you're going to see here in a minute a quote that I read to you recently, and I didn't post it to the church in Poland, but I quoted from it where uh, Brother Brandham makes reference to um, that the sons and daughters of God are actually a part of God's Godhead. You've heard me quote that many times. You're actually in God's Godhead. And and I came across another quote that was in 1965. And I've got that. We're going to look at it fresh again. But you're also going to notice the quote just before it from just after the seals and one of brother Brandham's other mindbending sermons. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And he's going to actually say some things there that I'd never caught until just today. actually even though I had I've have had this quote as I say um on a file since uh a couple days ago uh on on Sunday when I ministered there in Poland Sunday afternoon service we had an outstanding time by the way. Amen. So I want to focus on this thought that I've made this comment to you before. It's not original to me. I heard brother Clark Thomas make it in a minister's meeting some years ago. I've never forgotten it. and and he he started talking about how that people uh think of the resurrection as an event on a calendar. And there's nothing wrong per se with thinking that because the resurrection is an event on a calendar. I don't think it pays any attention to our calendars, but I know God has it on his calendar. So, whatever day his calendar corresponds to our calendar, well, that'll just be the Earth Day that it happens. But Jesus already knew 2,000 years ago on the Mount of Olives when they asked him concerning the restoration of Israel as a kingdom which happens in the millennium. Israel will be reestablished as the leading nation of the world and and the king will rule for that at Jerusalem will be his capital. And so uh so we realize that that that that Jesus knew that the father has an exact time in his mind when the resurrection when the restoration when the kingdom shall be restored. Amen. So but brother Clark was making the point that you you don't want to just think of it as a date on a calendar as some somewhere over a rainbow. That's a horrible version of it. But it it's not just somewhere over a rainbow. Uh and it's not just a date fixed on the calendar, though it is. But but brother Clark was making the point that it's not merely a date. It's not merely a thing. It's not merely an event. Jesus said, "I am the resurrection." So the so the resurrection is a broader word. You need to have that in your minds that it's broader than just some event. Uh you know the the message of the hour isn't just an event. You know what happened in Arizona? What happened in Jeffersonville? What happened in the room? The pillar of fire coming in there. It's not just an event. That's not just a story we tell. Though valid, though true, though meaningful, though purposeful, but it's more than that, friends. You're not just believing doctrine. And the message didn't come just to fill you up with doctrine and give you, you know, uh, stories of the supernatural, though they're all true and though they're all relevant and though they all encourage us, but it it's it's more than that. The message, as we've said to you for many years, I've said it from the Bethl Tabernacle pullpit, probably since I became pastor in 1995, that the message is a person. It's not just books and tapes and quotes, which are the vehicle. Not only do we have books and tapes and quotes, but we have digital, we have internet, we have all we have video, we have everything. That's the vehicle. But the message is the person of Jesus Christ. And he has a message. And the message is come out of her, my people, and be not a partaker of her sins. And that's not just come out of a denomination. That's come out of a barroom, come out of a denomination, come out of a organization, come out of whatever you have to come out of that's holding you back from having a daily lively uh uh uh rich relationship with the person of the word. Amen. Amen. So, I want to read I think I have um one, two, three, four, five. I have five quotes posted and we're going to look at them now. Let's have my title slide. Um, Sister Sarah and then we'll I'll take it over from here. The sum of our lives and brother Brandham comes right on the scene here. And I want you to notice that we're going to look at five different things. The um uh a as it relates to um how would I say this? Um being a part of something. Amen. All right. So, and that's what that's what the Lord began to lay upon my heart when I began to quote, you know, you're a you're a part of God's godhead. You're in the quote is actually you're in God's godhead, which means you're you're not God and you're not Jesus, but you're the continuation of Jesus. You're Mrs. Jesus. You're a you're a membered body, the word made flesh in the earth. So in that sense, we're a part of God's great eternal expression. Now that sounds heady and high altitude. You're a part of God's expression. But you know, as we said the the week before we left and and JD had said it in his Sunday school, we're not just looking at these high altitude, top of the atmosphere truths that wow us and they're spectacular and they they're they're mindbending, but but hey, let's let's remember they come with a meaning. They don't come to dazzle us. They're not just It's not a circus act. We're not here to just make profound statements. This stuff is supposed to get down into gears and it's supposed to be like steam in a steam engine and get the train moving down the track. Amen. That's what it's for. And so you you realize and I realize in ministry over the years that when I see somebody sitting year after year after year under under under really good ministry and preaching, but you don't ever see their train really rolling down the track with any kind of speed. And I realize that that the that the general the the the heart of the problem is is they're not really getting it to the point of assimilating it to where it's just more than teaching and doctrine and wow. Amen. Now, I'm not saying they're a bad person. They might be a perfectly fine person. They might have had an experience in the Lord where where they're they're seed gene of God. Let me just say let me just check all the boxes and say you check all the boxes. You're all the above. You're in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. But what is it that Satan has a hold of your life that keeps you from assimilating to where the word becomes a lived flesh life behind behind skin. So we're part of something. And and brother Brandham starts out here in 1958 in the handwriting on the wall. That's why the bornag again Christian has never an end because he has eternal life. Now this is very heady. Listen. And eternal life is a part of God. Go a part of God's own life. For God is eternal. And the same word Greek word Zoe that says God's life. When Jesus speaks and said, "I give unto them eternal life," that same word is used again. So when Jesus says, "I give unto them eternal life," he's activating the part inside of you that was God before there was stardust. And that's a gene inside you that laid dormant before the baptism of the Holy Ghost, before God chased you down. I'm glad he chased me down. Yes. Amen. I'm glad I I may have ran but I couldn't hide. I'm glad there was nowhere I could get away from him. I'm glad to be captured. I, as I've said many times, once I really got to know him, I didn't want to be me anymore. I I I wanted to be like him, not like me. Me has harmed me. Me has misled me. Me has disappointed me. But he has never misled, hurt or disappointed me. So he says here it's that same word that he has given unto them. It's part of God's life. Now be since you now since we know already that the that you didn't become a son or a daughter of God when you repented. You only discovered by a revelation of the Holy Spirit, by a revelation of the word that you believed that a gene of God came to life. You had always been a child of God and now you have the ability to begin to cooperate in the vision. You can you actually have the ability to really live as a way that matches intrinsically with your true nature. Not the nature Paul said we were all born just as others of a fallen nature. But that wasn't our original nature. Amen. The life of a true child of God is a life of shallow misery. You're just trudging along a few days full of full of trouble with all the rest of humanity going through a few days and full of trouble. But once you once something once the light strikes that seed, you realize now my goodness, I've got such a greater purpose. I I've got such a greater vision. I've got so much to accomplish. I wish I'd have surrendered my life a long time ago to the Lord. These are feelings that are common to us in the new birth. So he goes on here. He says, "Therefore, a man being born again, his spirit has been changed and he becomes a part of God." Now your spirit, as we know in later teaching, it wasn't your spirit that died. It was your nature of the spirit, which is the soul. So that fallen nature you were born with by a sex birth, that was annihilated. See? And so now the spirit has a new nature, a nature that was its original nature. And I mean, if they if that's not true, then I mean, the fact that that is true explains to me why I never felt like I fit in with the world. but with the word. I'm just right at home. Hallelujah. So he says he's been changed and he becomes here's the here's the line. He becomes a part of God in so much that he is a son of God. So now you actually have an active god life. Wow. Just let that weigh on you a minute. That's awesome. Now I I'm I'm setting you up a little bit. I'll go ahead and and out myself. I'm I'm setting you up a little bit because the Lord set me up. And when I began to read all of these things and I was just like, my goodness, I'm a part of God's own life. Eureka. Wow. And I and I go on down and I've got all these other parts that I'm a part of. I'm a part of this. I'm a part of that. I'm a part of this. And the Lord's just sitting there taking me to quote after quote after quote. Amen. And I was like, Lord, I'm so glad to be a part of something. And the Lord, without breaking us, not breaking the the rhythm, just said, "What are you doing about it?" Amen. Are you just you just is this just uh you know something to you know what's the old Pentecostal term? You know, where you know there's such a happiness I forget the term they use an old archaic term. But but it's not just you know that we we we jump up and down and we shout over these truths. Don't we jump up and down and shout over these truths? That's how I always that's how it works on me. Ever since I was young, when I get happy, I jump up and down. And so, but that but hey, I still got to go out the next day and fight the devil. So, I got to have something more than just to jump up and down. That's right. So, we're a part of God. Guess what? You're a part of God. Guess what? You're part of God. And he's just as eternal. This is you. Yes. Amen. You can say it like this. I'm just as eternal as God is. Amen. I dare you to say that within yourself right now. I'm just as eternal as God is. Because he's a part of God by birth. Spiritual birth. Amen. Brother Brandham comes along a year later and um nearly almost two years later by the date. Did you know from my new ministry, did you know God knew that we'd be standing here 10 million years before the world was ever formed? Amen. Now you say, "Well, if he knows it, then why are you preaching?" That's God's part of the program. Preaching is his program. Amen. But Jason, why are you a preacher? If God already knows who's going to be there 10 million years before the world ever spun in space, why are you preaching? Because it's part of God's program. I'm part of God's program. I'm a part of God. I'm as eternal as God, and I'm a part of his program. So, I'm preaching. Why are you listening? Why do you come here? If he's already got it figured out 10 million years before the world was ever formed, you know why you're here? Because that's what believers do. Believers gather. They assemble themselves together. And guess what else they do? They do it more as they see the evil day approaching. Amen. Which means that they have taken steps to not allow the world to keep them from assembling more. Amen. Amen. Oh, it got a little quieter there. I I I I know the people who should be here and aren't because the world has done that to them probably aren't saying amen. But you should say amen. Amen. So he says, so he says that's God part of God's program. Preaching is his program. uh when he looked upon the apostles, he looked upon the harvest. He said, "The harvest is ripe and the laborers are few. Pray the Lord of the harvest that he will send laborers into his harvest." Now, I'm going to just I want to get through these five quotes, and I'm trying to stop stopping trying to stop stopping because I want to I'm going to take the points I want to make about each quote, but I want to get the quotes consecutively. That way if I forget everything else, you've left and and have been benefited. Amen. So, and then when I get down to it, we'll cover as much as we can with the time we have. But I want you to absorb these quotes. All right? This will mean a little more to you in a few minutes. Just here's what I want you to get right now. You're part of God. You're active and part of God's program. Amen. Amen. Abraham's covenant confirmed 1961. Now, he's coming along. I'm moving this um uh in time. And now we find out last night that he was Abram until God blessed him and made him made a covenant with him and then he changed his name from Abram to Abraham and Ham was part of God's name. Did you notice that? Did did it ever soak down in Abraham. Elohim. See, he put part of God's name because God is a father of all and he made his name being Elohim. He put part of his name with Abraham. See, and made him a partner with him. Now, that's not a unique thought to William Brandt. Oh, well, this part of it is a is the furthest any commentator ever reached out. I searched back all the way this as a thought that God changed his name and added uh the Hebrew word in there which I think is h eh in the Hebrew. And brother Brandham is spot on with Jewish uh the Torah, the midish, all of that all the way back. Uh all of their they they've always knew that. The apostles talked about it. The early church fathers wrote about it. this very thing that God imparted part of his name into Abraham and that's where the age comes from. And so so but but brother Brandham actually is going to uh take it a little bit further but I'm not going there tonight because it's I I have that for Sunday. But I just want you to absorb this for a moment that that God put part of his name in a man so that that man would I would would would serve to identify who God is. Amen. Amen. So if I said it to you tonight, I would say, "How many believe the message of the hour?" And I would say, do you realize that the only ones that will believe the message of this hour, the only ones who have believed the message of any hour was Mrs. Jesus in every age? And if you're Mrs. Jesus, you are that. And believing the message of the hour is only an identifier that you are that, that you've always been that. But then that means that your life now becomes a testimony of Jesus. Amen. the real Jesus. Amen. Not the similar version, the the similar 33,000 different similar versions of him, none of which will get anyone in a rapture. Amen. Because Jesus said when this gospel, Amen. Not 33,000 different versions that are slightly kind of similar. But when this gospel, what gospel was he talking about? What gospel was he? The word made flesh. So when you are believing the word made flesh and you are the word made flesh, when that gospel, a gospel that can turn the the people under the ministry of the son of man, the word is made flesh and written behind skin. And you are walking around with part of God's identity. You're operating in God's program. You've got a part of his name. You are the identifier. Amen. To the world. You are the lighthouse. You're the lower lights. The lower lights have to be burning. The the the lighthouse up on the hill serves at distance, but when they get into the shallows, they've got to have the lower lights. Amen. See, and I It's probably one of my favorite songs of all time that Sister Jean sung for years as a boy growing up. Let the lower lights be burning. I you don't get to hear it, but I still hear it in her young soprano voice uh that I'll know she'll have back. I love her voice now, but the voice that she had as a young woman sounded like running water. It was just it it sounded like angels and uh she she sang at the tabernacle for years as part of the Brandom Tabernacle Trio lead soprano. So, Sister Mom, I'm looking forward to Amen. running the hills of glory with you and getting outran by you and hearing you sing. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's a reality, friends. See, that ain't Disney World for me. That's for real. I know that's ahead of me. Um, all right. So, he says, uh, did I get all of that one? Yes. All right. Did you notice that? You ever let it soak in? Okay. So, he said, "And made him." Here's here's the line I want you to absorb. And he made his name being Elohim, he put part of his name with Abraham. See, and made him a partner with him. Amen. So when he made you Mrs. Jesus Christ, he made you a partner with Jesus Christ. See, you're not just a follower, you're a partner. All right. Now, here's another one. Christ is the mystery of God re uh God revealed. He is the first fruits of the resurrection. Is that right? Watch then what is he? He is the head of the body which is his church bride. So okay. So brother Brandham is just simply saying he's the first fruits of the resurrection. Amen. We believe that. Amen. Well, then it means there has to be more fruit coming. If he's the first there, you wouldn't say you'd just say he's the fruit, but he's the first fruits. Under the under Leviticus 23 type, he's the first fruits of the resurrection. That means there's there's more coming that that's that's of the same seed that brings forth the same life that brings forth the same fruit that can reproduce like he reproduced. Amen. See, so that being the case, then then he is the head of the body which is his church, his bride. Then the bride body must follow the head for it is part of his resurrection and part of the mystery. So you are, you say, I'm waiting for the resurrection. You're part of it. If he's the resurrection, you're part of the resurrection. Amen. See, then then if he's the mystery of redemption, then you're part of the mystery of redemption. That's right. Amen. It's impossible for it not to go. Oh my. It's part of God's mystery. So, so I'm not here today to say to you, listen, uh there's going to be a resurrection. We got a rapture coming. The bar is pretty high, but if you can endeavor and persevere and qualify, you just might get in. There's only a less than 1%, so your odds are pretty bad. Uh, but if you really try hard, you might get Let me try to get you to really try hard. So, I'd like to see you there, and I hope I make it, too. That's that's not even in the in the mindset of the believer. The mindset of the believer is I'm already a part of the resurrection. If the head resurrected, I have to resurrect. If nothing could hold him and nothing could, nothing can hold me. That's right. Amen. Wow. Amen. So, it's part of God's mystery how God revealed himself here and raised it up by the word. So, he reveals his church and raising it up by the same word. It's a part of his three-fold mystery. Now, there's the supporting quote to the one about you being in God's Godhead. You're a part of his three-fold mystery. Father, Son, Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost part is the part that produced the bride, Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's the mystery of redemption. That's what Paul said was was hidden for years, but now has been made known. Amen. And that that it wasn't just a Messiah was coming, a whole kingdom was coming. And there's going to and it wouldn't just be the Jews. It would go to the Gentiles because Abraham was said you you'll be a seed of many nations. Amen. So now you're I hope I'm drawing the picture for you. This ain't no joke. This is this is real real this is real life. This is what gives life purpose. Amen. And then here's the quote that we've read to you before. There is so many infallible proofs that Jesus is the place. He is the gate. He is the name and only provided way that God has for man to meet and worship. He is the way, the truth, the life, the gate, the door, the alpha omega, the beginning and ending, rose of Sharon, lily of the valley, morning star, the alpha omega. He is all the whole thing put together. He is both root and offspring of David, bright and morning star. In him dwells the fullness of the Godhead bodily. Where we in there are sons and daughters to God in God's Godhead. Yes. As sons and daughters, we're in the family if you're in there. So if you're in there, you're in the family. If you're in there, you're in there because you're in the family. All right. We rejoice over that. Oh yeah. But but what are the ramifications? So, one of the quotes I'll just refer to here. I decided on purpose not to put it up. I just wanted to read those uh five or so. I think we had five. Brother Brandham talks about in the church age book in the Leodysian age. And it's familiar to us how that the messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10 that he would reveal uh what he what brother Brandham termed as mystery truths. Amen. And he says it, you know, concerning the seven thunders in Revelation 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. That is so easy. I don't want people can't figure that out. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally not metaphorically. No, literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Amen. these mystery truths that we feed on. These mystery truths that aren't that have have um that don't that they're not still mystery to you. Amen. Not because you understand the the the quote memorization or the doctrine or how it aligns. Even sometimes preachers have to go back and study it again. But you understand the mystery of redemption because it's happened to you. And it's changed you from what you were to what you are. And you know it has. You know, an invasion force that invades any country is much more effective. We've known this whenever whenever there's been a war, whenever we've had to occupy a country, when any country has had to do that. If you want to be successful, you can be more more effective as an occupational force if you can win over the hearts and minds of the people. And so these mystery truths are given to set our hearts uh and minds free so that we can live above the the shadows, the deep deep shadows of life. This life is just filled with quandries and questions and conundrums and sadness and sorrow and we and we're interspersed with some times of happiness and joy and we have plenty of those and we we're always maneuvering to try to get as many happy moments as we can. Try as you might run as hard as you want, make as much money as you can put in a bank, you're still going to be a few days and full of trouble. Amen. There's something in a believer that says, "I got to do more than just than just be a red carpet person in this life." If that's all there is, no wonder they commit suicide. No wonder they they kill themselves at in their mid-50s with drugs and fast living. No wonder those kinds of things happen to them because they're trying to satisfy a crave. They're trying to spend money to satisfy a crave that you got for free and that you stand here and sit here tonight and rejoice in. Like Job, I know my redeemer liveth. Oh, what a joy that is. What a consolation to know. Job, in spite of all of his trouble, he he settled. He said, "But at least I know my redeemer liveth." In other words, I know this can't last. This too shall pass. I my future is bright no matter what the devil can throw at me here. Amen. So we have these mystery truths to set our hearts and our minds free to lift us up above the shadows. So the ramifications for our daily lives. I think that these quotes were a part of God. We've been given a name change. We're part of his program. We're part of his three-fold mystery. We're part of his godhead. You know, uh, you know, I when I when I think about it is I I said to myself today, what are the ramifications of my life realizing those things are true? Or at least how can I live in alignment with these truths? Yes. Amen. Because I may not really know everything I should do or the direction. And I don't even know what's going to happen tomorrow. But let me just say, Lord God, help me to be align my life with these mystery truths because these mystery truths are what is literally going to turn me back. I can't tell you what your day holds tomorrow. I can't tell you what challenges you might face tomorrow. And I I won't be there alongside you to pat you on the back and encourage you, but I but I can help you right now. I can help you right now if you want to be helped right now. Would you like to be helped this evening? Would you be willing? Are you willing when you come to church, are you willing to open up your mind to the teaching of God's word? Are you willing to open up your heart to the Holy Ghost and let him Can I say it like this? Not to insult you, but let him teach you about life. Let him teach you what life really is and how it should really be lived. Let him teach you about your life. There's lots of questions you have, questions you would never even tell me you got. And I got questions about my life. Why this? Why that? How about this? How about that? What about this? What's going on? I I got those questions. I'm a human. I'm a mortal. Same as you. But I I know I'm connected to some source that has the answers. And I trust him. I trust him. Yes, I can help you right now to be ready for tomorrow or any day afterward there or any challenge that Satan can throw at you and he will or at least he will try. So, brother Brandon was talking about there in our first quote, a man being born again, just think about that, becomes a part of God. He's just as eternal as God is eternal. I mean that just that is just an unbreakable identity. When you realize that I like Jesus, I came from God. I go back to God. That is an unbreakable identity that if you are born again, if you're born again, then your identity is not temporary. Amen. In fact, is the last thing that your identity that you are now is temporary. Amen. humanity. When you're born of a woman, you're temporary. Amen. You've got a shelf life. You've got a date that every man, there's already in God's mind a tombstone with your name and the date you expired. You understand? But when you're born of God, you're no longer temporary. You are you're still a human being, but you realize you have a divine origin. You're part of God. You're sharing actually already sharing. I'm not waiting to share it. I'm already sharing his life. You know, it is it is often said and true to a degree that we should uh allow neither our failures or our personal failures or personal trauma. We all have him. Oh yeah. Amen. And that, you know, we're encouraged never to let those episodes of trauma in our life or those personal failures in our life. We're always told, don't let that define you. And that's good advice. Don't let that define you. My failure is not does not define me. I've had plenty of failures. I'm glad it doesn't define me. I'm glad I'm a better person than my failures. That's why David said to the Lord, "Don't judge me by my works. Don't define me by my failures. I don't have a chance if you do that. judge me by my heart that loves you. But it can be very helpful psychologically. But but but hey, you know, the truth of the matter is it's often easier said than done uh to prevent these kinds of things uh from flowing into our self-esteem or creeping into our mental outlook about life. Am I wrong? See, but I want to say to you tonight that even if that is true and even if you have already allowed those dangerous effects to define you, could I suggest something to you tonight that could literally redefine who you are? Oh, that I want you to see that there's an awareness. I I know this I know this by experience that yes, I've had plenty of failures as have we all. But I also am aware that there is a faith in the word that is deep in my heart that I know is is just simply beyond me. And I don't know how to say it plainer. There's a faith in the word that's just beyond me. And my and my failures should creep in and define me. and my trauma should creep in and define me. But it doesn't define me. I've been redefined by the word of God. That's right. Amen. When I read brother Brandham saying from communion, but yet all at once I looked up and I said, I'm not the son of Charles and Ella Brandom, there's something calling me. I'm here to tell you something, friends. I realize that I'm I'm not just a sinner trying to do better. That I'm actually a firstborn son of God Almighty. Amen. I it it those those things don't define me. I'm not a sinner trying to do better. That's not why I'm a Christian. That's not why I'm a church at church. That's not why I follow Jesus. I do more than just admire his fine qualities. I'm not just trying to imitate his fine qualities. There's something more that I see about myself that my life is a continuation of Christ on the earth. Again, you say with your failures, you can think that I'm not defined by my failures. I'm defined by my faith in the word. Amen. I realize that I'm connected to the divine. I realize Hallelujah. Oh, I realize that I'm living from a source like you and I. We're living from a source. It's connected somewhere to a source beyond this world. Amen. I say that very truthfully. There's no way that I could I don't think any of us could I don't think any of us could hope. I know David didn't hope based on his works he could make it. I know that every time, you know, when when Jesus made himself known and Peter caught who he was, you know, Peter didn't he wasn't interested in, you know, being a a follower. He said, "Lord, go away from me. I I don't even feel like I can be around a man as holy as you. Just go away from me. I'm a sinful man." But you see, Jesus saw a alltogether different person than Peter saw. Amen. When Peter looked in the water and saw his reflection, Jesus saw all together different different Peter. Do you realize tonight there's a whole different version of you that one of these days you're going to step into it? You're going to step into it, friends. There's nothing the devil can do to stop it. There's a confidence in in the security of the believer because eternal life is not a it's not a a a future reward. It's not it's I mean it is I suppose we could look at it like that, but it's more than just a a future reward. Eternal life to me is a present reality. I'm already part of the resurrection. Just as Jesus was saying, I am the resurrection. So, we're able to live daily with the assurance. We're able to live a life that doesn't fear death. I don't fear I don't fear judgment. And I and I and let me just say this. I don't live in fear of failure. Amen. I I I don't serve God because I don't want to go to hell. Brother Brandham said, you say, "Oh, I don't want to go go to hell." Brother said, "Of course you don't want to go to hell." But that's not why you serve God. I'm so glad tonight it's not fear-based. I'm not here because of fear I'll miss a rapture or fear that I'm going to go to hell. I don't serve God because of that. I'm I'm bound by the chains of love. And I'm and I'm happy and I don't need rescuing and I don't need anyone uh to to to set me free. I'm happily bound to this one. Amen. I'm called to reflect his nature. Being a part of God demands conduct worthy of his nature. Do you agree? Four of you. Four of you. Being a part of God demands conduct worthy of his nature. Do you agree? Truthfulness, holiness, love, patience. Uh if anything is is true, I suppose about this sermon, I I I I tried to to say what is the most what is the kernel of this sermon tonight? And that would be that if there's I I if anything is true is that we represent his life in heaven on earth. Amen. Amen. Did you catch that? We are here as representatives of his life in heaven, but we're on earth. See, because Jesus isn't coming back to earth again until it's in the latter part of the tribulation. So, the world will never see him put his foot on this earth again. when he ascended 20 centuries ago, they will never see him again walking this earth until it's the latter part stages of the tribulation period. And by then, it's way too late. So, who is reflecting his light that's in heaven now? If it's not his bride? Amen. If not you, who? Why don't you just say that? Let's say that to yourself. If not me, then who? If I'm not going to serve him, who will? Lord, you know, have they not heard? Yay, their sound went into all the earth, but with many of them he was not well pleased. But I want to be pleasing. I don't want to even let that pass you by without deeply thinking about it. Friends, be before I move to the next category, I don't want to just pass that over. I want you to really deeply take that in tonight to your soul. And if you only leave with that, then you've left with the kernel of my thought. Is that we are here to represent his life that's there, but we got to represent it here. And does my life it's it it rolls off of our tongue too easy because it's a title to brother Brandham's sermon. Is your life worthy of the gospel? And a lot of times when we say those words, we're just quoting a sermon title. But stop quoting the sermon title. look at yourself in the mirror and ask you the question, "Hey, you, is your life worthy of the gospel?" We preach because it's part of his program. Gives me a purpose. It gives me a participation. It it it's my life in God's redemptive plan. And and although that although that he knows everything and and and he he but he uses human instruments, I I didn't come up with that idea for me to be a preacher. I didn't come up with the idea in fact is humanly speaking I agree with the Bible. I call it the foolishness of preaching. That a less than perfect man is trying to perfect less than perfect people. Amen. I I've never figured that one out. But I'm called to speak. I'm called to labor. I'm called to influence others. And I want to say this, friends. Th this is the part that Satan attacks in mass. Amen. Because I it's not just about preaching in a pullpit. Your life is a sermon. Yeah, you're just as much responsible to God to preach the gospel through your life as I am in a pullpit. My pullpit ministry is God's tool to rightly divide the word of truth through a divine gift. But your duty takes it from there and lives it so that when people who never come hear me preach hear me preach when they see you and they know you, they know they can't deny. Can could would people be hardpressed to believe William Brandham was a false prophet if they knew you? Come on. I think they should be. That's right. I think they should feel very hardressed to believe that he was false if they know me. Amen. If they know that it's that it's that ministry that I have fed on my whole life since a boy. And if my character doesn't testify, Jesus said, "If you don't believe me, believe the works." They testify of me. See, so this is so you can imagine it shouldn't surprise you that Satan would attack that that that that display of the truth. Amen. You know, it's it's just like Iran's strategy to overwhelm Israel's missile defense system. Not trying to go political tonight. I'm just saying you you're familiar with it. It's in the headlines. And so Israel has four or five different kinds of defensive systems. David Sling and they got a whole bunch of different names for them. They shoot missiles to kill a missile. And and and so Iran just says, "We'll just send so many it. They'll they'll knock down, you know, we'll send a hundred and they'll knock down 90, but 10 will get through. We'll send a thousand and they'll knock down 900, but a 100 will get through." And so that's exactly what the what the devil does with with his ballistic missiles and his rockets and his kamicazi drones. And then he's got all kinds of proxies in your life perfectly positioned to bomb you all at once. He sends missile after missile. He sends work missiles, uh, kamicazi career drones. He sent, you know, he he's got he's got every possible way uh program. He'll he he's got he's got missiles aimed at educational programs. Come on, say amen. Every new opportunity that you just can't pass up on. Amen. Social media interaction missiles, social social public interaction missiles, entertainment missile after entertainment missile after entertainment missile after entertainment missile until he has until he has set fire to every block of your time that you needed to get close to God and burned it to the ground. and you collapse in the bed and go the next day at the same pace and you fall into church on a Sunday and maybe you might make it for a Wednesday and but even if you do uh he he's he's taking Monday and Tuesday and Thursday and Friday and Saturday with missile and drone and missile and drone and the you got I'm here to tell you something friends you're going to need more than a man-made defense. You're going to need a supernatural hand that can fend all of that off and keep you on fire for the Lord. Amen. But you've got to be a participant in it. Yes. Amen. Come on. I don't preach because uh I I preach to serve as a witness. So it's not I I'm I mean I'm a preacher that has been told go preach with no guaranteed results. Imagine that. Imagine if that was your life and the Lord said and called you from a young boy and said someday you'll preach the gospel. How many how how much success will I have? Lord, I don't call you to be successful. I call you to be faithful. Amen. Well, surely I can count on the fact that No, you can't. You can only count on me. You can only count on my word. I just need you to serve me. I just need you to go forward. I need you to dedicate your life. I'll take care of all the rest. You just walk forward. Just keep going forward. Just keep trusting you and I'll reward you at the end. I never promised it'd be easy. I promise you it'll be worth it. Amen. It's my assignment. It's not an achievement. If I if I fill this church up and we tripled the size of it and I filled that up, it has nothing to do with me. Preaching and winning souls to Christ is not an achievement, preachers, it's a it's not an achievement. It's an assignment. See, the harvest is ripe. And and and when the when when I hear Jesus saying the harvest isn't planted, the harvest isn't growing. When this gospel has been preached to all the world, the harvest is ripe. That that tells me it's urgent. Get out there. Be a laborer in the field. We don't have much time left. I'm here to tell you something, friends. We never expected to be in 2025. And if we're here next year, it'll be another year we didn't expect. I just say, Lord, with whatever time we have, I know it can't be much, but let me run it hard. Let me run it fast. Let me be a hot. Let me be a Let me be a a ministry of the morning star to the world. Amen. We're partners. As brother Brandham said, he put his name in Abraham, made him a partner with him. I got to close. It's okay. Uh I'm going to carry on Sunday. But he put a part I'm going to stop right here for tonight. He put a part of his name in Abram. Do you know that according to the Jewish rabbis that and I've got I've got the sources. I'm not even sure I could pronounce half of them. I probably need Jason here to help me. But but according to all the rabbitical commentary on the and the Torah on all the books of Moses and all the laws of the prophets that were recorded in the Old Testament, they all had this one common rule and that is that when God put a part of his name in Abram, that the Hebrew word that brother Brandon was referring to, brother Brandon was trying to get the theological world to understand that they said it was the exact same Hebrew word that God used in creation. The very the very the very substance of creation. God was adding his creation, his creativeness to Abram. Amen. because he was going to have to do something that wasn't possible for him. It was going to take some part of God to get it done. You've got a mission you cannot complete. But you've got an element of almighty God that he's placed in you. It's the very element Jesus was talking about when he gave the parable there in Matthew 13, I think it is, where the sewer went forth to sew and he swed the the wheat and then he went away and then an enemy came in and swed the tears. You remember that parable? And they asked Jesus, "What's the interpretation?" He said, "It's easy. The the field is the world. The sewer of the good seed is the son of man. The wheat are the children of the kingdom. The sewer of the weeds is the devil. And the and the and the the the ones that come from that are the children of the devil." Yeah. And and so so you you'd be you can't believe the the the deer in the headlights look that when I was sitting there in that steakhouse all them years ago with our Baptist antagonist, we had to have a public meeting down here at the university just to settle the matter. And finally they started leaving us alone. And when I'm trying to explain to him about the gene of God and the life of God and he said, "Are you mean to try to tell me that there are people in this world who are children of God and people in this world who are children of the devil?" And he was ridiculing that. And I said, "Well, no, I don't teach that. I'm just saying that Jesus taught that." And he I said, "That's not my teaching. That's the teaching of Christ." He said, "Jesus never taught that." And I just grabbed his Bible because I didn't have one. I flipped it over to Matthew 13 and the the the the ser of the good seed is the son of man and the weed are the children of the kingdom and the sewer of the weeds is the devil and he's got children of his kingdom and you know and and and so it wasn't a struggle for me and and it's and it's not like oh I'm in you're out it's not nothing like that it's that I have come to a recognition that I would I would like to be able to transmit to you I'm hoping that you'll open your mind and your heart to say God loves you. What's more than just Jesus loves me. This I know for the Bible tells me so. You can be you can have an intrinsic reality. You can be a living experience. The ministry of the morning star was so that the word could become flesh again and from that hour. So, so when when Jesus is talking about those seeds that get sown and grow the children of the kingdom, that's a direct correlation to the Old Testament of God putting a part of his creation identity into Abra into Abram and now called his name Abraham. And according to all the Jewish rabbis, it became from that hour unlawful to ever call him Abram again. No matter how much he stumbled, and he did. Even after he got a name change, he still had issues. But it was never allowed to call him Abram again. That life and that identity was gone. And it was, as far as God was concerned, illegal. No prophet ever called him that again. It was illegal to do that. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. Once you got a name change and became Mrs. Jesus Christ. It is illegal for Satan to ever refer to you to God as the same person you used to be. And the Lord says that is not that person anymore. The record you've got is a person that no longer exists. Hallelujah. I'm a new creation. Amen. Oh, let's stand to our feet, friends. I sorry I ran out of time tonight, but I I just didn't want to go over it so quickly that we missed it. And I I'll continue on uh Sunday, but I I just wanted to come with this tonight just so that we could begin to so that so that Sunday we don't get into such a upper atmosphere along the edge of the atmosphere altitude that we don't realize we lose sight of the fact that we're not here to with just wow factor. It is true that you're going to hear from any message pullpit. You're going to hear things you don't you don't you're guaranteed not to hear in the average Sunday morning pullpit. But it's not for the sake of that, right? It's for the sake of making you a new creation. The word has creative power. It's not just doctrine. It's it's a living essence that when the mystery truths are unfolded to you and you believe them and begin to begin to not just believe them, but begin to live by them. Did you know that's what it means to really eat the word of God is when you start living by it, you become the living word. Every engine has to have intake and exhaust. You've got to you've got to have an intake and and an outflow to the world. A lot of times people's engines don't run very good because outflow is blocked up. Amen. Cadillac converters get plugged up and they the car the engine can't exhaust. People can't witness. They never witness. So then they don't want to witness and and they don't want to stand out. People get embarrassed over the message of the hour. When it's eternal life and you're you're trying to get a world that's doomed and you're embarrassed over it, friends, you're you're the only hope the dark world has. Jesus ain't coming back to see them or correct them until it's too late. He's got you here for that right now. You accept it? Amen. Amen. Amen. What song are you going to sing, Anthony? Uh uh let me switch you up. Can I switch you up? Um brother Andrew, let's go with uh I feel the pull. Brother Paula Fontaine's song, I feel the pull. Amen. Come on and gather. It's already um 22 minutes till I feel the pull. Let's sing that. I feel the I hear I hear the call. [Music] And I know And I know his spirit. Oh, it's moving me to give to give my all. He speaks to me. Oh, do you agree tonight? And I [Music] Lord please come take control. I feel the the poor. I feel the poor once more. I feel the voice. I hear the call. And I know his spirit move to give my my all. Yes, Lord. My all. my own. He speaks to me. Oh granite Lord speak to us tonight Lord and I [Music] Lord please Lord please come and take control. [Music] Amen. And we have um Sister Jean has an unspoken prayer request tonight. Very dear to her heart. Sister Rachel has an unspoken request tonight. Uh close to her heart. Uh baby Miles is sick. Been sick for a couple days. Uh also, Sister Christina, Brother Michael Curtis was uh sending in that little Christina. She's had a cough and lots of congestion. Um and um those were the four that we had. Sister Jean, Sister Rachel with Unspoken, Sister Deborah for Miles, and uh Brother Micah for Sister Christina. Amen. I don't have any other requests. Join with somebody standing near you. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Lord God, we thank you tonight. Father, I thank you for the blessing of being able to preach your word. I'm grateful to you, Lord. So tired in body and mind today, but Lord, you were faithful. I ask you before stepping onto the platform, Lord, you'd have to take it. And you you knew the the shape my mind and my body was in physically, just weary and tired from preaching and traveling, coming home from overseas. Lord, I can testify from the moment we read the scripture. I immediately felt the surge of the Holy Spirit. Lord, it began to anoint me. I almost wanted to preach from the very text we read and ignore my notes. So strong was your anointing here, Lord. Now, you've delivered the word that you wanted delivered tonight. Not the word that I wanted to to deliver, but you the word you wanted to deliver. And I'm sorry I couldn't get it finished. We'll carry on Sunday. If there's a Sunday, Lord, in our future, we'll carry on. Father, we we look for the coming of the Lord. As brother Brandham said, I I look for him daily. I'm always watching the eastern sky. Lord, I'm not looking for some new revival to sweep the earth. We've got the last revival the gentile world will see before the bride goes home. So Lord, I'm asking tonight that the word that was preached be effectual in the people's lives. May they go from here tonight, Lord, and think deeply on the and and ponder for hours, Lord. And tomorrow, I won't be with them. Whatever they'll face, may they ponder the challenges that they heard in the word of God tonight. I commit it to you, Lord. I commit the needs, Father. Sister Jean and Sister Rachel have unspoken requests that you know all too well what they are, Lord. And I know one of them and the other I'm I don't know. But Father, you know them very well, Lord God. And I pray that that you will see to these needs, Lord. We call out uh Brother Miles and Sister Christina before you right now, Lord. And we ask in the name of Jesus Christ that they be healed. Lord, defeat this sickness, Lord, that has has affected the home of Brother Travis and Sister Deborah. Lord, may you eradicate it, Father. It's a a time and lots of new babies coming. And Lord, we're just praying for strength and mercy and health in our homes and in their lives. We commit these things into your capable hands. Lord, be merciful to us. Help us tomorrow, Lord, in the days to come that we might realize, Lord. I pray tonight that Lord, those who were perhaps listening on the stream, Lord, and even the comments I I made about people who should have been here, could have been here. I don't say that to be rude, Lord. You know my heart. But the but but correction begins at the house of the Lord. It's only out of concern and love that I say these things, Lord. They're not said in a harsh way. Not from my heart. I don't mean it like that, Lord. I love these people and I I I I we love you, Lord. And we are so grateful for your word. We just want we just ask you to help us to be that word. Lord, help us to allow ourselves we get ourselves out of the way and not be such victims to all of Satan's missiles and his kamicazi drones and they pile in on our lives and burn up all of our time, Lord, that we could spend drawing close to you. No wonder we live sometimes at distance from you. We don't mean to be that way, but we find ourselves too often that way. Help us, Lord. Help us, I pray. We commit it to you in Jesus name. I feel the pull. I feel the [Music] Oh, I hear you. Oh, don't you love that call tonight? And I know his move in me to give my all. He speaks to me. He speaks to me. Oh, and I I agree. I agree. How many want to raise a hand? Say, Lord, I agree with all your words. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Anybody got a testimony tonight before we go? But John, Amen. I just want to thank the Lord. I had a sinus I started having a sinus infection a couple weeks ago and it started out in my left ear and um I think we had stayed home that Wednesday or something. Anyway, I we just prayed and rebuked the devil and and a couple days later that went away. And then the weekend come and I started getting it right here in my right eye. So we come up for prayer and u brother Jason pray for us and and uh I realized later that Sunday it was gone. Well, guess what? Monday morning it's like, "Oh, you want to try to come back?" I was like, "Nuh-uh. You're out of here, Satan. You're a liar." Amen. And he tried to stick around. Tried to tried to get back. More missiles. No, he's gone. Yeah. So, thank the Lord. Praise the Lord. Anybody else tonight? All right. Right behind you to Right. Right behind Sister Alyssa. Amen. I just want to thank the Lord for healing Nicole's cat. She's raised this cat from a kitten. She actually bottlefed it. Um, and she believes the cat got a UTI, but it wasn't doing very well. and she'd had given it medicine and, you know, done all the things that were recommended and still wasn't getting better. And she called me um and she asked us to pray and we prayed and the cat's perfectly fine. Actually better than it's ever been. So, thank the Lord. Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Anybody else? Amen. while I was uh I got a little testimony when I was uh over uh in Poland and I've noticed that you remember the uh 2-year battle I fought with that shingles infection inside my right eye and uh the Lord got me through all of that and it's been wonderful for many months and uh a lot of the medication I had to take for two years was pretty strong so it left this right eye a little dry so I'm I have to use natural tears moisturizer more often now. But you know, you do that as you're aging anyway. Devil's still a liar anyway. But uh but I've but uh so I realized that when I become um overly exhausted or overly or overly exerted and uh traveling to Poland and keeping up with two teenage girls is exhausting and overly exerting and then preaching and then flying and then traveling and then chasing two girls constantly. And uh and and so I I I went to bed Saturday night there and I woke up Sunday. Um and I felt a a fresh outbreak of that shingles and it always starts up here on my head. It feels like a tender spot that I can't touch about that big around. And I was able to raise my hairline back and I could see the blistering. And I just said, "Lord Jesus." And I called Sister Debbie and I said, "Honey, I want you to pray for me. I just want you to pray because here's what's happening and I want you to pray." And I was going to have actually have brother Matt lay hands on me. I didn't actually get around to doing that because by the next day it was already down to like went from like a um a half dollar down to like a dime and then from a dime down to a dot and then by yesterday it was completely gone. And I'm perfectly fine today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Changes everything. Turn around and shake hands with somebody standing near you. Say, "God bless you." Amen. A greeting in the name of the Lord. We'll see you this Sunday. God bless you. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] Lord, please come take control. I feel the pull. [Music] I feel the feel. I hear the call. I hear the call. And I know his fears moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. He speaks to me and I agree. I agree. Lord, please come. Take control. I feel the B. I feel the I hear the call. Hear the call. And I know his spirit with me to give my all. He speaks to me to me. And I agree. [Music] Lord, please come take control. I feel [Music]
