################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-02-05 - 250205 - Jason Watkins Abiding In Christ Pt. 7 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-02-05
Title:   250205 - Jason Watkins: Abiding In Christ Pt. 7
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc-tzX6S3Bs
========================================

I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to [Music] worship you. Oh my soul rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Let's sing it again. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to earthship you oh my soul rejoice take joy my [Music] And what you hear, may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Amen. And let's sing. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my [Music] king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Well, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, my [Music] In what you hear may be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. Brother Luther, if you come sing, I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you [Music] hear may be a sweet sweet sound in your ears. [Music] So looking forward to just fellowshipping, communing with you this evening, Lord, forgetting all the things of this life, especially myself, looking to you, the author and finisher of my faith, somewhere along that path I am today. And I pray that you just help me to continue in the fight. Father, pray that you would bless those that are gathered, bless those that are streaming, Lord. Where would we be without you, Father? But Lord, with you, we can do all things. We thank you for the joy and the peace and the victory that comes with serving you, with walking in the Holy Spirit. Lord, pray that you bless your people, Father. Bless the tithes and offerings, Lord. May it be a sweet sound in your ear this evening. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand [Applause] tonight. Sing, I bless your name. Amen. We'll start with the chorus [Music] there. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor, give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the [Music] way. I bless your [Applause] name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. If you should find you're in a [Music] prison in your mind. Reach out and pray. [Music] defy those [Music] chains and they will [Music] fall in Jesus name. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your [Music] name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the [Music] way. I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name. Can you make an F? [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Say, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Well, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run [Music] into and they are sing. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run [Music] into and they all say everybody I've seen. Blessed be the name. Blessed be say blessed be. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Everybody say blessed be blessed be oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. One more time sing blessed [Music] be blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh high. One more time. Blessed be his name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Say blessed be the name of Lord most high. Say blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord most high. In the name of the Lord [Music] say a strong tower the righteous run to and they are [Music] safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. Glory to the name of the Lord. Sing. Glory to the name of the Lord. Glory to the name of the Lord. Oh, glory to the name of Lord most high. Say, "Glory to name of the Lord." Glory to the name of the Lord. Oh, glory to the name of the Lord most high. Amen. You may be seated. We can't see. [Music] Amen. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it have in store, I will praise the Lord. One more time. Sing, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the [Music] Lord. Amen. We have a request for Sister Faith. Sister Analise to give us a song. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Amen. [Music] I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never been before. [Music] No sad goodbyes will there be spoken for time won't matter anymore you the land. I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday only I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. Beautiful land. Sweep the land. I'm looking now. across the river to where my faith season end. There's just a few more days to [Music] labor. Then I'll take my heavenly flight. You are [Music] I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll [Music] stay there. My hope shall be eternal. Buy the land. [Applause] Amen. I want to sing that a little bit more. I'll praise the Lord, the key of C. Amen. [Music] Let's take a few minutes and just worship the Lord. Amen. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Say, I will praise you, Lord. I will praise you, Lord. Lord, I will praise you Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings, what it have in store, I will praise you, Lord. Sing, I will praise the Lord. I will praise you. I will praise you. I will praise you. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Let's just raise our hands to the Lord and sing. Lord, I will praise the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Say, "I will praise the Lord no matter no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. I will praise the [Music] Lord." Amen. How many's ready for the word tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. Give me the key of G. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of this. Is my desire to honor you. This is my desire to honor you. Lord with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within [Music] me, I give you [Applause] praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment, every moment I'm Lord have Lord have your way. One more time. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away. Yes, Lord. Have your way. Lord Jesus, tonight that's our great desire. Lord, above all things that you would have your perfect will, your perfect way. Lord, we realize that you are here in our midst tonight and we have come and prepared our hearts now, Lord, the singing, the worship, and now comes the ministry of the word. I pray, Father, that you will take great glory to your name. Your name is worth so much and worthy of so much glory. Father, may we do our little part tonight, Father. each and every one of us. As the Bible says, every joint, every piece, every part of the body supplies an energy to the whole body. So Lord, may we put in our part tonight. May we be in service to you. Give us hearing hearts tonight. Bless both speaker and hearer. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You love the Lord. Amen. Praise God. We're going to invite you to Luke chapter 4 tonight. Amen. and sure enjoyed those special stinging. Amen. So, it was sure special. We had uh Sister Faith and we had Sister Anna. So, now that Sister Anna has a that'll be like the first of many. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, um Amen. Since Gideon has agreed to sing with her and we'll uh we'll definitely Amen. Praise the Lord. All right, St. Luke chapter 4. We're going to continue tonight the the Lord willing in our series. And I'm just been before the Lord asking him what all he wanted to try to include tonight. There's again more than we can get to. And I I can see it transitioning into another thought, but I think tonight we'll need to cover this and then we'll see how it goes on Sunday. Amen. And we may get like the last half of a sermon and then switch to another one. Amen. But it'll it'll all flow. Don't worry. It'll all come together. Comes together. Beautiful in my mind. If I can just get it to my lips the way it's in my mind. Amen. We'll have a good time in the word. Don't you love the word of God? My It's just so thrilling to me. I just call it delicious. It gets delicious. Amen. I get I start slobbering over the word of God. I love it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Nothing like it. Luke chapter 4. Tonight be our seventh installment in abiding in Christ. Luke chapter 4, we're going to catch it. Catch verses 14- 23. Luke 4:14-23. And Jesus returned in the power of the spirit into Galilee. Amen. And there went out a fame of him through all the region round about. And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Verse 16. And he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and stood up for to read. There was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written. The spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised. Amen. And he began to say unto them, I'm sorry, verse 19, uh verse 19, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." And all bear him witness and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. Amen. And they said, "Is not this Joseph's son?" And he said unto them, "Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, physician, heal thyself. Whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in thy country. I want to take a subtitle tonight. Physician heal thyself. Father, we thank you for your word. I pray now that Lord you will let it ring true Lord in our hearts. give us the spiritual hearing and the spiritual insight that we need, Lord. Even even just in the back office, I can hardly keep up with your anointing as you continue to add, Lord, to the thought for tonight. So, I trusting that we have it all set out in order, but of course, Lord, I stand ready for you to take it over and go in whatever direction you choose and however you want it said. Lord, I've been at this long enough to recognize that when it happens. And Lord, it's no problem with me at all if that's what you want to do. We just give it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Now, I'm not using a PowerPoint tonight intentionally. Um, I only have, I think, two quotes I want to read here. And one of them is this the quote near the end of Sunday service that we read of uh the South African pastor from the 19th century Andrew Murray as I said to you on Sunday. Uh many people think that he was Scottish and that's only because he was educated there but he was actually South African was educated there in Scotland and then also some in in some of the other in Denmark I think one of the other countries. uh he makes this statement and I said to you Sunday that it was the power of this single paragraph from which exploded now what is tonight seven installments to this series and what will in all likelihood be an eighth portion this coming Sunday all from just this one paragraph. So, it's been quite a journey for me going through the scriptures and bringing everything a prophet said over these last we started on it in December of last year and then um I took my vacation first couple weeks in January and now we're back to it. So, Murray says it like this and I want you I'm not going to put it up because we put it up Sunday, but I want you just to listen to these words. How is it now? He's referencing the rest. Jesus says, "Come unto me." We've read it and read it. All ye that are weary, heavy laden. I will give you rest. See, and then he goes and he starts talking about, you know, take my yoke upon you. Uh for my for my yoke is easy and my burden is light and ye shall find and we pointed that out to you. Not only will he give, but ye shall find rest to your souls. And so we've been emphasizing how that it was a second uh level or or what I would like to call tonight uh and maybe I've called it this before but tonight for sure next level rest because there is a rest that comes to the soul when you have passed from death to life and you have come into into the new birth. You've crossed into the promised land. uh you're you're you're resting as Paul said that the rest meant the Holy Ghost uh because Paul goes points back to Joshua and he says if crossing into Canaan's land was the rest promised to Israel then why did Joshua speak of another rest coming and so so we realize then that Paul says there was indeed yet a rest and that has come in the Holy Ghost because when they passed into Canaan's plan. That wasn't the long awaited Holy Ghost. That was just representative of the Holy Ghost. But the real rest of the soul for the family of God is to be brought back into fellowship by redemption. Amen. Amen. We've been teaching on this. You should be well acquainted with it by now. And so, but then but then Jesus goes on to say how that that that you know, and we've been connecting it to St. John 15, abide because now not only do you come to him weary for rest, but now you take his yoke upon you and not only shall he give, but you shall find rest. And so now we're realizing that this connects then to this abiding because Jesus is speaking to his disciples, to his church who have already believed on him and would soon not too long be in the upper room receiving the very Holy Ghost that he uh in in a in a in a in a precursor to the baptism breathed upon them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." And so we realize that he described it that when it comes, it'll be inside you like a well of water springing up. Now, that ought to inform your thinking that the new birth is a gene of God coming to life because it's in you, an artisian well springing up. So, we've learned more than what Isuza taught us. Isuza taught us that something comes upon us, and that's true. It does. But we realize that the new birth is more something that comes from within us than just something that comes upon us. Many people have the Holy Ghost come upon them. But it but it has to be by election that there's a gene of God and that's what brother Brandham called in multiple places to omnipotence met. Amen. See, so now we're at this next tier, this next level rest. And I've been stressing to you the necessity of it in this dark and wicked hour that we live in. I want to I want to double down on that tonight because because Sunday we're moving in in a in a fresh direction. I don't even know if I will if it'll be a part eight. I'll see to see how I feel after tonight. But I I want to begin to place us in prophecy. Where are we in prophecy in January 2025? Amen. And I I I think it's something that we ought to look into because brother Brandon preached and it's a sermon that I believe that ministers and particularly pastors ought to preach ever so ever so often. And that is modern events made clear by prophecy. You need to know what the modern events you see pretend. You need to understand what they mean, not only to the world, but to you. Cuz I promise you, they mean something totally different to you than to the world. We were looking and on Sunday and we found that Jesus was uh just full of doom and gloom telling the world what would come upon the earth and it would be roaring, waves roaring and perplexity of time. And it was right as we pointed out to you Sunday, right in that time that Jesus said, "Now that's terrible for the world." But to you, when you see that, look up. Your redemption draweth nigh. Amen. So this next level rest is where you're going to need to be if you're going to overcome the wickedness of this impossible day. This next level rest is where you're going to need to live if you intend to operate third pull power in your life. and I give you my word and the word of the scripture, you and your family and your children and your children's children are going to need access to the third pull. It's the only thing that'll defend you in this day. You'll never survive it living off the glow of another age. Murray says, "How is it that the rest you at times enjoy is so often lost?" Now, he's not referring to losing your salvation. He's referring to sometimes, you know, we, you remember in in the very first part, the very first installment, and I pointed to you how that, you know, how is it that that that we came to Christ and there was there was such a zeal and such a joy and we we sometimes find oursel disappointed that somehow that abaded and and we we've somehow lost and we long to get back. Boy, I wish I could feel it like I felt it the first time. I'm here to tell you, when you go into this rest, there ain't no first or second time. There's an all the time. Because you've broken into eternity and there's no yesterday. There's no tomorrow. There's no there's no you don't go back because there is no back. You have stepped into the eighth day. You have been changed. Your your soul is sitting together with Christ in heavenly places. You can't backslide. There's no back to backslide to. Amen. It's not linear for you anymore. Hallelujah. So now we're talking about that victory that you need every day because you're born again. Yeah. So now he says, "How is it that the rest you at times enjoy is so often lost? It must have been this. you had not understood how entire surrender to Jesus is the secret of perfect rest. I I'm repeating that to you tonight because I need to hear it again. Oh yeah. I think that this is something if I if I would say personally and I think you would be right there with me to say, you know, brother Jason, I lose sight of that too often and too easy. That it requires daily dying total surrender. That's what applying the token involves. Amen. You had not understood how entire surrender to Jesus is the secret of perfect rest. Giving up one's whole life for him alone to rule and order it. Taking up his yoke. Now if if the world is influencing your life, then then it's not true of you that your whole life is surrendered to him alone to rule. Amen. It's just not not trying to hurt your feelings. I'm just simply telling you, you're never going to enjoy the rest you're entitled to in Christ unless he alone is ruling over every aspect of your life. I'm not saying you go live in a in a commune or go live in the wilderness. You live right here in this world. Jesus sent his disciples out, right? He said, "I'm sending you as sheep among wolves." That's not a new thing. But there is a power that goes with you and there is a fellowship through redemption that you not only have privilege and access to but you have necessity to be connected to very closely. Amen. So giving up one's whole life to him for him alone to rule in order to order it. taking up his yoke and submitting to be led and taught to learn of him, abiding in him, to be and do only what he wills. These are, this is what burned my heart up so much that may the maybe the whole series exploded out of this line. These are the conditions of disciplehip without which there can be no thought of maintaining the rest that was bestowed on first coming to Christ. Amen. Jesus claims the undivided allegiance of the whole heart and life. Now, I don't need volunteers to stand up and tonight and say, you know, uh, you know, I, hi, my name is so and so. I'm a procrastinator. Hi, my name is so and so, and I, you know, I'm not needing that. I'm just needing you to ask yourself the question tonight. Jesus claims the undivided allegiance of the whole heart and life. Is that or is that not true about you? I'm not saying you're not born again. I'm saying you are. That's why this applies to you. Right? See, as I I may have said it, I don't remember. It seemed like I remember saying it Sunday. Maybe I said it just in my prayer, closing prayer. you know that that that that when we when we come to know the Lord that there is there is there is such a knowing such a depth that we've got to go to if we want to have that kind of realization and I do I do I do I want to have that kind of fellowship through redemption. I want to know him in that personal way. So you know it's either true or it's not true. And and and again, I'm not suggesting you're not born again. In fact, is I said to you, I think Sunday you might say to me, "But Pastor Jason, I've already been born again." Wonderful. You're who this series is to. Amen. You're the very one I've been preaching to since December. If that's true about you, Jesus claims the undivided allegiance of the whole heart and life. how there is not a spot in the whole of life over which he does not wish to reign. Now that's the first quote I wanted to give you tonight. I want to give you this one from brother Brandham. I think I read this at the end of Sunday. I want to read it again. Brother Brandham says, "Catch the title, power of transformation." Remember, be not conformed to this world, but be you transformed by the renewing of your mind. How many want to be transformed? You're either transformed or you're conformed. You're not in the middle. There there's no there's no middle ground here. You're either you're either conforming or you're being transformed. Amen. You're either transformed and being transformed more or you're allowing yourself to conform. So, brother Brandham says in the message power of transformation and he you remember he talked about how the world the earth was brought out of chaos and and a void. Remember it was void and darkness covered the face of the deep and brother Brandham describes what we read in our Bibles void and darkness covered the face of the deep and brother Brandham calls it chaos. Yes. Amen. Nature was in chaos. And he starts talking about how that the word of God brought it and fixed that. And so now he's bringing that to you and I. We were born in chaos. Our lives were void. I don't care what you have accomplished. I don't care how many degrees you'll ever hang on your wall. You might have more letters following your name than are in my entire name. But if you if Christ is not the king of your life, you're living void. Your life is just void. It'll equal zero at the end. And everything that you pursue and chase will burn to the ground. And and you may escape with the salvation of your soul. But all the opportunities we miss, the needless pain we bear, as the song says, all because we do not bring everything to God in prayer. Brother Brandham says that's how we're transformed, speaking of a comparison to the world. That's how we're transformed by God's word. When God said, "Let there be light." And that mass of creation out there come over in around the sun and began to revolve around the sun and became a garden of Eden because why did it why did the the chaotic void darkcovered earth how did it become a garden of Eden? Because it obeyed the word of God. Amen. Nothing more. That's all it took. It obeyed the word of God and became a garden of Eden. Because it obeyed the word of God, it done the perfect will of God. For it was transformed from chaos into a garden of Eden by the word of God. So the word of God restored the void and the chaos. Amen. You following me? The word of God restored the void and the chaos. Returning, catch that word, returning the earth to a fruitful order. Amen. Because it had previously been and it had went into a chaos perhaps. Brother Brandham said perhaps some previous civilization. He doesn't say a lot about it. And we're not preaching on that and we don't know the answers. Don't get me outside and ask me. I'm telling you all I know now. I can only tell you what he said. And I'm not even sure he fully. Of course, he doesn't. Prophets don't tell the people everything and God don't tell prophets everything. But but but there was a previous order. Now, that's a big point. Hang on to that because this is this because Adam is told, "Be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth." And so, we realize that the word of God restored the void and chaos, returning the earth to a fruitful order. every seed once again once again bringing forth of its kind. So in John 17 uh Jesus says in verses 3:5 and this is life eternal. You can find it uh sister Esther uh St. John 17:3 to5 and this is life eternal. What's life eternal? He's about to tell you that they might know thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom thou has sent. St. John 17 verse4 I have glorified thee on the earth. Now he's talking to the to to his father. I He's in a prayer. I have glorified thee on the earth. I have finished my work which thou gavest me to do. And now, oh father, glorify thou me, with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. Catch it now. He's not a second person because he says, "Glorify me with thine own self." Jesus, knowing that he came from God, went back to God. And when he met Paul, he was back to the pillar of fire. So, we're not confused on this. This is this is where intellectuals get confused and they think it's he's two different people. They lose sight of the fact that Jesus was say he was a man, correct? But he was man plus. See, he was as as a prophet said, he was man plus. He was the God man. He was a he was a unique individual. He was a brand. He was a prototype of what the whole family would become. He's the beginning of the creation of God. God living in human and a human being. And he's going to have a whole kingdom of of himself divided into his whole kingdom. Amen. See, watch. I have glorified thee on the earth. I finished the work which thou gavest me to do. And now, oh father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had. This is so important. With the glory which I had with thee before the world was. Now I would ask you a question tonight. Isn't that what we desire? Just like Jesus to say, "Oh, let the gospel restore me back to whatever I was and whenever it was and wherever it was, whatever I was before now, when I was back there in him. I want the gospel to restore me back to that." See? Amen. So, the gospel restores back to whatever it was. Say, "What what what was our existence?" Well, I don't know. We were in God and his thoughts were real. That's what I can tell you. Amen. Whatever it was, that's what I want to be again. Whatever we were before my life was a void. Before I was born into this chaos and darkness, I say, Lord, glorify me in the glory that I had with you back there before I came broken like this in a broken world. Do you realize that's why the gospel came? That's why that day on Calvary is so important. That's why Jesus had to die for that very reason. So whatever it was, whatever the world was, whatever that previous civilization, whatever previous condition I was in, you know, I a lot of times we have to be very careful because, you know, the the gospel is is not a I it's not a this is not a philosophy class, right? Amen. I'm not here teaching esoteric mysteries like the Gnostics and Gnosticism and and and you know they they think in they get in their their vain philosophy and Paul called it vain philosophy and said prot uh uh thinking that they were wise they presented themselves that way they said that's what they were and professing themselves to be wise they became fools it's a men it's interesting that they became that so that means at one time they weren't just like Paul said there was a when they worship God as the true God, but because they chose not when they knew God. They chose not to worship him. The world is still making that kind of decision. I'm glad that once I knew who he was. I wanted to hang on for dear life. I wanted to be everything like his word. You can't make that happen. That's the grace of God in your life. We are to rejoice every hour and say, "My my eyes see it and I'm a believer." Hallelujah. It's not a philosophy. It's It's not the gospel. The gospel is a right now gospel. Amen. And God wants to have the gospel to have impact in your life in a very meaningful way as you're hearing it. Faith comes by hearing. Today is the day of salvation. Amen. You know they Jesus said to them, you know, he he grew up there in Nazareth and he had started his public ministry in Capernaum and uh you know some commentators uh particularly Jameson Faucet Brown my JFB commentary they they note the angst that that must have caused. You know what what are we chop liver? Why'd you start your public ministry over there? you're one of our homeboys. So, finally Jesus goes back there and they they say, "You know, we've heard about your fame in Capernium." And the whole point is that they're not really believing him. They're daring him. Let's see it. We've heard what you can do. Let's see it. We believe you. No, they wouldn't. He put his hand on a few people and healed them. Say, "Well, he didn't do a whole lot." Well, everybody he prayed for got healed. Can we just say whatever little that he did, 100% of it worked. I don't need There's little is much of God is in it. And all I need is and and if the whole world don't want it, I'll take it. Right? See now so you know he said you'll say to me the parable because it was a parable that's not a scripture. He was using using a parable you know and he said you you'll say to me the old ancient parable physician heal thyself because they you know they they knew brother Brandham showed that that showed that he himself got sick just like the Bible says he wasn't always tempted things that happened to us happened to him and so so we realize he was in every way tempted so Jesus had to have faith for headache and have faith for tiredness and have faith you know he had to operate he was he God was determined to understand how it's going to be for you. This why he's a faithful high priest. Don't ever think he's not. Don't ever think Jesus doesn't know. He knows better than you know he knows and he cares. And so he said you'll say physician heal thyself. Of course we realize that Jesus uh did not need to heal anything beyond his own flesh. I mean, he in his flesh and in his spirit, he was in every way tempted. But what the point I'm making is Jesus didn't need healing of the soul like you do when you're born into the world. You have to be healed. The conversion of the soul, that's that's a form of healing. That's resurrection power. See, and so so fortunately Jesus did not need to heal himself beyond his flesh, which the flesh is the five senses of of this and then the five senses of the spirit. And so it's all those 10 senses that's that makes up your body. And so and so because that we know that because he lived as a man and he he lived the per the perceptive sight of the word. So first of all, he wasn't born in sin. Amen. See, he was God in flesh. If he was not God in flesh, then you know, if if he wasn't a man, then you don't have a kinsman redeemer, right? There'd be a redeemer, but he wouldn't be kin to you because he wasn't a human. See, so when the Gnostics said he wasn't a human, that broke the whole pattern of the gospel. The whole point of him coming to be kin to the human race was to become a human. See, so if he wasn't a man, then you don't have a kinsman. And if he wasn't God, then you're still dead in your sins because only God can forgive sins. So So we realize that he was the worthy he was his he was not only the worthy sacrifice, but he was a worthy sacrifice. He was that lamb that we could never quite offer. you know, man man because man was down here and he was up there and how do we how do we bridge that? I I need a I can't just bring a lamb. I can bring a lamb, but my sin stays on me cuz my the the the lamb is it has no soul. So, it can be a substitute and it can cover over my sin and judgment gets poured over and poured over and suspended. Your your sentence got suspended until Calvary. See, and that's what happened for Israel. God just kept suspending the sentence. And and then because he knew the lamb was coming. And so we realized that no nothing we did. We could never quite find that lamb that was perfect because that would have to come from heaven and man was stuck down here on the earth. I mean, that's the thing Job grappled with. Job said, "If I if I could just find where he lives, Amen." said, "I'd go up and I'd I'd go up on his porch and I'd knock on his door and and he said, "He wouldn't turn me away. He wouldn't he wouldn't reject me. He wouldn't judge me. He would put strength in me. He would help me if I could just if I could just get to where he is." David knew this is brother Brandham said that's what wearied David that David knew he had he had he he had hid God's word in his heart and he he says that and he'd meditated on him night and day. But but David was forever wearied because of his failures. But but the promise the promise to Israel had always been that once the Holy Ghost comes. Yeah. Then no one would what the Bible says no one will have to cross the ocean to go bring him to us. And no one will have to go up to heaven to bring him down because he'll be ny in thy mouth. See? Amen. And so I'm I'm I'm glad that Jesus didn't need healing of the soul or I'd still be without my worthy lamb. Now now now that's that's an an astonishing statement because he said this is what you're going to say about me. Here's a true statement. Physician heal thyself. Well, that's not really a statement that we that we have to say. I should just heal myself. But but there is that was what what would what would be said about him. But you know what is said about you friends that that the bride is the final voice to the final age. Amen. Now that is not um that's not just a compliment. Hey, let me tell you how special you are. You're the final voice to the final age. Oh. Oh, thank you. That feels so good to hear. That's a prophecy that has to be fulfilled in you. Amen. That has to happen in your everyday life in real time. You're And it's not just about you getting up here like me and shouting and screaming and reading a text and preaching a sermon. You're all ministers. Go ye all of you into all the world and demonstrate the gospel to every creature. Amen. So we So the fact that the bride, the Bible says it like this. Here's what the Bible says. The bride hath made herself ready. That's a prophecy that has to be fulfilled. But I want to tell you tonight that she is commissioned to achieve it. And she is being actively conditioned. She's being she's commissioned and she's being conditioned and she's being empowered to say, "I don't feel too empowered." Don't Don't cut short that God's word brought an entire void and chaos into a garden of Eden. I'm here to tell you, your faith in the word of God is more perfect than you realize. And it brought you out of a life of sin and made you love God and changed your whole nature. You think it's not going to get you into a body change? That's the easy part. The part that was the real me was away from God. But that day on Calvary bridged away and now I can come back to know him. So she is commissioned to achieve it. She is being actively uh con commissioned and conditioned. She is being empowered to achieve it. And let me just say this to you tonight in case you need somebody to give you a shot in the arm. She is achieving it. You are achieving it. I don't care how weak you feel. You are achieving it. You're here tonight believing the word. You're achieving it. The power that is connected to you and I. It comes from the word that was not only released in this day, but it was actually anointed from heaven. I think I I read that to you um from testimony. And brother Brandham talks about the word that came down and then there's some anointing that comes down that projects that portion of the word for that age. And so this bride, we know that she cannot be deceived by the spirit of delusion foretold for 2500 years. Amen. that it was coming 500 years back before Christ back back in Isaiah's day and Isaiah 60 arise shine thy light has come for darkness shall cover the whole earth and gross darkness upon the people but arise shine thy light has come shall come to the brightness of thy rising for 2500 years that that was still circling the earth to to be fulfilled at the very last day. And 2500 years of human beings never saw it. The disciples didn't see it. Jesus didn't see it. Luther didn't see it. Wesley didn't see it. Isuza didn't see it. But in this day, we've seen it. And we see it happening in the world today. And I'm here to tell you, you're it. The whole world is to be under darkness and and a gross insanity upon the minds of the people. But there is a people who saw light when it was impossible to see light. Amen. So the bride indeed this unsealed, this anointed, unsealed word of Christ handed down through an earthly angel to a to a people. And so the bride is making herself ready. Amen. So, this word speaks to us. And you you need to get that tonight, friends. Do you believe that there was a real Garden of Eden? Amen. Sure was. Do you believe that it was chaos and darkness and void before that? It sure was. But do you believe it was being restored back before the chaos and the void? And it's being restored back to something perfect. That's what the Garden of Eden is. And that's what your life is about right now. It's being restored. This is why we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us. The word should speak to your heart tonight that you are being transformed. Yeah. Amen. Say, I don't think I can make it. The word, let the word speak to your heart tonight. You are, you will make it and you are making it. Amen. See, so Jesus, you know, could heal himself physically, but then we come and so we have passed from death unto life in the soul and we're rejoicing in that and we rejoice over it. Amen. It's worth rejoicing over every day because you were on your way to a devil's hell and there was nothing you could do. If God had not have had mercy and and the Bible says that when he was on c on the cross in his agony, the Bible says he will see his seed and be satisfied. So in a very real and meaningful way, I was on his mind when he was on the cross. I was on his mind. See, so that's not my problem. The new birth is not my problem. I have long ago passed from death unto life. My problem is this fallen flesh, this fallen spirit. And you know, Jesus said, you know, you'll say, physician, heal thyself. And I I thought as I read that, I said, Lord, I'm glad to have passed from death unto life. I'm glad that my eternal destination is in you. I'm glad my soul is enjoying heavenly places. But what about this unredeemed flesh that's still here? Amen. How do I heal myself of me? Amen. How do I heal myself of me? That's right. Amen. How do I get myself? How do we get ourselves, friends with all the baggage and all the misfortune and things that have happened to us through life? And we've all got our stories we could tell. That's not why we're here tonight. And I'm not here to tell you about my past life and all the baggage that I carry because we here here's the summation of it all. I came into a broken world and a broken system by a broken method and I was broken. I was void and I was dark and I was chaotic. But I wasn't. I hadn't always been that way. Oh, and he's started the redemption process and I'm looking for him. I I I no longer am looking for him to save my soul. I'm looking for him to change this flesh. And the fastest pathway to that while I'm still here, while it's still fallen, I can have victory over it. And I can live on the outside like I love him on the inside. Amen. How do we do it? All the baggage, all the misfortune, all the setups by Satan and the traps that were sprung on us. Amen. Am I speaking to real humans? All the times when and just as soon as I say setups by Satan, we've all been there. All the traps that were sprung on us. We've all been there. Hey, let me tell you something. We've all been here, too. All the times when our own feet ran swift against you. All of it happening in real time as as if that's not bad enough. We're born in the worst of all ages. Yeah. Where Satan is actually the god of the evil age and has had 6,000 years now to perfect his Eden and build his Eden. Oh, in my soul, I have passed from death to life. But how do I heal the rest of me? How do I deal? How do we deal? Friends, let's just be honest tonight. I I'm going to take these last 15, 16 minutes. You good? Yeah. How do we get the rest of us healed? And as Christians, we want it more than anything. I mean, if we weren't born again, we wouldn't care, right? Our nature would be like the world and the world would just be the world and you'd be part of it. People come to church and they don't care. You can preach whatever you want. They don't care because they don't even desire that. But the very fact that I have passed from death to life and now I'm dealing with this old pest house and I say, "How do I get this guy on the outside like the guy on the inside?" Oh my. Do you understand the great secret of abiding in him? Do you understand that this is where that rest comes to where you c you can have rest not only for your souls, but you can learn of him? Amen. Not only will he give, but you shall find rest in the learning and and how Jesus, brother Brandham says, Jesus uh demonstrated the character of God. I got a quote I'm going to read you here in a moment. Brother Caleb sent me. So, so wonderful. Goes with another quote that I won't use tonight. I'll get to it Sunday. But we find friends that a lot of times we have lingering weaknesses. Sometimes, not sometimes, let me just say it like this. all the time. Everybody has complexes. Amen. We have lingering weaknesses. We have complexes. We have failures. Some of it's from heredity. Sure. Absolutely. Brother Brand would call it the grabag of life. Yeah. And and and th those are things, you know, like brother Bam talked about his, you know, his his daddy was Irish and his his grandmother was a full-blooded Indian and his mother was a half Indian, which made him half half of a half Indian and a and Irishman. So he had an Irish temper and he was a half breed from from a Native American tribe. And and and he admits to that he was a mess. It made his stomach nervous. He couldn't hold food down. He was always getting in fights. He had a a a an uncontrollable temper. Even to the point of trying to murder boys and him just a boy. Amen. All because somebody punched him and he's ready to shoot them. See, so we get these things. Brother Brandham talks about that before we come to the Holy Ghost and and and and the things sometimes that come to us through heredity. But you know, just like the earth, void and dark. Uh but in this case it's you know it's it's not from some previous civilization but it's from some previous gene pool. Amen. The earth was dark and chaos and void and it it was the effects of some previous civilization. And I can say tonight, I got things in my heredity and things in my spirit and complexes and baggage and failures and memories and hurts and wounds and and it and it's and it's and it's not it's not a previous civilization. Some of it's a previous gene pool that I came from. May maybe it jumped several generations and landed on me and skipped all the rest of my family. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Come and then and then as if that's not as if as brother Brandon would call it the grabag of life. As if that's not bad enough then the complexes and the weaknesses from the poor choices we've made in life. Yes. Amen. Amen. I have to do like brother Fred reaching to the back. a way to back. Don't get to be quiet. Watch this. It works on Brother Luther. Brother Luther. Yes. See there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Micah and Jackson are about to have a heart attack. Am I going to call on them? Praise the Lord. We've made some, haven't we, friends? Poor choices. Sometimes things done to us. Sometimes, let's be honest, let's be real. Sometimes things we did to ourselves. Oh yeah. You've met God in a new birth. And that cleansed your soul in the sight of God. Thank God. But now it's time for you to allow the mind that was in Christ to be in you. Amen. How many want that? Now it's time to both and catch it to both know him and conjunction the power of his resurrection. I know him because I came to him in a new birth. But Paul says that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. Only the mind of Christ that is surrendered daily can take it's the only thing that can take you to that next level of rest that we desire. It's the only thing that could offset the plague and the curse of this evil day that the that the Holy Ghost knew was coming. Jesus knew it was coming. This hasn't crept up on God. He had He didn't put you in this age and go, "My goodness, it's worse than I thought. I'm going to have to go back to the drawing board." He sent you a a perfect eternal word and unsealed it and has an anointing down upon the word that you're feeding on. If you're feeding on it, are you feeding on it? It is the word that God released under that when he opened the seventh seal. He's got an anointing on that word. But you've got to eat it. You've got to consume it. Amen. See, in this day when growing anxieties and insanity and men's hearts failing for fear and and and it would be orders of magnitude worse than any other age, orders of magnitude worse, not even comparable to any other age. An abiding fellowship with Christ. I want to say it to you very clearly. An abiding fellowship with Christ is the only answer. Amen. You remember Sunday I said if you don't have that, if if that's not your daily practice and you're constantly pressing into that, then you're not likely to follow God's plan for you very well because you'll always be interfering with it because we want what we want when we want it. Y'all didn't probably didn't want to hear that again. I just have said it again. Come on. We want what we want when we want it. And this age is full of nothing but a growing insanity and growing anxiety. And I'll say it again, an abiding fellowship with Christ is the only answer. That is what applying the token daily is. Applying the token is not some esoterical, philosophical, oh, what does that even mean? It means what we're preaching. It's an application. You're you're applying the word in your daily life. The word for you is a person that when you're living it and following it, you're fellowshipping the person. Amen. Because the word is a person. It's applying the token to your life, to your home, to your family. I'm here to tell you something, friends. Applying the token is, has been, and always will be. It is still the answer to Satan's question. Applying the token is still the best answer to the challenge of the devil. When he comes into your home or into your family or into your body or into your finances, you can apply the token with confidence. Amen. To my lost child, it doesn't matter how lost your child is. You can apply the token. You have the power of the spoken word. And that's the third pull. All you have to do is abide in Christ and let his life speak. Yes. Amen. He'll bring life. He found you, didn't he? That's right. You were probably worse than your child. Sure. He found you, didn't he? Amen. Brother Brandham says, "From believing from the heart." Brother Caleb sent me this and it's so glorious. And I thought to myself, Lord, I because I was thinking to myself how I would I had read numerous quotes that talks that talks about what we're trying to preach. And then this exact quote is so flawless and so perfect it can't even be improved upon. I'm not going to paraphrase a word of it. I'm going to read it to you verbatim. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Notice, I begin to think this." Now, there's a lot in that. I begin to think this because he's already talking about all his ministry since 1933 down on the river. And a and a voice is speaking from a star hanging over his head and people are witnessing it. And he's now he's he's including t he's in a cave and he says I hear someone walking and and coming into that light stepped a man and he said in human figure about 200 lb shoulder length hair is barefoot and he said I've been sent from the presence of God to tell you about your peculiar ministry. Remember he was out there under the tree shaving and and he said that thing come upon me. He said I didn't know what to call me. I called it a trance. And he said, "The whole world seemed to spin and I hit the ground and hope come running out. Billy, what's wrong?" And he said, "I'm going to my cave. I'm going to my cave. I I can't even are or probably meet at that time. I'm going to my cave. I've got to I'm not coming back. Don't look for me to come back. I got to have an answer what this is." And his brother-in-law telling him, his Baptist brothers, Billy, it's of the devil. It's spiritualism. Stay away from it. So, here comes an angel to say, "I've come from the presence of God to explain to you your peculiar ministry." Amen. That's all included. I mean, we're talking about his trips overseas and the things that happened and some of those great meetings there. That's all included in this. Notice, I begin to think this. So, I want you to absorb who it is that's saying this and what he's been through to get to this point. I begin to think this. Now, he would later confirm it and speak to the mountain. Yeah. And I'm gonna I've read that for you when I was in that series last year. I'm going to read you that quote again where he talks about people willing to live up in those spheres of God. So, this doesn't change. And he says in 1957, I begin to think this that it is possible that when a man like the apostles and when you can live close to God and God through his grace operate operates through you that the more of God you get, the more godly you become. The more eternal life comes in, the more of the intellectual it pushes out. Now, I don't mean to be a fanatic. I mean to be a real sane, sound believer. See, not a bunch of ism, but a real solid, true, sensible, intelligent believer. And now watch, I've seen it work. And to think that if you get into that contact with God, it becomes till it isn't your voice anymore, it's not your thought anymore. It becomes God's thought and God's voice you're and he goes right to where we've been reading in St. John 15. You are just a vine or just a branch. He's the vine and it's his spirit that goes in and energizes. As long as you can get yourself out of the way, he'll fill it up and then you can be a witness. Amen. When we talk about a world spinning in chaos, when we talk about a world that's void and dark, I don't know, friends, some of you, some of you young people aren't very old. Some of you are as old as me and older. Wherever you are in life's journey, maybe the devil, like the earth, whatever whatever caused that previous civilization, we don't know. All we knew, remember Sunday, all we could conclude was that it it established the bedding ground for a restored kingdom, one that would never pass away. Hallelujah. I'm here to tell you something, friends. I'm never going to pass away. And I'm never going back to the void. I'm going onward and upward. But the bottom line is that sometimes that's where our life ends up. And maybe the devil has dragged some of us through the ditches long enough to where you feel maybe you've already at the point tonight. Maybe I'm speaking to someone in this audience or over the airwaves or by an archive. But this is what the Lord laid on my heart to say. Maybe you feel that life has little or no purpose for you because of the way the devil has dra drug d drug d drug d drug d drug d drug d drug drug d drug d drug d drug drug you through the ditches of life. Is it possible that it always has actually had more purpose than you've imagined and only Satan has kept it from you? Amen. Now, I say again, he's not a philosophical devil. He's a real devil. That's why philosophy can't help you. It's why this is not a philosophy class. He's not a phil philosophical devil. He's a real devil who fights God over the dominion of your soul and your mind and your heart and your spirit and your life and your lifestyle and your goals and dreams. He fights God over control of you. Amen. Who can have the control? And that's why it was so wonderful to me Sunday when we were reading there. And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up and lift up your heads for your redemption draweth nigh. If I can just get you to look up and maybe maybe you would say tonight, "Pastor, my life is simply too broken to look up." Could I say to you that that's what Moses thought? And brother Brandham said, "There he was coming down that trail that day. He's 80 years old. He's already 80 years old, right? And he's 40 years out of Egypt now. 40 years in the in the in the desert and he's hurting another man's livestock. And brother Brandham says he stops and he takes an he he he does an an appraisal of his life. And he's standing there and he says, "I guess it's too late now. I've already ruined it. And brother Brandham said the great crystal tears began to roll down his face and across his beard. And it was right then he said that he turned. He heard the sound of a crackling flame. And he turned and he turned aside. He turned aside away from his own thinking, away from his life that looked like a failure to him. I'm here to tell you Moses was just getting started. And God had a great thing ahead. I don't know where we are. I don't know how you got here. I got a story. You got a story. We all got stories. I just know this. However I am now, that's not how I started. And I know the next thing I'm going back to how I started. And I know that I'm on my road. And I know God has a greater purpose for me. And I and I I cannot and I must not and I will not allow myself to say it's too broken. It's there's no purpose. Friends, don't let the devil keep lying to you. You can abide in Christ. This is why he would say abide in me. I in you, you and me. Outside of me, you can do nothing. Because that's the age that we live in. That's the that's the tyranny of the devil. Abraham thought the same thing. Abraham actually Abraham is lamenting to God. Oh, you gave me all these promises and I don't even see it. Now I'm an old man and now it's too late and and and and you told me I'd have an heir and and now I've got this one in my household and he's going to get everything and I don't see your promise. And Abraham was crying and boohooing. He didn't see no way humanly possible. And God come down and said, "This shall not be thine air, but out of thine own bow shall be thine heir." And God took an old man and turned him back young and a wife and turned her back young. I'm here to tell you there's nothing that he cannot do to to equip you and to empower you. I don't care how you game. I don't care what's happened. I don't care about baggage. I don't care about heredity. I don't care what's happened. You can bring the token and the presence of God into your life. And and you can restore void and you can restore chaos and bring your life and the life of your family and the life of everyone you love back into a perfect order. Don't let Satan tell you you can't or it's too late. It's never too late. It's never too late. Let's stand. Oh my. You know, I thought about Abraham and how that he I said to you Sunday, the Lord told him, you know, lift up now thine eyes. This was this was Abraham's word. If you want to Abraham, you've you've been through trials. You've been on a journey. It's been this. It's been this long. You haven't ran perfectly. You've had errors. Abraham had had errors. Now, you didn't get to read about him in the New Testament because the blood of Jesus Christ called it all. And and Paul said he never staggered at the promise of God. Never said Abraham was perfect. Said Abraham never staggered at the promise. And I sometimes I have come back to the Lord and I've said, "Lord, I'm sorry for that mental failure, spiritual failure, fleshly failure, whatever kind of a failure it was." But I can always come back and say, "But Lord, my faith in your word is perfect." Say, "I'm looking for perfect faith. I already got it. I have perfect faith in the word that God has sent in this hour. I don't intend to let the things of this world." Now, some people will, some people already are. Some believers are living today as believers. I get it. They're believers for real believers. They really do believe. They really have had an experience with God. But but they're allowing the enemy to cause them to have a divided allegiance. It shows up in their church life. It shows up in their prayer life. It shows up in their shows up in their home and their family and their children. It it it those kind of things you you don't hide. And I can tell you the longer it goes, those kind of things become very painful. And I just say to my young people tonight, don't end up where some where some have ended up where they're having such pain of regret. You're young. Take a hold of the Holy Spirit now. Live for God. Let the Holy Spirit come in and rule every aspect of your life. Say, "I'm going to be one of those that crossed the finish line and I'm going to have this testimony. I ran with the Lord all the way. I I made up my mind that I was going to serve God. I'm going to make a rapture and I'm never looking back." Friends, that level of victory is possible. I just read it to you. Brother Brandham said that 1957 and he says it again and speak to this mountain when he's talking about the power of the third pool and speaking swirls into existence. And that's where he has that wonderful statement. He said, "I realized that that anybody anybody who's willing to live in those upper spheres with God, then it won't be God. It won't be you speaking. It'll be God speaking. Say, I got a terrible need. I don't know how this is going to happen. Why don't you let God speak to it? Amen. You've spoke to it and it's never done anything. You've you've jumped up and down and cried tears and wallered around. Why don't you just let God come in and have complete control of your life and he'll start speaking to whatever needs spoken to? Oh, that's a lesson for us all, isn't it? Amen. I can set y'all back down and preach a whole another sermon on that. But gather with me. We've got a number of prayer requests we're going to take to the Lord tonight. Come on, friends. We'll carry on Sunday. I'm going to stop tonight and we're going to take up these prayer requests and let you go home. Amen. [Music] From earth to glory. From earth to glory. I only ask I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. To be like like Jesus. To be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like [Music] him. All through life journey from earth to glory. I I only ask Lord only [Music] to be like just keep playing that for me softly. Sister Ruth, um, Brother Aaron writes in, "Please remember Ruth and I in prayer. We have a big decision to make coming up and need the Lord's guidance." Amen. Sister Meredith sent to me, "Please continue to keep my mom in prayer. She is better, but blood pressure is a little all over the place, and she still is dizzy and doesn't feel quite right." Sister Hope wrote also to say a prayer request. Um, several special um unspoken requests for my older children, Sarah, Abigail, Angel, and Benjamin. Oh, that's a mother's heart. the Lord is able to meet that need. Amen. That's all the requests that came in. I appreciate everybody I sent out today asking that you send in a request. Amen. Do you have requests, brother? Yeah. Okay. Miss Elissa. Alyssa. All right. Miss Elissa. You write that down. All right. Praise the Lord. Now, by an uplifted hand, anybody else want to say, "Lord, you see my need upon my heart." And we're going to pray for this need for our brother Aaron and sister Ruth. We're going to pray, Amen, for Sister Meredith's mother, Sister Linda, and Sister Hope Smart also in California is asking these unspoken requests for her older children. Amen. Join with somebody standing near you. Let's go to the Lord. And this this request also from Brother Enoch. Father, we're joining together right now, Lord. And tonight, Lord, your word went forth. And we are we are we want to say, Lord, that we are believers of your word. And we pray and we ask that your word will take effect in our lives, Lord. Oh Lord, I desire it so much. And I we we deal with this human flesh and all of its weaknesses. Lord God, help us. We've we've read tonight. We've proven it in the scriptures. We've proven it throughout the message. We've proven it, Lord, by great sages of old down through that man age, Lord. Some of those great 19th century thinkers, Lord, and they all knew this great secret. Father, I pray that you will help us tonight in this day where everything is, you know, at at the fingertips and knowledge has increased and and men's mind, hearts failing for fear and the insanity and anxiety of the ages, Lord. and we get swept away by it if we're not careful. We've met you. We've met the pillar of fire. But Lord, we need to come into that place where we have that next level of rest, that next level where God, yay, Lord, where God is in control of all of our lives. Oh God, he's in control. Tomorrow morning when we wake up, you'll be in control of our of all of our waking moments. Lord, I pray you'll grant it. We don't know how much time we have left here, but we do know that the world is falling off a cliff. Oh Lord God, move in our midst. I pray make these words real to our hearts. Let those listening across the airwaves, Lord, let it be a prick in their hearts, if they need to move closer to you, may they move up, Lord God. May they may they Lord God, we know that that there are times when not not everyone can make it to the house of God. But we're but what we also know Lord if we're honest is that too many times we let the priorities of the world move move aside the priorities of the world of the word Lord God and the word the priorities of the world move aside the priorities of the word. Help us tonight, Lord God, to see that reversed in our lives. To this visible audience, to the invisible audience, may it be so. Lord God, I pray for us. I pray for us as a body of believers. I pray for the leaderships and ministry and the officers. I pray for the family and our young people. Lord, let the Holy Spirit, Lord, have complete control of every aspect of our lives. May you grant it to us, Father. Now Lord, you see here's a need that brother Aaron and Sister Ruth have to make, Lord. And the the the the the decision must be made quickly. And Lord, it's a a momentous decision. It's not a small thing. And but but you're you love big things, Lord. You're you're you're we're to ask big things. The prophet said, "Ask God for big things." He believe he's a heavenly father. He wants to be involved in our lives. Lord, I pray that you will give them your perfect mind, your perfect wisdom. Let them go forth with faith, knowing that they have the mind of Christ. Lord, then no matter what happens forward after that, there will be no worry. The devil won't have a way, Lord, that he can cause an strife over it because they will know that they move forward with faith. May you grant that to them, Lord. How I've had you grant that to me so many times over the years, Lord. I pray for Sister Linda Maxwell tonight and Sister Meredith, Lord, who's there caring for her. We love our sister Linda and we're asking for your mercy, Lord God. Touch her in body, Lord. Lower that blood pressure. Cause the dizziness to leave her. May she stand all upon her feet well, lifting hands for the glory of God. May you grant it, Lord. We ask it of thee specifically that you would bless our sister and may she be well every bit well. Lord, we take up this uh this burden that Sister Hope has for her older children. Lord God, you see how the enemy has pulled this and pulled that, but he ain't nobody, Lord. You're still God. You're still on the throne. And we still believe you, Lord God. And I pray that the Holy Spirit will go out from this service tonight, go down the road, overtake those older children, and bring them to thee, oh God. Draw them to thy w to thy wounded side as the song would seem. Say, Lord, grant it I pray. Hear the cry of this mother. Lord, may it be so tonight. Brother Enoch turns in an unspoken request, Lord. And we're praying for our Miss Alyssa tonight. That Lord God, we don't know her, but you know her quite well, Lord God, you're the one who gave her life. She couldn't have had life if it hadn't come from you. And Lord, now, no doubt the enemy is trying some tyranny. May you rebuke him, Lord. And may the blessing pass upon this woman for her need. Lord, brother Enoch has asked it with faith and we're agreeing with him and joining with him in this belief in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing the song, Brother Tony. Amen. Sing it for us. All is well. Oh, hallelujah. Thank God it is. All is well. Thank God it is. We have heard. We have heard of the message. Shalom. Shalom. And all hallelujah, Lord. I'm glad we know it that way. There is a place, a place of birth behind me. So rest. Little ride for all. Oh, that's beautiful. Let's sing it again. Let's raise up our hands and sing it like a testimony. All is well. Let me hear you. All is well. Oh, lift up those voices. We have heard the message and all is all is well. I'm glad there's a place there. There is the place of perfect rest behind the rest. So rest little [Music] right for all his word. Any testimonies tonight before we go? Brother Luther, come ahead, my brother. Amen. There you go, my friend. He's coming up the aisle. So, um, I was working today in Hampton Hall and, um, so we go to this house. We're putting up a, uh, mounting a 75 in TV on the wall. We've been in there for about an hour or so. Of course, everything kind of goes once in a while, screw strips out or whatever. So, I was just going out to get some tools out of my truck and I parked it on the side of the road. There's a security truck out there behind my truck and u they've been there for a little bit. I didn't realize it and I'm like, "What's going on?" She's getting ready to put this ticket on my windshield for $150. Oh boy. Because I didn't have cones beside my truck. And I'm just like and I was I was trying to talk to I didn't get mad or nothing. I was because I understood she wasn't I was like, "Are you kidding?" you know, I took the truck and I parked it in the driveway, you know, but that didn't make any difference. And she was the chief. She's the security chief. She said, "I already called it in and I'm just like, what?" So, we go in, finished the job, and um, of course, I'm like, 150 bucks? I didn't even make 150 bucks today. But um so the owner was in there and um so we're going out we're finishing the job and we're out there and um I'm looking at he's like so I'm looking at this ticket and I so I called the security chief which was the same woman and she's not budging at all. I says there's no gray area here. You can't give me a warning or said no it's already you want to talk to HOA. I said forget it. The owner is standing here. He's going this place is ridiculous. He's He's going to move here in a couple years, but he's getting the house ready. So he says, "Uh, do you got Venmo?" I says, "Yeah." He says, "Well, I'll venue mow you 150 bucks so that so that you don't have to pay for it." I was like, "Are you kidding?" So he did Venmo me 150 bucks and I'm not paying no fine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody else got a testimony tonight before we go? Praise the Lord. That's a good one. Amen. Over here, brother Caleb. More often than not, my thoughts become reality over the pull pit. And the Lord is just knowing what I'm thinking and what I need of. And on the way over here, I was thinking about how I could be a better witness and all the potential missed opportunities that I've had just because I've not been in the right state of mind that I should have been. And I know me and you, we go to the same barber. And I was just thinking about that. And that quote came up from brother Caleb, but that was exactly what I needed. And the Lord knows. And sometimes those types of things I don't even pray about. I'm just thinking, and the Lord has blessed me and knows what I have need of. And I thank him very much. Amen. Praise the Lord. Any others tonight? Holy Ghost. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Yeah, I'm exactly the same way, Brother Caleb. That meant the the world to me. And uh actually, Brother Caleb had talked about he sent it to me saying, "Brother Jason, this is um so goes with along the lines of what you've been preaching." and and I had the one that I wanted to read from um Speak to This Mountain, but that one there just was so fitting because it's it's a it's a prophet saying, "Look, here's how you do it. It's not rocket science. It's not difficult. The more you get of God, the less you'll have of the world. It'll push the world out. The more of his word that you let in, the more of intellectualism will go out. the more time you spend with him, it's and the more you empty out of the world, he'll come in and fill up that spot. I'm glad that it's that that God is that approachable and that I don't have to I don't have to go I don't have to cross the ocean or call him to go to heaven and bring him down here. He's right here among us, friends, with the answer for what we need. God bless you. God bless you. Turn around, shake hands with somebody near you. Amen. And brother Anthony sings us again. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. We'll see you this weekend. God bless you. All is [Music] well. All is well. We have heard the message slow and all is [Music] well. There's a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little prime rest for all is [Music] well. All is well. All is well. [Music] We have heard the message shalom and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. Oh rest little right rest for all is well. All is [Music] well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. Glorious little bride race for all is well. [Music] All is well. All is well. We have heard the message of home and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the bed. Oh rest little bride raise for all his way. [Music]
