################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 250427-Jason Watkins Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 5 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    250427-Jason Watkins :Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 5
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI_IIZahINM
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear Part 5" on April 27th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Testing, testing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Kevin, won't you come on up here and open service in prayer for us this morning? God bless you, buddy. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Father, we just want to come to you this morning. We appreciate all that you do for us, Lord. We thank you for your love. We thank you for the grace you give us. And Lord, thank you for the opportunity to gather and worship you. Now, we pray that you would just come down, Lord. Move in this service, Lord. Just anoint us that we would welcome you, Lord. We'd create the right atmosphere. Move on your minister, Lord, that he would just have your words of life for us. Help us to have our hearts open to receive. Be with us now in all that we do. In Jesus name we commit it. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Give me the key, G. What can wash away my sin? Say nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Say nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found no see nothing but the blood of Jesus. They all precious. It's the flow that makes me wide as snow. [Music] I know say nothing but the blood of Jesus will pour my pardon this [Music] nothing but the blood of Jesus for my cleansing this my cleansing nothing but the Blood of Jesus. [Music] See, Lord, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know. Save nothing but the blood of Jesus. Sing oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow no other found I know sing nothing but the blood of Jesus [Music] Help. This is all my hope and peace. Seeing nothing but the blood. This is all my rightousness. See nothing but the blood of Jesus. Let's put our hands together for the Lord. The all precious is the flow say that makes me white as no other found I know. Sing nothing but the blood of Jesus. One more time. Sing. Oh precious. It's the floor that makes me white as no other found. I know see nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. Amen. I want you to turn and reach your brother and sister this morning. Amen. Nikia C. [Music] Years I spent in vanity and pride caring not my Lord was true. See I know it not it was for me. He died at Cal. Mercy, mercy, mercy. [Music] Oh, there was multiplied to me there. My burden so found at C. Mercy, mercy, mercy. See, there was grace and grace was free. And there was blind to me. There my burden so found with mercy and cow [Music] by God's word andless sins I learned then I trembled at the law I spill my guilty so and rule return. [Music] Mercy, mercy, mercy. See, there was grace and grace was free. Oh, and there was multiply to me. There my burden so found mercy and God. Oh great mercy mercy mercy word. See there was great and great. Oh Lord and there was hope to fly to me. There my burden, soul, my libert. [Music] Listen now. Now I'm giving Jesus everything. Now I'm gladly owe him as my king. Now my rapture soul can only sing at Cal. Mercy, mercy, mercy, merc. See, there was great and grace was free. And there was multiplier [Music] [Applause] was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiplied to me. There my burden so found [Music] free. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Give me a F. Sing a little bit of this is my desire. Amen. This is my desire to honor you. Lord with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way me. Sing. This is my desire. This is my desire [Music] to honor you. Lord, I worship you. [Music] All I have, Lord, I give you all the praise. [Music] All that I adore is in you. [Music] Let's raise our hands to the Lord. [Applause] Lord, I give you my heart. Give my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath I take, every moment I wait. Lord, have your way me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for him alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your one more time. Lord, I give you Lord, I give you my heart. Give you my soul. Give you my soul, I live for you. Every breath, every breath that I take, every moment, [Music] Lord, have your one more time. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Applause] You may be seated. Amen. Sister Deborah, if you give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. [Applause] Brother Tony surprised me this morning that I would be singing. So, I hope it's a blessing to you. I didn't really get much practice time, but these words are really special. So just uh try to enter in. [Music] I traveled down a lonely road and no one seemed to care. The burden on my weary back had bowed me to despair. there. I oft complained to Jesus how folks were treating me. And then I heard him say so tenderly. [Music] My feet were all so weary upon the Calary road. The cross became so heavy. I fell beneath the load. Be faithful, weery pilgrim. The morning I can see, just lift your cross and follow close to me. I work so hard for Jesus. I sometimes boast and say I sacrifice a lot of things to walk this narrow way. I gave up fame and fortune. I'm worth a lot today. [Music] Then I hear him gently say to me, [Music] I left the throne of glory and counted it with loss. My hands were nailed in anger upon a cruel cross. But now we'll make this journey with your hand safe in mine. So lift your cross and close to me. Oh Jesus, if I die upon a foreign field someday, could be no more than love demands, no less could I repay. No greater love has mortal men than for a friend to die. These are the words he gently spoke to me. If just a cup of water I place within your hand, then just a cup of water is all that I demand. But if by death to living they can thy glory see. I'll take my cross and follow close to me. [Music] I travel down a lonely road and no one seemed to care. The burden on my weary back had allowed me to despair. I often to Jesus how folks were treating me. Then I heard him say so tenderly, [Music] my feet were all so weary upon the Calary road. The cross became so heavy. I need the Lord. Be faithful, weary pilgrim, the morning I can see. Just lift your cross and follow close to me. Oh, just lift your cross and follow close to me. Amen. [Applause] Amen. We're going to have Sister Emily give us a song this at this time. Let's give her a hand. Amen. And right after her, we're going to have Sister Kayla give us a song. Amen. So, she's here visiting with us this weekend. So, be a blessing to hear from her. Amen. [Music] In vain man tried to enter heaven for a door could not be found. Heaven's walls were great and high. All inside were safe and sound. God who so loved mankind, who we made and give bread, knew that to redeem them the price to pay was dead. [Music] No search was made to find someone who would take this dreadful chore. Cuz only one, God's only son, could be heaven's only door. The angels knew once he was gone, a song would not be so. Cuz a door to heaven is of no use unless on earth it's hung. The door was hung at Calary. It's standing open wide. Eternal life is waiting for all who step inside. And what has become earth's greatest game was heaven's greatest loss. Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. [Music] He entered this world through a virgin's womb and he felt our pain and strife through the door of death. He soon would go. Our great ransom paid for life. Once inside, the door was sealed. Satan thought he'd won the war. But it's no secret how death was conquered. The king was in the door and the door was hung at Calary. [Music] It's standing open wide. Eternal life is waiting for all who step inside. And what has become earth's greatest game was heaven's greatest loss. [Music] Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. Heaven's door was hung at Calary and it hinges on the cross. [Music] Come on, sister Kayine. Man, come on. Let's give her a hand, man. [Applause] Are you with that? Okay. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. in love. You came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the love, Lord. [Music] Thank you for your nail hands. Washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and praise worthy the lamb seated on the throne. [Music] We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up. He's the son of God, [Music] the darling of heaven, crucified. [Music] Worthy is the Lord. Worthy is love. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the love, Lord. Thank you for your help. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now I know your forgiveness sending away the throne. We crown you down with many ground you Jesus of God. The darling of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Applause] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's take the offering. [Music] Let's just stand. [Music] Come on, brother Luther. Let's take the offering. This just bless the offering off. God bless you. Amen. You know, it's uh Sunday school was talking about faith and your own feelings. And I can remember I was working with a county and I was just kind of in my mind I was kind of down on myself like I hadn't seen what I wanted to see. I didn't think I was living the way that I should. You know when God speaks to you I mean it doesn't matter. You may not remember the date and the time but you know that voice spoke to you. You know when he says that's not what I think of you this morning. That's not what he thinks of you. He thinks his word. You know, there's one thing brother Brandham talked about forgiven your sins, past, future, and present. And um for the human mind, that's like kind of pretty difficult to comprehend, but it's the truth just the same. Amen. And I I appreciate the Lord for that. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning, Lord. How we appreciate worship and song and just setting aside the things of this world, Lord, looking to you, Father, the author and finisher of our faith this morning. I pray, Lord, as we all desire a closer walk with you, that you would just speak to us today, Lord, one of those voices, that little small voice that, Father, we can get away from. And we thank you for that. As we collect the tithes and offerings, we pray that you would bless the cheerful giver, Father. And Lord, in the further of the service, Father, may we continue to surrender our hearts to you. Speak to us. Draw us closer to you, Lord. We love and worship you, Father. I would like to remember Sister Deborah Lowley this morning. Father, I pray for courage and strength for our sister. Dear God, the enemy comes against us all, Father, in the ways that, Father, he knows us best. But Lord, you went to Calvary for the victory for all of us, Father. And I pray for her. Raise her up before you, Father, claiming in the name of Jesus Christ. Encourage her today, Father. Touch her body, dear God. We love and worship you, dear God, in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's put our head hands together just before the word. Amen. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship. Every praise. Every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory. Hallelujah to our God. Every praise. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Who else would we give our praise to? Amen. He's the only one worthy of it. And he's worthy of every bit of it and then some. Amen. And the Bible tells us that we should we should pay him the praises that his name is due. Imagine that you're so amazing that just your name is praiseworthy. Amen. We love the Lord for his greatness today. Amen. God bless. You can be seated for just a few minutes. Amen. Um want to give you a quick reminder that uh we have our special weekend coming up in May. It'll be the third weekend in May. And uh we're going to have a Saturday and Sunday um fellowship here. Brother uh Tim Bernett's coming over. Amen. Brother Wes Ardals's coming up out of Georgia. And we're going to have our local singers, Brother Joe and Sister Becky are coming. Amen. So, um we're definitely going to We got to tell Brother Joe he can't come if Sister Becky don't bring food. Amen. So, she definitely has to uh bring some food. I'm sure she'll get that message. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Where Sister Becky was renowned for her wonderful cooking. Amen. The time we had them here. Amen. I remember one time I was out here on the sidewalk and um it was a Wednesday night and Sister Becky was known for going in to the fellowship hall sometimes on a Wednesday and they'd stay in there and eat and fellowship after church. And I walked down the sidewalk or no, I went into the fellowship hall and sure enough, Sister Beggy was wide open in there cooking and I just I just happened to come out. I was on my way to before going back and and Brother Aaron was our own brother and he was standing there on the sidewalk. I think he's talking to brother Charles. They were in a in a conversation and I just walked by and I just said, "Sister Becky's in there cooking." Brother Aaron didn't even say another word. He just like took off. Just left Brother Charles standing there like, "Wait, what just happened?" And he like immediately just turned around and immediately so I said, "Wow, this sister's reputation precedes her." Amen. Praise the Lord. But we're happy to be having that. And we're going to have um a Saturday night singing and fellowship. And uh we're going to start a little bit early. So, and it should be a Saturday. Should work out for everybody. Amen. And then we will uh we're going to keep brother Tim Bdett over and make him preach for us on Sunday and then have a larger church fellowship dinner afterwards. Saturday night we're planning some refreshments and everything. Amen. So, Brother Bob, make sure you plan to come. Happy to have you here today. Amen. Now, that's not an invitation we're sending out, but you're here, so I'm going to invite you personally. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, Brother Mark. Sister Deb doing okay. She's starting to recover some, I hope. All right. Praise the Lord. Yeah. I uh reached out to her the other day and she was still in quite a bit of discomfort. So, the enemy's fighting, but he can't win anyway. He can't win cuz he ain't nobody. He's already a loser, man. Talking about a born loser. Amen. Praise the Lord, Sister Faith. Good to have you here today with us as well. Amen. We've got a special event. One of my favorite things to do. I get to dedicate a baby today. Amen. So, uh we're going to switch over. Sister Dev to uh bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Amen. Want to invite brother Micah, Sister Esther, and any any grandparents that want to come are more than welcome. Amen. And um our church picture lady will probably be snapping some pictures. Amen. So, u anybody uh in the family that would like to attend. Amen. Let's sing as brother Mike and sister to bring Sister Christina forward. Bring them in. Oh, bring them in. Oh, bring them in from the fields of sin. Oh, bring them in. Oh, bring Oh, bring the little ones to Jesus. Oh my goodness. Oh, wow. Hi. You sleep, you're going to look at me. Be careful. I cast a spell on little girls. Is that adorable or what? Sleeping Beauty. Amen. Christina what? Christina Rose. Christina Rose. Wow. Praise the Lord. What a precious jewel. Let's pray. Master, what a privilege it is to hold our little sister Christina Rose. Lord, it just brings back so many memories of the little darlings that I've held up to you over the years. I remember Lord that my mother told me when she was just a young woman and stuck with me and never left me and she said she would hold up her little babies to you and just hold them and lift them up in the air and say, "Lord, I'm not able. I don't know how if if this is going to be successful, you're going to have to come and do it." And Lord, we present her to you today, Lord, as we always do. May you come and raise her, Lord. Father, may you grow her in the beauty and admonition of your perfect will and plan for her. Guide brother Micah and Sister Esther, Lord, in the decisions they will make and the steps they will take going forward. Bless her, Lord. Keep her in health and safety. Father, if there's uh years to come yet, we don't know. But in whatever way, Lord, we look to the time when we'll all gather around the Father's throne all together. And Lord, until then, we will continue, Lord, to bring children to you as they brought them to you in your earthly pilgrimage. We commit her now in dedication to you, giving her back to the one who gave her in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. What's up, I'm coming up there with you. Okay, that's enough. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's stand back to our feet. So, um, we're going to, um, continue in our fifth installment of our series. Brother Bob, you popped in right in the middle of a series we've been working on on, uh, we're titling it, uh, modern events again, made clear in prophecy. And I just think that as I've said before, it's a a subject, not necessarily a title, but a subject that has to be, you know, constantly updated because we're not here just to talk about 1960s events. We've got modern events today in a day that we didn't expect to still be here and yet we're still here. So, I think we have to constantly interpret the things that we see by prophecy. Now today I hope to um look into some ancient prophecy and ancient history. And I wanted to say that the reason I'm doing it, I almost decided to break into Revelation 12. And last week I touched on Revelation 18, those first eight verses. Uh, but it just seemed like that I I I kind of had it in my heart to drop back and I've actually made a mention of it several times and I keep promising you that we're going to take a look at the 32nd chapter of Ezekiel which we'll turn to now. Ezekiel uh chapter 32 if you will uh find your place there uh in the Old Testament. And I think I wanted to start uh in Ezekiel. I believe I did. I did indeed. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Ezekiel 32. and we will uh we're going to look uh and we're going to zero in. It seemed like I also maybe thought about um No, I won't. I'll just stick stick with this for today. We might venture into one other passage, but we'll just we'll wait and see. So the reason that I wanted to uh look at this is because uh and this will be important for you to remember is that I want to demonstrate to you that everything is controlled by prophecy. Everything always has been controlled by prophecy. And it doesn't really um I'm not saying that the things that civilizations do and accomplish are not relevant and they're not beneficial or um tyrannical or you know they we're going to read about some nations that were found themselves in the in down in the pit in shol in hell uh because they terrorized the land of the living and they were they were great um they were great uh nations uh in their day and um okay sure will um want to pray a special unspoken prayer request for Sister Rachel's mom Debbie. Amen. We'll get to that momentarily. And so um they they they you know they had contributions to the world. We're going to look at some of those. But ultimately ultimately it's all still going to come down to the choices that they made and that God is paying them the reward they have richly deserved. Right? So, you know, um probably getting ahead of myself a little bit, but I remember a quote that I've got here um from Billy Graham where he talks about uh that God God indeed does pay in wages. And this thing is not cooperating with me. Uh excuse me one second. And sometimes it's not wages that people particularly want to collect. Amen. Um because Billy Graham talks about that God pays but often times that the payment is remorse and sorrow and tragedy and that's the payment that people signed up for and they invested in. See and so we we want to look at that today by the help of the Lord. And so, let me uh switch out here. I'm going to switch to a different uh app app here and see if I can get it to work better. Amen. Aha. Praise the Lord. All right. Ezekiel 32. And we're going to just read um sure we'll we'll include that, Sister Emily. Uh we're going to in we're going to take verses uh two and three is where we're going to start. And then I'm going to just skip along various because it's a lengthy reading. We'll probably read these couple and then we will uh pray and let you be seated. Let's catch Ezekiel 32 and verses 2 and three. Son of man, take up a lamentation for Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou art as a whale in the seas, and thou camest forth with thy rivers, and troublest the waters with thy feet, and foulest the rivers. Verse three, thus saith the Lord God, I will therefore spread out my net over thee. Now, I want you to catch some language there because this is going to be the first of several times you're going to see this the just the God saying, I I will I'm going to I have I did. All right. Thus saeth the Lord God, I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a great company of many people, and they catch it. Catch the catch how definite. They shall bring thee up in my net. There's no ambiguity there. There's no maybe hope. We're going to try see if we can pull this off. You know, there there's there's none of the uh the the Donald Trump we'll see. We won't see. We're we're it's going to be exactly what he said. There's going to be no deviation. All right. Verse uh let's catch 11 and 12 while we have you standing. For thus saith the Lord God, the sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee. By the swords of the mighty, watch this. Here it is. Will I cause thy multitude to fall. I will cause this. The terrible of the nations. All of them. All of them. All of them. And they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed. Let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word now, Lord. And I'm just trying to settle my mind, Lord. and and and sometimes I I think this morning I feel like much study hath made thee mad. But Lord, I it's it's just it takes it it I've got to have these this history correct. We can't look at it half-hazardly. Everything has to be checked, doublech checked and verified, Lord, because we're correlating it to prophecy. So it it's very important that it be accurate, Father. So we've spent the many man hours to do just that. And so I pray your blessing and be upon it today now, Lord. But of course, we're not here, Lord, to just have a history lesson. We're here to learn of thee. Now, master, we have unspoken prayer request for Sister Debbie, Sister Rachel's mother, and Lord, I don't know what it is. It's unspoken, but we sure do love our sister Debbie, and we're praying for her right now that you would be her helper in whatever the need is. Lord, uh, Sister Emily asked prayer. uh her for her mother who asked if we'll we'll pray. My mom asked if we'll pray for her mother, my grandmother. She's aging and things are hard for her. She's 98 and her name is Annabelle. Master, may we put that petition before thee also this morning that you'd be mindful of these needs now and help us one and all. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. So I want to catch if you will verses 11 and 12 again brother Mark Ezekiel 32 11 and 12. For thus saith the Lord God the sword of the king of Babylon. Now you remember that this is what he had threatened. He had threatened Egypt that that I'm going to bring my servant down upon you. We read that as it began to open up. I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people. And so now he's going to come down and and refine the vision a little bit. And he's actually going to name the nation that's going to do it and it's going to be Babylon. And so we're going to look at that here in just a moment. And uh boy, I I I've had such a fascinating time looking at the history. And and I I want to just give you a a few things as I start weighing in. One of the things that's been notable to me after the first point that I made of how many times God would say, "I'm doing it. I did it. I will do it. This is what shall happen because I've said so." And now he's literally and and you're going to find that that that in these kings and in these nations, we're going to read a list of the Egyptians and the Assyrians and the Elummites. And we're going to read um um s about a list of six all the way through to the uh to the Sidonians and the Phoenetians. And and some of them have are actually events that have already passed. And Ezekiel is identifying the past with a prophecy. Some of them are happening in the future. And he's identifying by prophecy, this is what's going to happen. And he's literally saying, um, I'm going to have a king who's not here yet and maybe doesn't even have any plans to do it, but I'm going to cause him to come down here and sack you. Now, it was amazing because the Lord never sent emissaries from heaven to the court of Nebuchadnezzar to say, "Listen, I'd like you to do this for me. Are you in?" He He's simply saying before before anything has even moved in that direction, this is what I'm going to do to you, Egypt, and this is who I'm going to use. And it's not going to be another. It's going to be exactly who I say. And they're going to do exactly what I say. Yes. Some of them are in the past. Some of them are into the future. Some of them will be, you know, many, many years. Some of them are imminent. They're imminent, ready to happen right at that point. And and and as I made that point to you, that that's what prophets do. They they they certify that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. And so that's what that angel, the signifying angel in the book of Revelation, that was his job. It was, you know, you might call him John's tour guide through the book of Revelation. John tried to worship him several times, but he was sent to certify uh the word of God. He was sent to signify and to certify. And so, we realize that this is what prophets do. They they certify the will of God to the people. They signal certain events and they they they look at certain events and a lot of times it's not as straightforward as we would like it as we would like to think that it would be. This is another thing that I have observed in weeks and weeks of studying for this series is that you know we we we look at uh and I'm going to come back to Ezekiel in a moment. We look at at the prophecy. I have a a a slide that I that I want to show and I I probably uh should actually show you that now. Uh let's uh let's bring up my my PowerPoint, Brother Mark. Amen. And then we will and then I'll turn it on here. All right. Modern events again made clear of prophecy part five. So we know that we can go to Daniel 7 and we can read about these four gentile kingdoms. And now here it's a lion and it's a bear and it's a leopard and then it's a a creature. You know, it kind of looks a little bit like a dragon. That's AI's rendering. But it it doesn't say it was a dragon. It just says it was a terrible creature with iron teeth. It he really couldn't correlate. Daniel couldn't correlate it to any known animal. It was no problem. Oh yeah, that's a lion. I know that that that's a leopard. That's a bear. But this other one, Daniel just said, he was just terrible and he was just fierce and he had iron teeth and nothing and he just destroyed everything and he was like he was like walking destruction. And then in in other places, uh, Daniel would go and and they have different renderings. And instead of bear, you might or a lion, you might get an eagle. Instead of a bear, instead of a leopard, you'd get a notable goat with a with a horn. Instead of a a bear, you'd have a ram. And so, but but either way, these gentile kingdoms are what God was using as his measuring line points along history by which he would arrange all the history around it according to prophecy. Now, here's something that that that I that I came to understand more clearly. You say, "Oh, well, yeah, that's right. So I can go from Babylon and then I can go to the Meo Persians and then I can go with Alexander and then I can go to the Roman Empire and it's all nice and neat and tucked in and all is cooperating. But it's not actually when you play out the history. I mean Babylon came from Nimrod when they left the Tower of Babel and those first several kings are listed in history and in the Bible how that that Babylon became a great city state. But then you actually find out that later on after I think their third or fourth king that might take stand correction I have his name actually here but after that third or fourth king then Babylon itself begins to decline and it almost looks like wow I thought that was going to be like one of the world powers that would go all the way and then it would hand off to the Meo Persians but it's not that clean. They actually got got almost usurped by the Assyrians who rose up and live and and and the Assyrians then with Nineveh as their capital actually um became the the the controllers and they it wasn't just influence. They actually kind of came in and threw their weight around and and Babylon basically became almost like a, you know, a sub subjugated country, a subjugated people to the Assyrians. And that went on for hundreds of years. And you would almost think, well, prophecy fell. Well, little did did the Babylonians or the Assyrians or anyone know that after a couple hundred years the Assyrians would then decline and then Babylon would come in and they' reassert themselves and and Nebuchadnezzar's father was a general who took back over and then under Nebuchadnezzar, he was actually Nebuchadnezzar II cuz there was a first one way back hundreds of years prior. And so it's not that his dad's name was Nebuchadnezzar, but a former king had been that name. And so now Nebuchadnezzar, the second one, the one you read about, the one Daniel told him, told him his dreams. Now, now it's a great nation again. And now Assyria collapses and ends up in hell as a nation. We're going to read it here in a second. And Assyria is not even not even represented It's not even represented. And yet it was a great nation that that that put their foot on Babylon. Who is represented? Yeah. Amen. Say, "Okay, what what does that mean for me today?" All right. Okay. I'm glad you asked cuz I asked. So listen, friends, you know, I mean, they thought when the Isuza revival struck, Yeah. that this is the long awaited restoration. Well, it wasn't. They denominated and proved it wasn't. And then a prophet comes on the scene and now he's operating according to Revelation 3. He's a messenger to the last church age. And he's he's one born out of season. And it looks like, you know, the rapture is going to come. The messenger of the seventh angel is on the scene. And later on, we're going to find out that that whole movement would boot him out, boot the message out. The word would open up. The Bible would become a brand new book. The seals would be open. Amen. Right. And then he enters into a Malachi 4 ministry of Elijah, right? And so I mean when you when you start looking at how these things come to be, you go, "Wow, it wasn't just so straightforward and it had a lot of nuance and it had I mean listen, you know, come on. Who would have thought during the time of the Civil War when our whole nation was literally literally divided and to the to the to the point where you have a secession of states that form a confederate states and now you've got a United States and and California and Isuza Street is still owned by Mexico. You're going, "Wait, how? Huh?" But you see, God's not in a hurry. Amen. He just going right along. Didn't matter that Babylon re, you know, receded and then brought back. And Assyria triumphed and then they went away. And then Egypt is on the scene who also aren't represented. Yeah. Amen. Because God just used them. And all the while he's he's tracking the the lineage of Abraham, moving it through. And before that, before the flood, he tracked the lineage all the way up to uh to Noah. And and and Enoch goes in a rapture. Noah goes in an arc. You you understand, friends? And and then so then so then we come to the opening of the seals and all right, we're ready to go home. Well, here we are almost seven decades later. But yet now we can look back and go, "Wait a minute. It does kind of make a little sense because he was never coming to marry a little girl. He was coming to marry a mature bride." You see? And so, oh, we thought it was 1977. And 77 is relevant. It's certainly relevant. I'm not here preaching on that today, but it's absolutely relevant. And and and in in ways that of its fulfillment. And and then and then, you know, everybody was like, "Oh, well, we can't go into the 21st century. It's a 20th century message, and it can't cross over, and it'll be the the next thousand years, and then we got to be in the millennium." We didn't. We weren't. We're still here. Amen. Amen. But I'm still a believer. I still get the same results out of the book of Acts. So I know I'm on the right track. There's no question that I'm on the right track because I get the same results they got in the book of Acts. See, so you know it uh the the point I want to make you in prophecy, I mean it can you say, "Oh, well, if this president, well, we just lost a pope. Is the next one going to be the American pope?" Well, I don't personally I don't expect that. I do expect that, but not till in the tribulation. When I look at the quote, Brother Brandham says people refer to it looks like that that'll come when the bride is gone. I could be mistaken. I don't know. We might find out next week it's an American. It's an American controlling it right now in the inter room. He's like the interim pope. They don't call him that. Uh so I'm not here to get all down into the into the grinders of that today. I'm trying to give you an overview of prophecy that I don't it doesn't matter what president or what pope or they're going to sw I mean they could swap offices for all I know. Uh but so what prophecy is still walking. It's still walking through the pages of the Bible and you're you're moving along with it. Say how do you know that? cuz God's people always were moving along with it. And it didn't always come and it wasn't always neat and packaged like we like it to be. Right. Amen. You know, but don't I mean, don't don't make God put you in a re unreasonable s trial to get you to stop reasoning. Remember what he did to Abraham? Put him in an unreasonable trial just to get him to stop reasoning. Gave him an impossible question. See? So, all right. Now, let me let me if we can go back to Ezekiel 32. So, we read in verse 12, "By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them, and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt." How do you know this? Because he's God. Amen. Well, what if it doesn't work out that way? He will cause it. He's saying, "I will do it. I'm going to cause it." See, and all the multitudes thereof shall be destroyed. It doesn't matter how mighty your military is, Egypt. I'm going to wipe you out. That's right. Amen. And here's that quote from Dr. Graham, Billy Graham. Sin pays, but it pays in remorse, regret, and failure. Amen. That's not a payment system. I want to be on. I'm not looking to collect those dividends, friends. I don't I'm done. I I'm tired of remorse. I'm tired of regret. I'm tired of failures. I want to move on to perfection. I want to move on to a body change. I want to have the capstone come down and and the and the full power of the Holy Ghost for that the dead for hundreds of years will rise out of the grave. Amen. I'm not looking for a revival. Brother Brandham said, "I'm not looking for a revival. I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. Amen. Meaning another age or another messenger. We certainly love revival. That's that's a different thing. All right. Verse 18. Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt and cast them down, even her and the daughters of the famous nations unto the nether parts of the earth. This is this is hell. And them that go down into the pit. Whom dust thou pass in beauty? Go down and be thou laid with the uncircumcised. They shall fall in the midst of them. They are slain by the sword. She is delivered to the sword. Draw her and all her multitudes. Verse 21. The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him. They are gone down. They lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword. See, they're uncircumcised is God's way of just saying they're not Jews, right? The whole world are not Jews. They're uncircumcised. The Jews, the Abraham's family, his circumcised family was a particular treasure to the Lord, chosen out by God. It's why the world hates them. That's why they can't stand the bride. She's a chosen vessel. See, that's right. And so verse 23 or verse 22, Asher, of course, this is Assyria in the Hebrew. It's not Asher, the tribe of of Israel. It's not a a a s h e r, it's a as s h r. It's ashure. It's a it's a Hebrew derivative of Assyria. Um Assyria is there and all her company. See, they're already there because this isn't the Babylon that started out under Nimrod. That one rose up, then declined, then Assyria took over, lasted for hundreds of years. Now Assyria's destroyed. Babylon's back and Assyria's in hell. See how that's happening? Whose graves are set in the verse 23. Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit. And her company is round about her grave. All of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living. There is Elum and all her multitude round about her grave. All of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living. Boy, did they. Yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit. They all are going to bear this shame together. I'm going to tell you something. They can say, you know, they can say like we say, they can say, "Boys, we're all in this thing together." And actually, you're going to read that they're actually a little bit comforted. Even Pharaoh's a little bit comforted. Like, I'm I'm not the only one who went to hell. It's not a lot of comfort. I'll pass. I'd rather say we're all in this together. Amen. And I don't plan to go down. I plan to go up. Elim is there. Verse 24. and all her multitude round about a grave, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living. Yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit. They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitudes. They're welcoming Pharaoh. They're welcoming Egypt. See, they're they're already there. Her graves are But Pharaoh never thought he would go. See, he thought he was a god. Her graves are round about him. All of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, through their terror uh was caused in the land of uh though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit, he has put in the midst of them that be slain. I said this to you a couple services ago. I've I've stood in some of the uh ruins of palaces of some of these great monarchs who just thought they had the power of life and death in their tongue. And remember, brother Brandham said, "Some of them you have to dig down into the earth to find where they ruled." They thought they were somebody and they were just a pawn, a player in prophecy. Sometimes in one or two verses and that's it. See, now I hope you're catching it the way I catch it. Because if this is whole nations and whole civilizations that flourished for hundreds of years and yet God used them and dispensed with them, gave them their choice. He knew what they would do. They did it. It served his greater purpose. Then they're in hell. You can see that election has no nothing can stop it. To which then I say that I am chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. Do you think that anything you could do up or down, in or out or sideways could throw that off? I I was in Christ before the foundation of the world. This gives me a a sensibility of how God chose me. This is this this this this informs my thinking when I sit at a stoplight and I look at the guy next to me and here's a woman coming out of a store and here's some traffic across and there's people behind me and I'm not judging but I but if I played the odds I know I'm likely the only elected seed gene of God. I wish they all are. I'll try to talk to them if they want to open a door. That's not the point. The point is what who who is man that thou art mindful of him? Oh, John says, "What what kind of love is this that we should be called the sons of the living God?" Amen. What love is this, friends, that rescued you and and rescued you out of a family and left a family? Rescued you out of a church and left a church. Rescued you out of a bar and left the whole bar. Rescued you out of a university and left the whole university. What grace is this? Hallelujah. Amen. Oh my, it's been so exciting as I my mind has just been in a whirl thinking about all this. So yet have the last part of 24. Yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit. 25. They have set her bed. I think we read this um verse. Okay, now we're coming. Verse 26. There is Mach and Tubal and all her multitude. This is a family reunion in hell. Yeah. Amen. Who are they? What family? They're not circumcised. They're not. Now, you could you could enter into that. You're You remember Uriah found his way in. Ruth found her way in. Yeah. Right. So, it wasn't impossible. It wasn't a boy club that, you know, members only. God made a provision that anybody who wanted to come in and serve Jehovah could could. He he had a way for that to happen. So verse 26, there is Mach Tubal and all her multitude. Her graves are round about him, all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they have caused terror in the land of the living. And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised. See, there was mighty down there, which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war. Doesn't matter what a mighty nation, mighty army, mighty weapons, they all end up in the same place. Yes. Amen. See? So, so he says here, "And they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be upon their bones." I thought about what a difference in the millennium when we lay our swords down. Oh, hallelujah. I won't study war no more. What a difference. They say, "Oh, bury him with his sword." What good's it going to do him? His bones are full of iniquity. He's going to hell. Amen. Oh, he accomplished this in the world. He accomplished that in the world. But did he terrorize the word of God? Come on. Amen. There's lots of inventions by men who didn't even believe in God. And we the world is a better place for their inventions, but they're still reaping their reward. Amen. See? Amen. They shall verse 27 uh verse 28. Yay thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised and shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword. There is Edom a very mighty nation in in its day. There is Edom her kings and her princes with their mighter laid by them that were slain by the sword. They shall lie with the uncircumcised and with them that go down to the pit. There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain, with their terror. They are ashamed of their might, and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword, and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit. Pharaoh shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude. Even Pharaoh and all his army slain. Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword, saith the Lord God. Verse 32. For I have caused I have caused my terror in the land of the living, and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord God. Amen. You know, there's a brother Brandham took a in leadership, and we're not going to look at all of the ones, but two that he took particularly was Moses and Pharaoh. And we find out that Moses chose wisely. The book of Hebrews 11, sorry to jump you, brother Mark, if you can give me Hebrews 11:25 and 26. Uh Paul in his faith chapter here says concerning Moses choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God. Hebrews 11:25 choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season. Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt. For he had respect unto the recompense of the reward. Amen. I just think that you need a healthy recompense, a healthy respect to the recompense of the reward, good or bad, blessing or cursing. See, uh, life or death, I I think too often times we run recklessly through life and we don't think about I'm investing and there's going to be dividends paid out. See, so Moses chose the harder way. He chose uh as the NLT of verse 25 and 26 in the NLT, he chose to share. Catch these words. He chose to share the oppression of God's people instead of enjoying the fleeting pleasures of sin. He chose to share the oppression of God's people instead of enjoying the fleeting pleasures of sin. He thought, here's what Moses thought. He thought it was better to suffer for the sake of Christ than to own the treasures of Egypt, for he was looking ahead to his great reward. So Moses isn't even uh there's no record that Moses has had Ezekiel's vision. See, Moses knows that judgment is coming and God's going to judge Pharaoh. He's going to judge Egypt and he's going to spoil them. But after the after Israel left Egypt, Egypt didn't meet their fate yet. They lived on. They were invaded and counterinvaded and be and actually later on many hundreds of years, Israel made a mistake of trusting in their military to defend them against the Assyrians which didn't end well. See, so we find that Pharaoh is the one who chose poorly. Moses chose wisely. Pharaoh chose poorly. So, Ezekiel 32 contains this whole series of lamentations and prophecies concerning the downfall of Egypt and its Pharaoh uh along with all these other nations that we read about that were destined for destruction. And and for each one of them, doom is prophesied. And and and so I want to I want to look now at first at Egypt and Pharaoh. Let's see. Do I still got Am I still uh Let's have my PowerPoint back. All right. See if I got control. So, Egypt and Pharaoh, we find and let me just give you the history as we look at it a little bit. And and and this was where a lot of the work was because you you you've got to source it all and you've got to track it back and make sure it's all correct. So, Pharaoh, if you'll notice when we read in the Bible, he's likened to a sea monster. A lot of lot of it says it says a whale. Yeah. But it's a whale that it was like a whale, but it walked on its feet. Did you catch that? So, it was like a sea monster that was literally taken out of the water. You ever take like a fish, he's a he's a mighty swimmer in the water, pits him on the land, and just flops around. He's helpless. Anything can destroy him. Any predator walk up and kill him. And the water, he's got a chance to get away, but not on land. See? And so we find that he's he's like a sea monster that's caught and drugged to the land and slain and left for the scavengers. And the land of Egypt uh is for is foretold that they're going to experience a terrible desolation and the waters are going to be darkened and its populace is going to be scattered. And that if you and I'm not taking the time today to track the Hebrew words, but but the fact that the sky was darkened and things like that indicate a political disturbance. So, so it's this I I I say that to to to to get you to understand this was real life just like you have. And they lived in a nation and they had politics and they had science and they had religion and they had people who worked jobs and had families and took vacations just like you and me. See, so the Bible is careful so that you don't just go, "Oh, this was in a a long time ago in a galaxy far far away." No, this was right here on earth just separated by some years and you're you could just as easily be them then and they could be you now. See, so his historical records indicate that Egypt actually faced significant invasions and defeats according to the prophecy. Uh notably we find that Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon uh nearly destroyed them. All right, you say, "Yep, there goes Egypt." Not so fast. Hold on. And they survived. It's not all neat and clean. Nebuchadnezzar walked in and destroyed them, put them to tribute, but they finally managed to get a little bit of autonomy and slowly over politics and their emissaries and treaties and deals and political pressure and financial incentives. They ma they managed to finally just like today nations, you know, it's all it's all about let's make a trade deal. Let's have all this going. Do you understand? This was life and this is life and it's the same life. Amen. It's the same events. This is prophecy. This is prophecy. And so, so we find then that that that they actually were were able when when Babylon came in around uh 568, 567, they went into a substantial decline. But it would it would take it would take about another um another probably uh probably at least another 50 years if I'm doing the math quickly in my head. It would take roughly oh actually more than that. It would yeah about I would say about 40 to 50 more years and just when they think okay we survived it and then here comes uh CBC I of Persia and after that mm- no they're done they're done they never recover from that. the Assyrians. Uh let me turn off and turn back on. So we read about the Assyrians. Remember they were Asher but in but in but in the Assyrians we the Assyrians we find out that they were they in our prophecy they were depicted as having already fallen. remember they were already down there and I told you how they had rose up and even put Babylon under their feet only to decline and then Babylon resurfaces and and they actually already fallen with its warriors lying in the depths of the pit as the Bible says slain with the sword and so the Assyrian Empire actually fell in 612 BC with the sack of Nineveh Nineveh by a coalition of Babylonians Mes and others that effectively ended its dominance. So why why was it in hell? Because it it it reaped the the pay the reward, the dividends of terrorizing the earth. They didn't just terrorize Babylon, they terrorized Israel. They terrorized God's people. They were very, you remember Jonah was sent to them and and Jonah preached and their king repented. But do you know later they backslid backslid and God's prophecy still came to pass. It only got delayed. Amen. See, so it doesn't matter. I mean I mean you you can see how that was it um uh Jeconiah the young I don't think that's who it was. I think that's the one who went into captivity. But it was the young king who who got with the priest and and and began to try to do some restoration work in Israel and he tore down all the altars. And God had already prophesied to Israel, you're going into captivity. That's it. I'm done with you guys. And because of the ze the zeal of this king, God came down and said, "Okay, I tell you what. I won't do it in your lifetime. Amen. It's still going to happen because I've already said it, but I won't do it in your lifetime." And he died and it never happened in his lifetime, but it happened later. And so, so we find then that that this effectively ended the Assyrian uh dominance. And so then you move to Elum. And Elum's multitude uh are described there as slain, having descended uncircumcised into the lower parts of the earth, bearing their shame. Remember that? And and of course, Elum was located then in we realize located in what is present day uh southwestern Iran. And they were now here here's a plot twist. They were conquered by the Assyrians who later got destroyed. And then they're all there together. It's all one big party of destroyed and destroyed nations. Amen. See, and so they were conquered and later absorbed into the Persian Empire under Cyrus the Great in the sixth century. Meek and Tubal, we find now uh or no, this one is correct. Uh Meek and Tubal, just to give you a little bit of history, these nations are portrayed again as uncircumcised, slain by the sword, having caused terror in the land of the living. They are believed to correspond to regions in modern-day Turkey, today, what we would call modern day Turkey. And they were eventually, even though they were autonomous and independent and had families and had government and worked jobs and made money and took vacations, they were eventually completely absorbed um by successive empires that included the Persians and later the Romans. Amen. So it it's almost like the only thing that is certain is if you remain in a category before God of uncircumcised, which just means you're outside the covenant. If you choose, it doesn't matter what kind of nation you are or what you accomplish or how many centuries you survive, you will ultimately pay the price. So no wonder that this nation is doomed. No wonder all the nations are doomed. No wonder the third woe is going to sweep it. No wonder it'll be an extinction event. God is done. He's ready for a new millennium. Amen. And people say, "Oh, it's not going to happen." Oh, did it? Oh, it didn't happen. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I didn't realize that it that it actually didn't happen. None of this happened. Every bit of it happened. That's happened in real time. And a prophet called it out past, imminent, and future. Amen. And so, so we go on. Let me let me let me come to another one. So, we had Whoa. You're not I don't care technology. I'll preach without you. So then, so then we go on to to Edom. And Edom's kings and their princes are said to lie with the slain despite their former might. And they had a glorious Edom had a glorious might. And and and but now they're sharing in the fate of the uncircumcised. And and it was situated south of Judah. It faced numerous conflicts with neighboring states. But by the time of the 6th century BC, working our way down toward Christ, uh it had been significantly weakened and was eventually absorbed into uh the Nabotene kingdom. So, uh see you guys see it wouldn't want to be you. Seemen, and then finally, you get the princes of the north, the Sidonians. Now, I've got an error here I want to correct before it goes out over the internet. I've got the Persians and Alexander was actually uh the Assyrians. There are those Assyrians again, man. They're You can see why they're terrorizing the whole world. You can see why the scene opens up and they're already in hell. See, and so it they're depicted as having gone down with the slain. And again, there it is bearing their shame. They're for causing terror through their might. And uh history shows that it it these princes of the north it's a little bit the scholars are a little bit in um not perfectly aligned but the general consensus is that they were mainly um leaders of northern citystates or regions possibly including and I from what my research it looks almost certainly areas like Phoenicia and Sidon a prominent Phoenician city probably the most prominent Phoenician city where you get phonics. Yeah. Okay. So, I mean the these people have contributed to the world and so we we find out that that that Assyria sacked them and then later Alexander the Great 3 in 332 uh BC uh sacked them. All right. Now, all right. Now, let me do some summing up for you and give you some of my reflections on all of this. So we've got these combined nations and you've got Egypt, you've got Assyria, you've got Elilum, you've got Mach and Tubal, you've got Edom, you've got the Sidonians, the Phoenicia, those princes of the north. And let me give you some numbers. the estimated combined population of all six of those kingdoms. And it's it's not exactly uh it's a it's a wide range, but scholars say somewhere between five and a half to 10 million souls uh in in those six in those six nations. And so, you know, th this this is uh it reflects their approximate populations at uh when they were at their peak. That's not even to say all the all the souls they ever had. That's just at their peak. That was their population uh level near the time of their decline. All right. Egypt was estimated to have 3 to 5 million. Assyria 1 to2 million. Elum half a million to 1 million. Meek and Tubal.3 to points a little over half a million. Edom uh quarter to almost a half a million. The Sidonians a half a million to 1 million. So the total estimate is somewhere around 5 12 to 10 million. Uh and they're and they're a little bit rough estimates from ancient ancient records. So what I what stood out to me is that these populations didn't just fluctuate due to war. They also fluctuated due to famine. They fluctuated due to disease. They fluctuated due to force migrations. So, it was war, it was famines, it was disease, it was migrations, and and I just say, my goodness, it it's basically every factor that makes up human life in existence since the Garden of Eden. Amen. And so, I guess the takeaway is, friends, there's there's no there's there's no certainty. The world has only an uncertain sound. There's only one certain sound. There's only one record that you can reliably depend on. 100% of the time. Amen. Ezekiel where he writes this is just after shortly after the u Babylonian exile around 585 BC. Uh and so so the the these declining nations they happened over a period of time as I've stated before both before and after Ezekiel's civilization. I don't want to bore you with all of the years and dates exactly. I just wanted to make sure I had them correct. But let me let me give you uh some sum some some summations. So you've got you've basically got about 5 12 to 10 million people. And everything that we read and we showed on the screen was events that were modern in their day, past events, modern events and modern events that were coming. Just like when brother Brandon preached modern events, 70 more years of events were coming. See? And so you're you're covering 5 to 10 million people and you're covering approximately three centuries. All right? So you've got about 5 to 10 million people. You've got 300 years of unfolding history. And you've and during this three centuries, you've got cascading declines and and conquest and desolations. And one would rise up, then decline, then another would come in, then another would rise back up, crush him, and then he would look like he's gone, and then come back around, and then at the end of the day, they all ended up in hell. Yeah. Amen. Amen. All of this history. Now, I want you to This This was like a This might be antilimactic to you, but it was like a a a moment. I had a moment in my mind when I thought about this that all of this history, all of this science, today the world is so proud of history and science. All of this education, all of this political might, military might, military superpowers. Yeah. Amen. Political superpowers. 5 to 10 million souls over 300 years of history reduced to 32 verses in one chapter of one book of the entire Bible. My goodness. Is that an aha moment for you too? Yes. I was staggered by that. I thought 5 to 10 million people 300 years of politics and military and social and education and all this and it all comes down to 32 verses in a single chapter of the single book in the entire Bible. Amen. Amen. And then they want to mock God and say he's not in control. And God just reduces six six empires and 300 years and all of that and he puts it in 32 verses of a single chapter of a single book in the entire Bible. when I I went back and I did a little bit of research and I just I kind of added to my workload because again, you have to be certain. But let me just come and I I'm going to I'm going to wind down with this right here today because when you're doing stuff like this, you get sponged really fast and I don't want that to happen to you. You're going to appreciate this ancient history correlating it when we get into the deep book of Revelation and Daniel start correlating things that happened in the days of your fathers and things that are happening in your day. Amen. You're going to see do whatever you do when we get there, you remember how certain you feel right now because you're seeing all of this. See in Ezekiel 32 we find that um here was the contributions of Egypt. Now catch it because all of this is one chapter in one book in the entire Bible. One chapter in a single book. Egypt in their science. They were known for advanced mathematics including geometry uh astronomy, medicine, sophisticated irrigation systems. They had in literature they had religious texts. They had wisdom literature. They had poetry. They had autobiographal autobiographical narratives. They had in the arts they had monumental architecture, sophisticated sculpture, uh, hieroglyphic writing, vibrant painting traditions and decorative arts. Assyria was famous for their astronomical observations and records, early medical tests with diagnosis and treatments. Amen. They in literature they preserved extensive libraries. Uh there was one in Nineveh with over 30,000 clay tablets just in Nineveh alone, including the Epic of Gilgamesh. These people were no joke. They were major movers and shakers of the ancient world. Wow. They they had massive relief sculptures depicting military campaigns, palace architecture, intricate ivory carvings and metal works. Elim was known for early writing systems, metallurgy, and urban planning. They in literature they had administrative text and early legal codes. In arts they had distinctive poetry, sophisticated metal works, architecture, innovations and the and the protouniform uh writing system. My goodness, these people didn't rest. Amen. In in Mach and Tubal, they were advanced in metallurgy, particularly iron working. I kept thinking about the Bible says that Cain, you know, married and went and he built a great city and his offspring were met metal workers and artificers and scientist. And brother Brandham tracks uh Seth's lineage. They were simple people who just love the Lord. See, and so so we find that they had distinctive metal work, jewelry, and weapon craftsmanship. The uh Mach and Tubal were noted for their weapon craftsmanship. Ma they were major suppliers of metals and slaves to the ancient near east. Edom was famous in science for their copper minting techn copper mining technology metallurgical innovations. They architecture they had carved rocks structures and fortifications. Their arts were distinctive for poetry and crafts. The Sidonian Phoenicians they had marit they their science was maritime navigation astronomy for seafaring purple dye production and literature they developed the phonetic alphabet that influenced most of western writing systems today in arts they had glass blowing techniques intricate ivory carvings metal work and textile production all of that is in 32 verses in one chapter and one book of the entire Bible. History has volumes and volumes. They write about it. History, the way mankind thinks, the there there are whole sections of the Library of Congress. There are whole sections of any library you go into that you can find books and books and books and books and PDFs and PDFs and PDFs and essays and essays and essays about the history that God stuck in a single chapter in 32 verses in one book of the entire Bible. Amen. All that culture, all that science, all that history, all that art, all of that literature, and God just shows it was all in my plan. I allowed this to to do this, then did that, then I stopped that, then this was done. So, I pulled it down, put this back up, and I walked it all down through history. I'm here to tell you something, friends. That's where we are today. How did we get here? One step at a time. One prophecy at a time. One act of God at a time. Could I say to you today, you can trust the Lord. He's got you. He's got this. He's got the whole world in his hands. I think of ever a song or we are to have the children sing. He's got the whole world. I remember my boys used to sing that when they were little. One of the first songs they learned. He's got the whole world in his hands. And I'm glad. Yes, sir. I'm glad that God is in perfect control of it. You know something, friends, and I I told the Lord I would I would say this. I didn't I had no clue it was going to be for today. But I said, 'Well, if you want it, you just bring it back to my memory at the moment, and if I feel led, I'll take it. You know, there is um there's a sense of of a human being. We're in this world and time is moving and we we wonder about prophecy. We wonder why is this, why is that? And I I if one thing that this study has done is fill me with confidence that nothing is out of cater, nothing is out of time, nothing is off base, I'm not off base, you're not off base, we're not out of time. I know we have problems. I know we we have our ups and downs. It that never stopped God. God's people have always had their ups and downs. Amen. And and we live in an age, you know, this age is so vile and so filthy. And you know what? Let's be honest. Just walking around in it, we get stained. We get a scent of the world. You can't even avoid it. In Walmart, in McDonald's, wherever you go, you're going to you're going to you're going to pick up that that kind of a a feeling of the world. And the whole world is worried about this and worried about that and the economy this and the stock market that and Russia this and and Trump this and all these kinds of things and a judge here and what's ever happening to the pope and what's going to happen next. I know what's going to happen in the next event in God's calendar. A bride's going to leave the earth. A bride's going to leave the earth. And and there is a there is a power I want to say to you today. There is a power in the washing of God's word that can wash your mind clean of fear, wash your heart clean of anxiety, wash you clean of guilt and shame. You don't have to go down to hell and lay there in your shame. You can be cleaned and delivered today. Do you believe that? I learned a lesson today in cleaning that I didn't expect to learn. And I I'm not going to look at her. She might get on to me. But Sister Debbie had a had a fiasco this morning. So I got to play Sir Galahad and come to the rescue of the fair maiden, which I do and uh I I like doing it. So So she had uh she had a where she had shaved around her ankle and had a little nick and didn't realize it had gotten blood on her skirt. Fortunately, thank God, my wife wears skirts long like a lady should and uh and it got down there and got blood on it and it was it was all over the rim. I mean, it was just like, "Wow, did you get butchered? What happened to you and we're ready to come to church and we're trying to get here to be on time for Sunday school." And so I can see she's just, "Oh my goodness, what am I going to do? I have to change. I'm" And I'm worried about her dress. I know she likes it and everything. So So here I am. Fortunately, I had all my stuff ready and so I so, "Hey, give me the dress. Go change. Get on a different one." She gives me that dress and here I am standing on a Sunday morning and I've got a woman's skirt, a dress upside down with this part in the big sink and I'm scrubbing away with water and and soap, which is not uncommon. I She knows I always rescue her and all of her spills and drops and crashes. whenever I whenever I hear a crash, I just set my stuff aside and get up, you know, and go in there, get back, I'll get it, carry on, you know. So, so I love it. I I love doing it for her. And so, but I'd never rescued her, you know, on a on a Sunday morning um trying to get blood out of her, out of her dress. And uh so I I took it in there and I'm standing there in the sink and I'm looking at the time and and I'm just washing away and I'm you know trying to actuate and I looked on chat to see what's the best way use cold water and detergent and then don't use warm water whatever you do and blah blah blah. And so when I put it under the cold water it didn't do nothing. It didn't do no I mean like it was just dry blood wet blood. It was not doing anything. So I thought well okay let's go to step two and get some soap. And I just started dipping it out the hand soap on the pump. And I just started taking each drop and just doing that all the way down. And then when I got all the way around and I came back to start again, I noticed something strange that I didn't expect. Science was happening. Science was happening. The chemicals in the soap are designed to break down the proteins in the blood, loosen them, and then if you just stay with it and just keep at it. And I started over and I got a little more. And I kept doing that. and it was a little more faded and I went all the way down and then I started back again and every time I I went all the way and there was probably 40 or 50 blood splatters and the dress was for every practical reason ruined. Do you know I'm quite proud of myself. I got every last one of them out. Every last one of them. There was not even a residue. Sister Debbiey's a witness. Can I look at ain't that right, babe? And and and I was so proud. And she's saying, "Thank you, Su. I'm so thank you for doing that. I said, "Wow, I've never had to rescue you from I rescued all your spills and breaks and drops, but I'd never have had to take your dress to the sink and try to get blood out of it." But it worked. And I thought to myself, I thought, you know, that we have a washing of the water of the word. And a lot of times you get caught up in stuff and you go, "But I read I read my Bible and I've been praying and I came to church, but I'm still got this problem." Just keep reading. Just keep praying. Just keep coming. It'll keep it'll start working. It's it's science. It's God's heavenly science. It knows how to clean your life. Oh, I'm here to tell you friends, there's no washing of your mind and your heart and your soul like the washing of the water of the word of God. And the Bible says we're washed clean. Not I I don't even have to have a stain. I don't have to have a residue. I can take every past failure and where I would have ended up like all the rest of the history and and I would have been famous in hell. But God rich in mercy came down and washed up my life and he's still washing it. Amen. And every day I feel a little stronger and a little stronger. Oh friends, are you looking for that hour when we'll step across into a whole another world and then all the history and all the culture and all the arts and all the science and all the literature and everything will will go bye-bye. Brother Brandham says he said on that day he said it he raised up and he waved goodbye and one of these days I'm going to wave goodbye to this sorry world. Oh my I'm looking forward to that hour friend. Stand to your feet with me. God bless you. We can't keep going on. We're getting late. Uh but but but have you enjoyed looking at history like that? We correlate it to modern day events. You're really going to be astonished at how much of your modern day has been controlled by things that you read in the book of Revelation. And the the students who all they can do is compare verse with verse miss it a million miles. Even though they hit miss, they miss the intrinsic depth. They miss the real kernel of the meaning of the word of God. Amen. Oh my goodness. They they can still read, brother Bob. It astonishes me. They can read the first eight verses of Revelation 1. We were dealing with this. And it comes down to the eighth verse, the eth verse, and it's Jesus. And he says, "I'm the beginning and the end and the first and the last. I'm the Almighty." Who are you? The Almighty. Yeah. But who is that? The Almighty. Yeah. And they can still go away from that and think somehow he's a junior second person and a trifecta godhead. What nonsense, friends. I'm so glad that we understand who he is. And then as if that isn't enough, then we understand that we have a part in his identity. Oh, happy day. Happy day. When he washed all my sins away. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Tony, what you going to sing, buddy? You don't know that old happy day, do you? [Laughter] Amen. Well, you're going to have to learn it cuz I might want to sing it when we come back come back to it again. Amen. Let's sing a couple songs and we'll we'll let you go. I have amazing. Thank God for that. He formed my heart before even time began. My life. My life was in his hands. If the word is showing you anything, it should show you this. He knows my name. He knows me. He knows my every se. Thank God that's true. And he hears me where I go. [Music] I have a Let's raise up our hands and give him some worship this morning. He calls me her. Yes, Lord. You call me. He'll live. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] He knows. He knows. [Music] Easy. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] God bless you s you can be dismissed in Jesus name. We'll see you in fellowship. God bless you. I have a breaker before my heart. Before even time was Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. And he me and he me. [Music] Take up your cross. and follow Jesus. [Music] Take up your cross every
