################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 250511-Jason WatkinsModern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.6 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    250511-Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.6
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjWsuXJ1QMU
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear Pt.6" on  May 11th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Let's all stand. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand this morning. Amen. If you're happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Just like Jesus said, Born again and all because of Calary. I'm glad, so glad that I've been born again. Let's put what I hear together for the Lord. Born again a change in me. Born again just like Jesus. Born again. It all because of Calary. I'm glad. So glad that I've been born again. Morning again. Just like Jesus born again because I'm glad so glad that I've been born again. Oh, born again. Heat. Heat. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. It takes him to bring that to pass. Amen. There's nothing you could do. Just surrender to it. I'm so thankful for that. 40some years ago, he came into my life and changed it and I was born again. Of course, that's when the battle started. The devil said, "Oh yeah." The Lord said, "Yeah, he's mine." Let's pray. Father, we thank you, Lord, for your goodness and mercy this morning. Father, we do thank you for godly mothers. And Lord, as we set aside today as Mother's Day, may we honor them every day of our life, Father. And father, as we gather together in your name this morning, pray that you'd overlook our faults and see our needs today. Pray that you'd bless each and everyone in attendance, those that would hear over the stream. Father, we just want to draw closer to you. We love to see prophecy fulfilled, Father. And as your word says, you just bring it to pass regardless of what we think about it. I'm so thankful for that. As we gather the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Lord, all that are in attendance, I pray that you would look upon the hearts. Lord, you see the need there. The most important need is more of you, Father. Bless your people this morning. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Won't you turn to your neighbor this morning and just say, "God bless you. Happy to be in the house of the Lord." Amen. Good to see brother JD. Amen. Amen. Brother Kevin, everyone back home. Amen. Amen. Me and my buddy uh Larry, we had practiced this song and I told him I I think we sung it once or twice, but it's called It's Your Season to Be Blessed. And um we want to try to sing it today. I know Sister Sarah, she she should know that song right now. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. [Music] It's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He'll open up windows of blessing. It's your season to be blessed. It's your season to be blessed. God made you promise you No heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I see it's your season to be through the fire. I've been through the blood. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's just your season to Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hey, what a what a mighty God we serve. Say what a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before you adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the god. Yes. Jesus is the god. Heat. Heat. Hey, we might go. [Music] Amen. Amen. I think we did in the key of D. I believe Jesus paid it all. [Music] All to him I owe. Sin has left this cris. He washed me white as snow. Jesus paid it all. Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. Sin has left this crimson st. He washed me why as you know Jesus paid it all again. Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. Sin has left this prison safe. He washed me white as snow. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owe a debt I could not pay. I need someone to wash my sins away. And now I see all gra. Let's raise our hands and worship. He made a death at Calary. He cleans my soul. I'm glad that Jesus did all I can see that I He made it in worship sing. He did not. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit this morning. Thank you Lord for you my sins away and now I seem Praise all name Christ Jesus that I could never Let's just close our eyes and thank God he's coming back to live him eternally be glory to be will He made him. He did not. I need someone to wash my way. grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a day that I could praise. If you don't mind, listen, let's singing and worship again. He paid a debt. [Music] I owe a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. I can sing a brand new song grace all day long. price Jesus paid that I could never pay. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brad, won't you come and give us a song this morning? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Hey, Brother Brad. Let's give him a hand. Amen. Come on, my brother. How many appreciate the Lord? Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, buddy. K of F. Brother, turn your eyes upon Jesus. We turn our eyes upon many things. Amen. Especially for you young men and young ladies in this day and age, what you turn your eyes upon, it's important. Things catch your eyes. The words of these songs, the song is amazing. And I'm so glad that we have the Lord. Amen. We can turn our eyes to him and turn our eyes away from all the things that the world tries so hard to pull us towards. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] Turn your eyes upon Jesus. look for in his wonderful things. [Music] When the things of earth will grow strange living in the light of his glory and grace, oh soul [Music] are you weary and trouble. No light in the darkness. You see there's a line for a look at our Savior and alive more abundant and free. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangeely [Music] dim in the light of his glory and grace. from death into life everlasting. [Music] Will he pass and we follow him there over us no more have dominion? Aren't you glad for that? Oh, more than coner we are. Won't you stand up and sing it with me this morning? We'll turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Wonderful. It is wonderful things [Music] when the things of earth will grow strain in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Well, his word shall not fail you. He promised. Believing and all will be well. [Music] Then go to a world that is dying. His perfect salvation to tell. Now just close your eyes as you sing it. Worshipful will turn your eyes. Jesus look for in his wonderful face. And the things of this earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Give me a kill G. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Sing it again. Something he's holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly. Giving me victory. It's a reality. I think he's holding me. Let's sing the first verse now. The trials of this world was getting closer. [Music] The pull I felt was more than I compared. I was on the verge of giving over the strength within myself just something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trifully. Giving me victory. It's the reality. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Satan laid before his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. I have found inside the revelation. The strength I need to keep me in his grace. I'm thinking for me every day helping me to overcome my God and become. Thank you for your victory. Oh, it's the reality cuz something me something every day. Oh, faithful save to overcome my guiding me victory. He's a reality. Something is holding me. Something keeping me me. He's a reality. It's a reality. Something he Amen. Give the Lord a hand this morning of praise and worship. Wow. He's very, very worthy of that. God bless you. Can be seated for a few minutes. Amen. I'm going greet you in the name of the Lord today. Happy to be in the house of the Lord and happy to be the house of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Um want to wish all of our mothers a happy Mother's Day. I got to do that this morning and was so grateful to the Lord for that. Amen. When you when you if you had Sister Jean for a mother, you get a little mini sermon every time you call her. And so she don't take much like a little like a little Energizer Bunny. Just give her a little whine and and she'll take right off. And we got to talking about the the end times and the day the hour that we live in. And my I had to alter some of my preaching notes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, today is an amazing day, not only for the occasion of Mother's Day, but uh some amazing things have happened since the last time I stood in this pull pit. Wow. So, we're going to be talking about that a little bit um as we go along today. And I I just wanted to wish all of our mothers a wonderful, wonderful Mother's Day. I told her, I said, "You know, Sister Mom, it's um it seems right and wrong to to call you today and say happy Mother's Day because every day is Mother's Day." And she said, "That's right." She said, "That's what brother Brandham said. Every day was Mother's Day." I said, "Well, if it wasn't for Mother's Day, there wouldn't be anything. Would be no people. Wouldn't be nothing." So, thank goodness for mothers. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, also just a quick reminder, um, while I have your attention about our weekend coming up next weekend, our special weekend there, we're going to have a kind of a a wonderful evening of singing and fellowship u both in here and then a little bit of uh refreshments in the fellowship hall. and uh the brothers um and the sisters will have been working very hard to put all that together. We we we we have to have it closed down today. We're sorry about that. We're just not ready. It's getting some renovations. And I just want to say that some of the renovations are actually our long-term permanent renovations. So, we're definitely underway. It's not all just temporary. There's a number of things in there that are temporary. Um, but we actually went ahead and put the permanent roof on it. And, uh, we're getting some long-term permanent furniture for it. Don't know if it'll be here. Um, there's a little bit of a shipping delay, so we may not have that. But, Amen. We'll have plenty of tables and chairs for everybody to sit. And we don't know how much company's going to come. We haven't really announced it out, but some people have heard and about it. I guess we talk about it here in the pull pit. So, it kind of uh, goes out that way. And then some of you others have invited friends and family. Amen. I want to um give a greetings this morning to Pastor Ibuka there um in uh in Nigeria and uh I think this this is their evening service and he told me they had plans to stream this service if the connection for them is good. It can be a little dicey there. So, amen. Praise the Lord. Pastor, if you're on, we greet you in the name of the Lord. If you can't make the live, Amen. then you perhaps you'll catch the archive. And so he wanted to have some thoughts for me on some of the events that have happened and transpired. I said, well, I'm going to be saying some about that in the service on Sunday, which is today. So, I want your undivided attention. We're going to go into some areas today and we're going to continue in our series. How about that? I mean, right in the middle of a series, uh, where event, you know, historical events are being made clear. And it's interesting. I was telling Chris, we were on our walk yesterday and and I said, you know, it's amazing to me that I I had been talking to the Lord because to cover, you know, the past events like we did uh last time where we actually went back into the ancient world, you remember that? And we brought you up through through that that great chapter there in the Old Testament and showed how that that what we see in history is determinate. It's determinate. It's not just u random. There's no accidents. There's only Gods. And so we realize that everything is running according to the plan that God had long before the foundation of the world. And so, you know, we're we're going to kind of pick up there a little bit today and bring it quickly more into the New Testament era. There's no need to just linger back there. I only did that so you could get the point. So, you could see that history and prophecy uh overlay. And uh the history is because of the prophecy, not the other way around. And so uh and we prove that because the prophet prophesied about six different nations and a couple of the events were in the past. Some of them were happening right then and some of them were in the future and they hit right on the head exactly like the prophecy said they would. So we're, you know, we're going to come and look at the New Testament era. And again, we're not uh this is not a a study on the book of Revelation per se. We're re we're referencing Daniel and and Ezekiel and Revelation and the Gospels and different places, but it's not an intensive verse by verse breakdown. Uh we're just looking I'm just trying to establish the principle which brings us to the modern day. So said all that to say this. So I was talking to the Lord. I said, "Lord, you know, that's not hard to do for me. Um, I've studied it my whole life. And, uh, I teach on it online, uh, for the last several years. And so to to to pick out all of these things that have happened in the Old Testament, that happened in the New Testament era, uh, you know, I can I can do that off the top of my head without even needing notes. I've done it so much. And so I said, "But Lord, what about, you know, we're we're trying to say, but what about modern events?" And I said, you know, we we had the opening of the seven seals. I can point back to that. We, you know, we we know that this is a time or an age or a a season of the bride's ministry. It's the ministry of the son of man. The word is made flesh. Again, we've reiterated that, reiterated that. We we've talked about that. You know, we've taught on the on the on the trumpets and the vials and different things like that. And I always enjoy that. And you know, I remember some of the points that I was making when we did a series on the vials cuz the the the vials are an escalation of the trumpets. The trumpets and the vials go hand in hand. They correlate. And the trumpets is God's dealing with Israel in world events, which which connects two world events. It's not u the seven trumpets is not a lesson on world events. It's a lesson on God preserving and restoring Israel during world events. And world events are happening because of he's working to restore his people in the in the interim. He's, you know, and while that's going on simultaneously under the seals, he's bringing a bride through seven church ages. And and you know, we've talked about that before and Brother Brandham said they all happen right in the end at a in a cluster. And uh and so we've been looking at that very carefully. And a lot of times people read the uh the the the vials and they say, "My goodness, what a what terrible things." But understand that that the vials, and I thought this was an important point I wanted to make this morning, that the vials are poured out in the tribulation period in their fullness. But bear in mind, they're also poured out in the earth partially. Right. Every time a a church age messenger speaks to the gentile church and they reject it, a temporary judgment falls. So that vial partly cracks open. See? And so so so this is why brother Brandham would would say, you know, these things can happen between the sixth and seventh church uh sixth and seventh seal, sixth and seventh trumpet. And you wonder, well, how's that? I thought that the sixth uh seal was the tribulation. Well, it is. But you have to understand that the that the the that the punishment that the judgment of that that that vial and that trumpet partially opened up before uh even the prophet came on the scene. See so so you realize that before even the ministry of Elijah which comes down in a little interval of time uh to catch to perfect a last day brideg. So, you know, the thing to remember is that when you see that partial judgment happening, whether it's in the New Testament Gentiles or among the the New Testament era of the Jews who are blinded, or whether it's to the world, to the foolish virgin, to the remnant, that it that it comes to cause repentance. And that's big. It doesn't come to punish. It comes to cause repentance. Amen. And the the amazing thing is is that when God is pouring it out in the tribulation period, not just in the tribulation period, but even under its partial fulfillment, instead of repenting, people curse God. Yeah. Amen. And they miss the whole purpose of it. It's actually God rich in mercy trying to partially warn the people before it comes in the tribulation. And that's what preaching does. That's what the preaching of the gospel does. It's not because preachers have it in for you and we like preaching hard things. We don't. Those things up tear our insides up. Uh but it's because that the Holy Spirit is trying to get uh repentance and he's trying to bring us back to our senses. That's what the gospel is for. Amen. So in these ways, we we appreciate what God has done in our day. And and so I you know I today I I want to look at some of these things and take you through quickly New Testament times and we're going to hit some things that we're are familiar to us and I want to make some points a little bit what I'm making now. I'm almost getting ahead of myself. I'm trying to hit the brakes because I haven't even read my text. But you're going to see my my my fox's tail is on fire this morning. So, we're we're trying to uh run through the Philistine fields and burn them down. Amen. Praise the Lord. And if you got any Philistine fields, I want to set them on fire. Praise the Lord. Amen. And burn them out of your life completely. That's what the gospel comes for. But uh you know, it it is a it is a beautiful thing what what God is doing and I look forward uh to what we have today and what's coming in other in other sermons. This will not complete the series today by any means, but I want to catch this epic moment because you know that was that was so ironic to me that I was saying, Lord, but what what epic event. I can go back and look under under the trumpets and vials and I can see four 200 million demon chargers released at Euphrates to drive the Jews back to the homeland. I can get that. I can see and we're going to talk about that briefly. We're briefly going to talk about the one prior to that under the fifth trumpet in fifth vial. You're going to find where uh a star falls from heaven. Yeah. And that's Lucifer. And he's given the key to the bottomless pit. And that's happening right at the turn of the 20th century cuz it's prior to the woes. Yeah. See, uh and and so I can say, Lord, I can point to all that, but and yes, the seals are open and yes, the ministry of the son of man. And yes, but Lord, what what what am I going to point to as the most epic event? We're going to talk about Trump. What would I say? Is he the last is he the final last trump? I don't know, you know. Uh and then two days later, the world is stunned. The whole world is stunned. And Sister Mom was commenting to me on our call this morning. She said, "You know something?" She said, "Have you seen the the headlines of all those people there that were in in at the basilica there? How many? I forget how many. Tens of thousands." And she says, "They're they're jumping for joy and they're jubilant and they're they're shouting and glorifying." And she said, "And they don't know, but the bride is around the world shouting and glorifying God, but for a completely different reason. The same cause, but a different a different meaning behind it." Oh, what an hour that we live in, friends. Amen. So, so God bless you today. We're going to stand you back to your feet before I just keep right on going. And uh so just a reminder about our weekend coming up next weekend. And uh we hope you like the u temporary improvements we've made to the fellowship hall and the permanent ones that we're making. And so we're we're definitely squarely back underway again in our renovation. We're uh we're just trying to get things up and rolling again. So, be in prayer. What God can have you to do to help. Amen. We're all in this thing together, friends. Praise the Lord. All right. Uh Revelation this morning, I want to um let me see. Um I think I What which one did I send you guys? Uh the the scripture that we're going to read today. Six. Six. Uh eight, I think, or nine, didn't I? Yeah. Seven. Okay. Very good. Yeah. Correct. All right. Get my all my ducks in a row and Amen. all my butterflies flying in the same direction. Revelation 6:7. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, "Come and see." And I looked, and behold, a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beast of the earth. Let's pray. Father, we are marking this day as as as as almost Father, a milestone. Not almost, but definitely a milestone, Lord. And I could not help but ponder the ramifications of it for these number of days. Even as I stepped onto the landing, Lord, to walk onto the platform. And I thought, Lord, I'm walking onto this platform today under another milestone. Something that we have looked for that's been on the books, Father, for decades. and the while the world just sees it as a surprising turn, they have no no idea the the the height and depth and breadth of what it means. Father, I pray for your mercy today as we look into your word. I commit myself into your hands and ask your blessing to be upon us now as we look at it very carefully and Lord uh very humbly in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. when last we left off, we were speaking about the six kingdoms there. We we read it out of the Old Testament and how that there was prophecy concerning these six kingdoms. And one of the if not the last point that we concluded with and I thought that it was worth repeating today is that we looked at a span of time. We looked over six kingdoms. Kingdoms that had been very powerful in their day. Kingdoms that had had great grandeur. Um and and we we and they covered a span of three centuries, a little more than three centuries, and involved somewhere between 5 and a half to 10 million people. And that, of course, that's just as I remember when I was doing my research, that's at the peak uh with all of their peak populations recorded. It's not to say every single human every single human that lived over 300 years in those in those uh kingdoms would probably um impact that number quite a bit. But but in their peak adding them all together and it's a little bit difficult with ancient history because the records aren't quite as good. But we found that the closest estimates put it between 5 to 10 million over three centuries. and all of those people and all of that life and all of those families and all of those jobs and careers and governments and politics and kings and palaces and armies and wars and battles and vacations and taxes and everything. Three centuries worth of of 5 to 10 million people and God summed it up in 32 verses of a single chapter in the in in one book of the entire Bible. And that was impactful to me. And you know we brother Brandham when he preached leadership I it's always been one of my favorite sermons there in Cavina one of the it was actually his last text sermon full text sermon he preached communion there in Tucson uh is the very last but this as a full text sermon he preaches leadership where he's com contrasting Moses with Pharaoh and uh and and you know we were we were talking about the whole premise was the difference between Moses uh end and Pharaoh's end. And yet in life they had very contrasting life. Moses had every opportunity for riches and and treasures and glory and fame and fortune and he could have had all of that. But the Bible talks about, brother Caleb was actually talking about that this morning, how that, you know, Moses when he looked upon the suffering of of of Israel, that's that doesn't mean he didn't see the riches of Egypt, right? Amen. But he made a conscious decision looking at Egypt, looking at the treasures. And Paul said that Paul mentions that you know Moses was not unaware of the opportunity that laid at his feet. He was not unaware of the treasures and the riches and the fame that he could have. But we realize that looking at that he turned his gaze toward suffering, toward hardship. And you say, why would anybody in their right mind turn away from fortune and glory to suffering and hardship? And the only reasonable explanation is that the is that the hardship joined him to a family and riches and glory joined him to a family. And Moses was deciding which family do I want to be identified with? And that's a choice that we all make today. You're here identifying because there's only two families according to the gospels. Jesus said that that that a that a man went and sowed seed and then later an enemy came. There was only the Lord of the harvest and the enemy and one swed weed and one swed tears and there wasn't, you know, we got all kinds of nations and all kinds of ethnicities, but at the end of the day, it's the family of God. It's the seed line of Christ or it's not. It's the world. It's the children of the wicked one. It's the children of the enemy. And the whole world today is deciding what what family do they want to be identified with. And Moses was saying, I will let go of all of this riches and treasures and glory, and I'll take the way with the despised family. Amen. The family of hardship. Because do you think Moses is regretting that decision today? Amen. Do you think Pharaoh's probably regretting his decision today? Because the Bible talks about how he descended down. And can you imag and and I this this just blew my mind last time we were talking about it because it was it's hard to to grasp that that the that the sense of suffering and loss and f and the the impossible finality of what must be in the minds of those people who leave this world and descend into the pit. Yes. And you I I would say to you today that you cannot imagine the the the uh the unimaginable finality that there's nothing you can do now and it's over and there's no coming back from that. And Pharaoh so bad was that upon his mind that he actually took comfort that he wasn't there by himself that other sinners and ungodly who he knew to be ungodly as he was was there with him. Can you imagine what state of mind that you would have to suddenly be in that the that your comfort is is comforted in the fact that well all of us sinners are all in this together. I don't want to be in all of that together. Hallelujah. I want to be I want to make the choice Moses made. And we didn't even mention brother Brandham comes to the rich young ruler. We didn't even talk about him. But I'm afraid that that that a life, you know, um that that ends up there, a life that descends into that pit can only be described as one ultimately crowned with unimaginable bitterness, un inconsolable sadness and resignation to its fate. We see that in Daniel 7. We see that in Matthew 25. We see that in Revelation 20. No one, as I've said to you so many times again and again and again, no one's crying foul at the judgment bar. There's just a resignation. There's a taking ownership that I had a chance, I blew it, and it's over. And now, the one the one description that always gets me is that people will nash their teeth. And and I know that real nashing of teeth comes when the bitterness is so intolerable. when the bitterness of what could have been and what you missed out on. And I think that somehow when they see their fate versus our fate, the nashing of teeth, the bitterness, the loss, the sadness, the missed opportunity. Oh, friends, don't be part of that crowd. You want to be on that day with your hands up around the father's throne rejoicing, saying, "I'm so glad you called and I'm so glad I answered. We we tied it back to twin altars in the book of Genesis and how that Cain and Abel it all started from there and how that brother Brandham had showed us that you're going to worship something and so so you know um you're going to worship something and that's a statement that brother Brandham would make often. Uh it's a a dire statement. You're going to worship something. It's a determined statement. It's a definitive statement. It's a last will and testament. It's a final decree kind of a statement. And no matter what you think about it, it's a prophetic declaration and quite unbreakable. Amen. Amen. Quite unbreakable. You're going to worship something. It's one that cannot be avoided. And so when we when we look and let's have my PowerPoint, brothers, I'll turn off and turn back on. We were covering these four gentile kingdoms. We brought you there. The lion, the bear, the the leopard. In one other case, it's a goat. And then you've because it just depends on which prophet is describing it. In one case, it's an eagle instead of a lion. and another and so then you've got but always the fourth one is this is this incredibly terrible creature. So whether it's a lion or an eagle or whether it's a bear or ram or whether it's a leopard or a goat, the fourth one is undeniably something different. And he he has in one place he has iron teeth and he there's no one that can stand before him. And we we we know that this paralleled history perfectly. We're here in Daniel. This was the vision, the dream of Nebuchadnezzar with the head of gold and the the breastplates of and it's all silver and it comes down to bronze and then goes down to iron and then goes out into the feet of the fourth kingdom is a mystery. And the fourth kingdom is left a mystery that it would take a prophet to unlock definitively. Now, you've got all kinds of Bible teachers and students comparing verse with verse, and they hit and miss, and they hit quite a bit and miss quite a bit. And what I find is is that is that they hit on some of the obvious stuff, but the parts that they miss on are some of the most consequential things. The whole world is looking for an antichrist and trying to avoid it. And nobody knows that they just set it on a throne. Amen. Amen. They're they're looking for unity and they're trying to bring all of their organizations and denominations together. Sister Jean was just telling me about this new movement that made headlines where they're they're gathering of all denominations and they're saying, "Come down to the river. Come to the ocean. Come wherever." And they just had one. And I think they had 7,000 people from various denominations. Doesn't matter what you believe. We're all going to come and get baptized. All right. And you can see that that the whole thing of union and the whole thing of conglomeration and the whole thing of coming together and the whole thing of uh in the name of unity and the whole world is looking for that because they're looking for peace and safety. Yeah. But and and all of their Bible teachers who are students comparing verse with verse are saying this is the ticket. This is the way. This is how we go forward. This is how we'll survive. And they don't realize that that's actually a trap. And the prophet said it's a trap. It's a death trap. Denominationalism will lead you to the mark of the beast. Amen. See, so there's two things notable that brother Brandham talks about and and and of things that will lead you that will lead the world to the mark of the beast. One is denominationalism and the other is rock and roll music. Amen. Amen. Worldly music. Because remember music wasn't in in the creation. Music predated creation. Yeah. They were all there was already music and worship and musicians and song leaders prior to prior to Genesis. See? And so God God was already receiving worship before we find that Genesis verse one chap uh chapter chapter 1 verse two begins now in the beginning he created the heavens and the earth. So and brother Brandon talks about he created angels and then they begin to worship him. So you have to be so careful about the kind of music that you listen to. This is exact because music is supernatural. It predates creation. And you have to be very why do you think it makes you move? Your body intrinsically has a rhythm to it. And and when that certain rhythm and that certain beat and actually people who who study the science of music understand the beats and I don't understand it all. Uh I' I've looked at it a little bit, but it's it's interesting. They can take the same song. I I saw a man uh do it just the other day and he just took the song Jesus loves me. This I know for the Bible tells me so. Amen. And he just started talking about putting it on this certain beat. Jesus loves me. This I know for the Bible tells me so. It's very mundane. And so he just says now we just change up the beat and the rhythm. Then it's Jesus loves me and the and the and the beat is coming around. This I know. And he said and then it's a beautiful little song that children he said now let me just alter it again. And then it's and then suddenly the beat is different and it's the same song and then he alters it again and it literally it looks like something that you find out in the world like they took the lyrics of that song and made a horrible worldly song out of it. Amen. See and all they did was change beat and rhythm and and so that kind of stuff. So so if you'll notice in brother Brandham's vision that they were following a witch dancing to the beat of rock and roll. Yeah. And that's a that's a general term. Brother Brandham is just using rock and roll because that was the early ages of worldly music. Now it's metamorphosis into, you know, a dozen different uh genres. It's all the same thing. It's all led by the devil. Amen. And you know, so so you you even I mean they don't realize that they're following a pi piper. They're literally in a trance of a siren song being led to the rocks. Yeah. So when you find, you know, Homer and different ones writing of these things, those aren't accidents. These are things that humanity has understood. Amen. That that that e even even in his Greek mythology that that people were shipwrecked because of singing. Yeah. Amen. See, and they write a story about the pied piper. is all part of uh mankind's who he doesn't realize how connected he is to the spiritual world. A lot of them think there is no such thing as the spiritual world. It's more real than this world. Amen. There's a realm beyond this realm. You don't even see it. You nothing you have to contact it. But it is very influential. Yes. Amen. And it will guide your life. Young people be careful. We're living in a day where digital media consumption, I mean, unless you're going to, let's just be honest, unless you're going to go live in a commune, you're going to have a screen in front of you somewhere. I mean, to even operate in business, to even be in school, to even do anything, everything has went that way. We used to worry about a picture show or a television in our house, and we carry them around in our pocket. See, and and I'm not preaching against that stuff. I'm simply saying Paul knew we lived in the world and he knew we couldn't go out of the world. Someday we will. But but while we're in the world, we don't abuse it. We we keep a line of separation and keep the blood of Jesus to over your mind and over your heart. You need to pray pray constantly. Lord God, protect my mind. Protect my heart. God, clean my spirit. That's what the advantage of coming to church does. It's what reading your Bible does. What praying does. Amen. It's cleaning. It cleans your mind, cleans your spirit. I've seen people I've known it. I've seen it many times. Yeah. People who were not actually born again, but just came to church every week, two and three times a week, and they stayed living a clean life. And as soon as they quit coming to church, they went straight into the world. Amen. What What did that because they were not born again, but coming into church two to three times a week kept washing them, washing them, washing them, and it would refocus and repurpose them. And they and they would live a a varying degree of sanctification. Uh and there and brother Brandham called it living off the spirit of the church. So I I'm not against that. I'm happy. If you're not born again, I'm glad you're here. I wish I wish you'd come every service and let me wash you. Let me clean you up. Amen. And let me keep you near the well of water of life so that the that the Holy Spirit might get a hold of your heart one of these days. Amen. This is why we run a church like a hospital. We don't require people to be born again to come here. Amen. We only require decency and respect. And anyone who wants to come and hear the word of God is welcome to as long as they come decently and respectfully. Amen. So, so we realize then that that that these these kingdoms it was left as a mystery and students comparing verse with verse. This is exactly why brother Brandham said to unlock these mysteries like the mystery of the fourth kingdom, the mystery of redemption itself. Paul called it a mystery. Amen. Amen. the mystery under the seven seals. So the mi the mystery of the of the book of life, the mystery surrounding election, marriage and divorce, baptism, the original sin. Amen. That it would take more than just a student comparing verse with verse. Though that's good, that can hit. But like I said, a lot of the things they miss are the most consequential things. And so it would take somebody more than just a student comparing verse with verse. Though that's good, it would take someone with prophetic insight. Prophetic insight. Listen, God had already sent reformers and that had not brought the restoration. God had already sent brilliant men under the my under the man age. Men like Luther, men like Wesley, men like Calvin, men like Knox, great brilliant men, men like Pink, men like uh uh uh Scofield and and and men like Dr. price and great great scholars and had not brought the mystery and had not unlocked the seven seals. It took somebody with prophetic insight who actually had very little formal education to get in the way. I don't understand why people can't see the simplicity of God in that. Amen. So, we realize then that that this this white horse writer, let me let me do one quick thing here. See where I'm see where I want to pull up first. All right. So, so we we find then that it tracks all the way in this mystery. Fourth kingdom of course is Rome. And it once it gets into the feet, it's going to be mingled iron and clay. It started out gold and it comes down to finally clay, iron and then iron and mixed with clay and it goes all the way out to the two big toes. And the the next event is a stone is cut out of the mountain of God without hands and rolls and strikes it in the feet showing what age that's going to happen in. Not in the head. It strikes it in the feet and destroys it. And then and then from there the millennium is on. But so so we're looking then chronologically at the two big toes and it's not going to go past that. Now brother Brandham shows that the two big toes were represented in Nikita Cruchef in one and Dwight David Eisenhower in the other because one means iron, one means clay. And how do you make that up? How's that an accident? One means clay, one man. They're both world leaders. And you've got one standing at the UN striking the podium with his shoe. Not his watch, not his not a handkerchief. He pulls his shoe off. I read his testimony myself in his memoirs uh translated into English. And Cruchef says, "I don't know why I did that." Amen. He said, "I have no idea. I didn't even know I did it till they told me I did it." That's his words. He said, "I just wanted to pound on something and make a point." And he said, "I just reached around for something and he said, "I guess I grabbed my shoe and started pounding it." And and then he had to put it back on. So, here's a man that somehow went out of his rational thinking, didn't even know he did it. Amen. You think they won't take the mark of the beast and not knowing that they're doing it? Let me tell you something, friends. History is controlled by the supernatural. Amen. And prophecy gives us understanding of what has been and what will be and what is right now. Thank God because I already know my future is bright. Amen. I want to know about today. What do I need to do while I'm still here, Lord? How do I serve you? How do I serve your people? How do I go forward and gain glory for your wonderful name? Amen. So, so the big toes now it doesn't mean now catch this is an important point. It does not mean that the rapture had to come with Kruef and Eisenhower. What it was simply meaning was is that's the final order that's going to lead all the way out. And by the that order won't change. It'll be iron and clay mixed. It'll be these two superpowers going headtohead. And brother Brandham talks about Russia, an iron curtain and China. He says, "Watch red China, a bamboo curtain." He said, "Now don't be afraid of them. Just watch them." Right? Because they inform your thinking. And so you've got Russia and China, and then you've got the United States, and you've got Rome. And I'm sorry if the United States gets offended at that, but please tell me how our entire Supreme Court, twothirds of our Congress and more than half of Trump's cabinet are Roman Catholic. And there would have been a time when a Catholic would have never held a seat in government at all. When Jimmy Carter brought the Pope over here in the 70s, I read an article saying he was welcomed. Whereas in the days of Abraham Lincoln, he wouldn't have even been snuck in the back door. He's welcomed in the front lawn with hundreds of reporters and the whole world to see. Yes. Amen. You think that's an accident? That's not an accident. That's history being controlled in real time by prophecy. Amen. Amen. So we when we look through the ages, I want to keep moving. I'm gonna get slowed down. So this is very familiar to us. I thought I'd give you a screen that's very familiar. Shows our our St. Paul and Irenaeus and Martin and Columba and Luther and Wesley and Elijah. And a lot of times we'll have and I in one of my slides coming up I've got it Elijah and you say why don't you just put William Brandham. Well, a couple of reasons because first of all I want the world to know that we're not following a man. We're following an office that was put into the earth and there was a prophetic office anointed by the spirit of Elijah, not the Tishbite. The spirit of Elijah is the Lord Jesus Christ. It operated in the Tishbite and then came on Elisha, then came on John and then come on a on a gentile messenger in that little interval of time between the sixth and seventh seal and the sixth and seventh trumpet. See? And so we and it's just dropping him down because it's going to take more than just students comparing verse with verse. It's bookended with prophets Paul and Elijah because in in in the beginning of the early church, the mystery of Christ is made known and they've got the full abstract title deed and they're literally ready and perfectly qualified with the token to go to the rapture. The only problem and the reason they can't, the only reason they can't is because the seed had to go into the ground and die. Jesus said that otherwise it abides alone. He was never intending just to take that first 20-year church. He he wanted to get he wanted to get Irene's day and Martin's day, Columbus's day, Luther's day, Wesley's day, my day, your day. Yes. Amen. So, he's been 2,000 years filling up the role. Now, not only that, but you have to realize that, and I'm not teaching on this today because it would take the rest of the service. I I'm going to get to it in a little in other lessons, but you realize that brother Brandham operated as a prophet because he's born a prophet, but he's operating prior to the the anointing of Malachi for Elijah. He's operating as Revelation 3:14. He's the messenger to the Leodysian church age. And he's born out of season. He gets there late to the party. He's not even born when Isuza Street hits. And he says, "By the time I got among them, I found out they were just as broke up as we Baptists were." So he spends his what he later would call background trying to pull them together. He said, "I never took neither side. I stood between them and said, "Put my arm around them all. We're brethren." He knew their doctrine was wrong. He tried to tried to solve it. It it wouldn't work eventually. that would that was not going to continue because that ministry with that anointing could not brother Brandham said the church cannot go in the condition it's in and it cannot get any better. It would take uh it would take another level. It would take next level. And that's what this opening of the seven seals were because that wasn't William Brham. That's Christ in the spirit of Elijah coming down under the prophecy of Malachi 4 to anoint a messenger who's already in the earth. Amen. Brother Ram said it's very clear that the seventh angel is already standing in the earth when the mighty angel descends. Hallelujah. So we realize that he's a dual role. He's he's a he's like Paul. He's a dispensational angel. He's not just a prophet. We have New Testament prophets, but he's a dispensational messenger like St. Paul, like Moses was. See, like John was. So, so you find these these dispensational changes all down through. I'm not teaching on that today either. All right. So, then I know I sound like him, but I'm not. So, then we come here, and I I know it's a little bit of small print. I I had to fit a lot of it in, but this is all just uh um rehearsal to us anyway. Yeah. So, Revelation 6:2, "And I saw and behold a white horse." And you can see that it was the anointing of the lion to counter it. And of course, the the white horse rode for the first three ages. Brother Brandham taught us through Paul's time, through Irene's time, through Martin's time. So, he rides all the way through Ephesus and through Smyrna in and into uh uh Per I mean um um what's my third age, Jay? Uh Sardis. Yes. Thank you. No, no, no. Uh, Pergamus or Pergamus is four. Yeah. Okay. Let me go back. I got to make sure I'm right. Yeah. Correct. Pergamus. Amen. Got you, buddy. So, Pergamus. And uh and so, so we find out then that that that white horse rider, Brother Brandham said, he rides through those first. Then, of course, you're going to go to the red horse under Columbus, and you're going to find that Revelation 6:4. From there went out another horse that was red and this was during the age of Columbus a very long time and uh it's under the ox because he's now slaughtering the Christians. He's got a sword in his hand. You can see the horse rider here. The first one he has a bow but no arrows. And I could not no matter no matter how I worded my prompt uh all of this stuff I did myself except these images down here at the bottom. And I tried every kind of of of LLM and I said, "No, don't make him a divine person. It's not Jesus. It's the Antichrist." Every time it spit it back to me and he had a halo every single time. And I thought, "Yeah, because the whole world, these students who com who just compare verse with verse think that white horse is Christ." And brother Brandham said, "I used to think that too, but I realized it's not Christ. It's Antichrist. It's a deceiver. He looks like Christ. See, but he's a deceiver. And so then he jumps off of his white horse, climbs on his red horse, he's given a sword and a crown. And then of course we go into the black horse, and this is the man age now. And Revelation 6:5, "And I beheld, and lo, black horse." And so, and he's got balances in his hand. And so on and on and on. Not I'm not trying to get slowed down teaching all this. I'm just rehearsing this for us. Is that all right? Amen. So we we find then that under this man age it's going to go in the man age uh you see the man at the top. Now as you can see I have a a distinct line at the end of Wesley and Elijah and a distinct line at the black horse and the pale horse and and it looks like and then above that the man and the eagle are very distinct. What I'm not showing on this slide, which I will show when I do a blow up of just the last two ages, when we when we zoom in. We're not doing it today. But actually, the man age runs all the way to the opening of the seals. Amen. It's manage, not the eagle age. The eagle age comes under Elijah. The eagle age comes under Malachi 4. The eagle age comes under the spirit of Christ opening the seven seals. See, so actually this is why brother Brandon would say in many respects that Leodysa meaning prior to the seals could be in many respects considered just an extension of the sixth age of Philadelphia. Now why is that so? Because we know that at the end of the Philadelphiaian age an open door was set. Now a door is always Christ and it's an open door. So now it's a brother Brandham taught us it's a it's the beginning it's the beginning of a restoration of the deity of Jesus Christ and it comes after Wesley's gone obviously because it's a because Wesley died a trinitarian so he's already gone off the scene so it's right near the end after Wesley's gone it's in that lap time that bleeding time where these things don't end like that they blend and they lap over almost like a a a relay race with the baton on and they're one is running and the other one takes off running and the this one's still running and there's an there's an exchange and then this one slows down and goes off the track and that one takes off for the finish line. So that's what you're seeing which is not reflected here. So we we find then that that that he would that it's a a restoration and a beginning of the restoration. It's not the opening of the seventh seal but it is a beginning to restore the deity of Jesus Christ. This is why brother Brandham in one of his earliest sermons if not his earliest one in 1949 what's when you go to the table what do we have the deity of Jesus Christ because this is this is the this is what brought the oneness and people started saying no he's not three gods of course they went off into the ditch of oneness and brother Brandham said yeah you're wrong you're wrong as the trinitarian but for different reasons and so it took the seventh seal to identify the family of God in the godhead it took the opening of the seventh seal that's why brother Brandham taught us. You as a bornag again child of God, you are part of God's godhead. Amen. Amen. Find that in the average Sunday morning pull pit. Find that with students comparing verse with verse. It's only a prophet under prophetic insight can grasp that. See, because it's he would say Christ is the beginning of the creation of God. You are the continuation of that same creation. It's Mr. Jesus. dismisses Jesus. Amen. I still got you. I'm waiting for smoke to come out of ears. I want to make sure. You stay with me. I I don't want to see you in there blinking like, "Wait, what?" So, I'm trying to go slow. In fact, I haven't used a lot of slides because I think I can explain it better and let you use your own imagination. So, so we find out and you don't got to remember everything I'm saying now. I'm just walking you through it a little bit. I'm just walking you through modern events made clear again in prophecy. Amen. So we realize then that that Wesley's gone and so quite naturally then you're going to start to get what would later become what we would call the Isuza revival and we called it Pentecost now and we call it that. I call it that. Brother Brandham called it that. It was what they called themselves. But of course brother Brandham had enough understanding and taught us very clearly. Okay. In one way, and this is brother Jason's word, to call a Zuza Pentecost is a misnomer because Pentecost was what they had at the early church and that's what's restored. That's what Paul had. That's what Peter had. And that's restored only under the seventh seal. So, it's not the long awaited restoration. It's a it's a third element of a four stage restoration of the bride tree that began in Luther went into Wesley and comes as a third stage of restoration. This is exactly why some people they conflate in error they they m they mix up three works of grace because they say well it it's it's like the message is the fourth work of grace. It's not. You're you're conflating the works of grace which are always three. You're conflating that with the restoration of the bride tree, which is four. Amen. So, but but what that is of revival would eventually become, although no one knew it at the time, it would eventually become the shuck. Amen. It would put Christ out and reject the seven seal. Amen. And finally put out its prophet messenger. And brother Brandham said Pentecost, meaning that re th the the remnants of that great revival could not receive the seals. Now, so I said all that so you understand and able to grasp this next screen. So, we're going to see that I've got it pretty much here like a line of demarcation and it's not quite that that that neat. Uh there's a lot of blending and we'll we'll break it down when we take a closer look at it. But here's something that's strange. You remember when brother it's not strange anymore. You remember when brother Brandham talks about that Russia when they had their revolution and Linen came in for the second time. He failed the first time, but he comes back for a second try and he takes it and they actually execute Nicholas and his family. And uh how many remember some history lesson here? Amen. And they they chose communism. And brother Brandham said the reason that they chose communism was because they rejected the Holy Ghost when it fell. Yeah. Amen. And for years I wondered I thought huh when how when did when when did the Holy Ghost fall in Russia? And I found out that the Holy Ghost revival struck in Armenia which was part of the Russian Empire and spread and and burgeoned beautifully and it actually it actually started around 1890. And the zar at the time was Alexander II. And he actually had some moral fiber about him obviously because he actually allowed it to flourish. But here but but when he but here's two things that happened pretty close. He passed away and his son which was Alexander III predating pre previous coming he come just before Nicholas. Alexander III started preaching Russification and he did not because what had happened among the Armenians now get your thinking caps on is that that revival in Armenia a Holy Ghost revival. So it it it was genuinely a Holy Ghost revival. Brother Brandham called it that. Amen. But what it done was is it started spurring a spirit of nationalism among the Armenians and they wanted to have suddenly their own identity. They wanted to have their we're not exactly Russian and and Russification is like no no no no no we're not having a nationalist spirit. You're you're going to belong you're going to be part of Russia. You're Russian. You're Slavic. Don't don't go getting this people's rights thing. Amen. See, because Leodysa was just starting to blend in. And Leodysia means people's rights. Yeah. And it literally it was a revival that was sent by God, but a a a sidebar or a consequence or a byproduct of that revival was a nationalism spirit. You have a president today, and I don't going to make a whole lot of this. You have a president today who swept into office and broke all records, winning popular vote, winning electoral vote, winning all the swing states, control of both houses of Congress, and it's all on a nationalist agenda. Make America great. Say, are you for it or against it? I'm for making anybody great that wants to be great. I just know I This is my great. This is my great. You say, "But aren't you an American?" Oh, no. My America died a long time ago. Oh, I I love America. I love what it used to be. I love what it was founded to be. Uh but but we realize that what they stand for today is not what I stand for. Not at all. On neither side. And and so so they're all either Republicans or they're demonrats. And so you take your pick which side of the aisle you want to be on. I just going to choose Jesus. I'll vote for him. He voted for me at Calvary. I'll vote for him now. I can't lose. That's right. So, actually what happened was was the Armenian revival because the the open door was set at the end of Philadelphia. That set a revival off in Russia from 1880 all the way through. And then when Nicholas, I'm sorry, when Alexander III got a hold of it, he started clamping down on he started crushing that nationalist spirit. And and as he's doing that, he's hindering the real Holy Ghost fililled people. Yeah. The ones who are really the ones who are we're not talking about the the political movement that came out of that. We're talking about the actual revival pe the revived people. And he started crushing it. in in fact is by the time you then when he goes off the scene, Nicholas takes over, Nicholas continues his purge and finally in 1903, Nicholas finally the death nail to it that that revival was he confiscated all their churches in 1903 and effectively ended that revival. Well, what did it do? It just simply it went from 1880 to 1903. I know this is small but but when he crushed it then it went across the channel and it fell in Wales and it became the Welsh revival and the Welsh revival lasted night 1904 and 1905. So you got an Armenian revival from the early 1880s finally ending in 1903 because an open door set at the end of Philadelphia and now you've actually crossed over into Leodysian age. Now you're into the 20th century. Amen. And now that revival is put down, but can you stop God? No. Because he's he's working on something. He's working on prophecy. He's eventually going to get to California. He's eventually going to bring a prophet. He's eventually going to come down with an open book. He's eventually going to perfect a bride and redeem us and take us home. So, this is an accident. This is not accidental. This is God. This is history controlled by prophecy. Amen. And the Welsh revival ends in 1905 effectively. And what happens? Is that the end of it? No. It comes all the way across the pond and it lands all the way on the west coast on and they have an Isuza Street mission. And it was such an outpouring there because it keeps building. And it was such an outpouring there that that newspaper articles recorded that the fire department was called because the neighbors thought the building was engulfed in flames. That is a bonafideed verifiable fact. And and they came because they're they got a report that the building is engulfed in flames and it was just the glory of God. Amen. These are the kind of times where brother Bradom says, you know, they were in those meetings and they're having a house meeting. And he said that there's a sister and she's up in the middle of the floor and she's going around and around under the Holy Spirit and some bad people drive by and shoot through the windows and and absolutely should have pumped her full of bullets and not one of them harmed her. See, the these are the times and and you and you get men you you know before uh the year 1900, you've already got men like Parnan Lake and and Grant. There are and and then you get Seymour and Seymour's actually preaching the experience two years before he gets it. They laugh at him because they said, "Your wife's got it. You ain't even got what you're preaching." And then finally one day, Daddy Seymour gets it himself and he's speaking in tongues. And now and now and now it's on. And then out of there, you're going to get Bos the Bosworth brothers. You're going to get Smith Wigglesworth over in England. Uh, you know, he's all revived and and then you're going to have Arthur Pink coming up out of those some of those movements. That's more of a Baptist uh fundamentalist movement Pink was. But it's but it's a revival that's sweeping everywhere. And it starts in 1906. So you've got 1800 to 1903, then 1904 to 195, and then 1906, the Isuza Mission Revival begins. And that is going to run all the way to 1963 when they put Christ out of the church. But is the church done? The church is just starting and and a bride, an infant bride was born. Now listen friends, uh because but I want to say but wait, there's more. So now I don't have it on the slide today and because I didn't want to overt tax you with information. I want to just explain it in overview. I'm not teaching on it. I'm just explaining everything and believe me I'm just hitting highlights. So now when you come to all of this happening right here, yeah, you've got an Armenian revival. Why is God why why now? Why perfectly? Why does it have to be 1880 into into the 20th century, 1903 and then 1904, 1905 and then 1906 and then it's sweeping? Because what's happening is is while while the church ages are rolling for the Gentiles and seals are unfolding, first seal, second seal. Now, we didn't know that. We didn't know it was a charting of the history until the seals were open and then we looked back and went, "Oh, it was a charting the early church under the white horse and then the martyrs under the red horse and then the dark the black horse under the dark ages." Now we get it. Well, see the trumpets are doing the exact same thing. They're and that's what Moses and Elijah are going to reveal. Just like a prophet came to us and revealed what was happening under the seven seal under under all the seven seals. And we're like, "Wow." And what does that do? It encouraged our faith. Now we understand the history and I understand the future because the history hit. I know the future will hit and I understand what's happening now. So I have no fear. I my my head my heart is not troubled with fear. Perilous times are not putting me in fear because I know what's happening. Amen. I the book has been opened to us and we have the mind of Christ. And so our hearts are not failing for fear like the world. Amen. Satan cannot deceive us because we have the word opened to us. Amen. And when you have the word opened to you, Satan has no chance to deceive you. See, because that that the word that's when it's really open to you, that's the word is a person. It's Christ born in you and he's revealing his word to you through a prophetic ministry. Oh my goodness, friends. If I thought that this was just the doctrinal teaching of a hillbilly, I I would almost be embarrassed to tell anybody about it. But when I can tell them that the blinded eyes are open and the lame walk and the deaf hear and the dead are raised and the secrets of men's hearts are made known and there's signs in the heavens and in the earth and and and and there and it's indisputable all all through history. You can't do that. That's what that's what Dr. Davis argued brother Brandham against. He said, "Billy, you're just a boy. You're not even educated. You're going to pray for kings." Billy, what's gotten into you? you come to your senses, young man. Uh, and he said, "Well, Dr. Davis, all I know is that's what he told me. I'd pray for kings and monarchs." Did he? Yep. Amen. Have those families, the royal family of England testified. Absolutely. It's on record. He was there and prayed for the king and he was healed. I mean, friends, these things weren't done in a corner. It went around the world. People can say what they want and try to deny it now, but 70 years ago, all the living witnesses knew it was true. Not going to argue with dingdongs. want to try to say they know better now than the people who lived back then. Give me a break. I don't know whether to be more insulted of what you're saying or or to be more insulted that you think I would believe it. My goodness. I can read the record of of his peers. I can read the record of the men who didn't even agree with his doctrine but knew he was a godly man. That's a man who went 33 years and never had an accusation brought against him. Not women, not money, not popularity, not none of that. Try to do that today in the modern TV evangelist. Amen. My goodness gracious. Don't let me get started. So, so we find that. So, while that's happening under the church ages and under the seals, the trumpets are unfolding the history. It's God corraling Israel. If now you it you we don't have as clear a picture. We only get little spots where we can see it. two of the spots that we see pretty clear is is under the fifth and the sixth trumpet. And the vial always connects to the trumpet because they run parallel. And when we go back when we go back all the way and we see that there under the fifth when you've got those 200 million chargers who have been released from the river Euphrates. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't want to I don't want to get get myself out of order because it's real easy to do. All right. So, so I I meant to say I meant to say the the sixth the sixth trumpet, sixth vial, the fifth one. Now, here's here's another one. Brother Brandham gives us a clue on the fifth one because under the fifth trumpet and the fifth angel sounded. I saw a star fall from heaven under the earth and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. And he opened the bottomless pit. And there arose a smoke out of the pit as the smoke of a great furnace. And the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit. And there came out of the smoke locust upon the earth. And unto them was given power as scorpions of the earth have power. It was commanded them they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing. You see, demons aren't interested in the grass and green things. They want to torment people, neither any tree, but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads. And and to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months. And their torment was as the torment of a scorpion when he striketh a man. And in those days men shall seek death. Now, all of that under the vial is going to be played out in full in the tribulation. But what we what we are privy to is that the star that fell from heaven ties back to Isaiah 12. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning. So, Brother Brandham tied it back there. So now we know what's happened and and we know when this is because all of this is before the first woe and the first woe is coming in about another 10 years after Isuza. So the first world war hasn't even happened yet until around 1914 15 16 17 18. It starts it starts heating up in Europe. Then America gets involved and on and on and on it goes. But that hasn't happened yet. So this is prior to the World War I. So, this is right around the turn of the century. And what you find happening is is that Satan is cast down to the earth and he's given like a temporary power. It's how brother Lonnie used to explain it. Like a temporary power, he's unlocking the bottomless pit. This isn't even the 200 million million horses yet. That's still coming. That's even going to be worse. But he's given to open the bottomless pit. He's given a power. And when he opens the bottomless pit, demons come out. And brother Brandham would say later, Brother Brandham in his language would say, "The lid has been torn from hell and demon powers are streaming into the earth." Amen. So why? So now what you see, why do you think they could even have a World War I? Why do you think that women could begin to bob off their hair in 1912? That's called the bob. That's where it came from. and and and and chorus girls gave way to flappers and then flappers and brother Brandham says every generation got worse. And so so you see this is not accidental. The whole age began to be corrupted. Men's minds and churches begin to compromise. Demon powers are streaming into the earth. The bottomless pit has been opened. Amen. And demon powers are now causing evil throughout the world. And the world is starting to go off a cliff. and prophecy. So many prophecies are running in at the same time. In the last days, knowledge shall be increased. Men shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased. And I had another slide I didn't even show you where it just shows a meandering like a little meandering stream of invention and and progress and and all of a sudden it hits right about this time and it just goes zoom and it takes off in the industrial age and we go from agrarian. Those are not accidents. Amen. These things are being controlled by prophecy. You understand friends? It's being controlled by prophecy. And so, so what what's happening then? World War I is going to serve to start Israel on the on the return. They're trapped behind the Ottoman Empire. They're going to get out of there. They're going to level off in central Europe. World War II is going to come. It's just going to keep getting worse and worse and worse. So, why is God bringing these revivals? Why does he set an open door at the end of la of Philadelphia and start revivals prior to the 20th century? It moves into the 20th century. It keeps going. It's in Russia. It's in England. It's in California. Because when the enemy comes in like a flood, when the enemy gets a key and unlocks the bottomless pit and demon power starts streaming, God raises a standard to combat what what Satan is being allowed to do. He's being allowed to do it. Amen. Amen. See, he's being allowed to do that. That's right. So, and and and and I've got to break off. And so, so we're coming all the way out to the bride's revival in 1963 and all the way out to 2025. And I'm not dealing with the bride's revival today. We'll get to that in other coming lessons in this same series, no doubt. Lord, Lord willing. Amen. So, when we come to we come through all of the 20th century and I I've got to I've got to come to the I've got to I've got to get to the one more thing. And so, so we're we come all the way through the the Leodysian age and Isuza is born and it starts and brother Brandham comes in. He's one born out of season. They finally reject him. World War II comes because why? Because angels I'm sorry. Yeah, you have angels controlling the four winds in the book of Revelation and they're given a command. Wipe it out, destroy it. They've got the winds of judgment and war. But an angel ascends out of the east shows who it is. It's a it's it's absolutely Christ because he's got the seal of the living God. And only the Holy Ghost can give you the seal. And the one who can seal and the one who arises out of the east. And what is he doing? He says, "You've got to stop while we're already in the middle of of of the woes." Yeah, I know. But you got to you got to pause. Well, you understand that all of this history has been going and going. Yep. And we were given a commission to let's go ahead and get woe one, woe two, and woe three and and clean the earth off of fallen man so we can start a millennium. Yep. Yep. I know you're right. It's all my plan. I know you got a commission, but I've got an authority to tell you to pause. Amen. So, what do you want us to do? I want you to pause World War I. I just want you to pause the first woe. Well, what what what great event should we use to pause it? No. Don't Don't really do anything anybody can point to. Just stop it. Yeah. Amen. And World War I just stops. And nobody knows why. Yeah. And they asked the Kaiser, "Did you surrender?" No. They asked the the king of England, "Why'd you stop fighting when it was over?" Who said? Well, they said. Who's they? Well, uh, we don't know. Yeah. But anyway, everybody stop shooting. Amen. And it just it just ended. And that's a mystery to this day. They do not know who, what, how, when, or why it stopped. But it stopped exactly on the 11th month, 11th day, and the 11th hour of the day. Because because now you're coming into Revelation 11. Friends, you can't invent this stuff out of a hillbilly's mind. This stuff is the scriptures. This is a one with prophetic insight that has that has put all these pieces together and they fit. They fit perfectly. And so it it can't start again. And then and then finally and then when everything's in place, then World War II can begin. And under the second woe and the second woe say, well, the second wo is over. It's not. World War II's over in 45. Yeah, but that the world the World War was only part of the woe. It wasn't the woe. The woe doesn't end. The second woe doesn't end until the bride is gone and Moses and Elijah are on the scene in Revelation 11. And it says, "Now the end of the second woe, behold, the third woe cometh quickly." There's only 42 months in the whole thing and the whole world goes up in smoke. Amen. Hide me in the rock, Lord Jesus. So, you see, I I think I think I think I've accomplished if I've accomplished nothing else. I think I have convinced you. You should be convinced by ancient history, by New Testament history, by modern history that you can that that we can actually relate to that history is controlled by prophecy. It's not accidental. God is in control of it all. Now, now let me let me show you something else. All right. So, here is Yes, sir. So, here was the decision by the press before the thing. Yeah, I I screenshotted that when I read that the other morning, I think. And uh on the 7th, I think that's maybe the 7th. I don't uh actually it says Tuesday, April 22nd. My bad. But I but I just saw it and it says John Yep to Newsmax. Almost no chance of US pope. Almost no chance. They interviewed um US Bishop Robert Baron. He's newly appointed by Trump. He's the White House Commission on Religious Liberty. He's part of that part of that commission. Newly appointed by Trump. US Bishop Robert Baron. He was at the Vatican while the conclave was going on. And he was right before it started. He got there, you know, a week out and they're gathering and they're already starting their politics and he's moving among them because he's a bishop and he's moving in those circles and he comes back and he's testifying and CBS had this recently that this was before it all went down and he and he and he he came he came back quoting Cardinal George of Chicago. Now Cardinal George uh was very famous, very loved and 1937 to 2015. He passed away in 2015. So this Robert Bishop um Bishop Robert Baron is testifying they're saying do you think there can be an American pope and he says you know I rem he says I and he's quoting his old friend my old friend Cardinal George said it like this until America goes into political decline there won't be an American pope so there was a there was a rhyme to the reason he said and Baron goes on to say if America is kind of running the world politically, culturally and economically, they don't want America running the world reli re religiously. I think there's some truth to that that we are such a superpower and so dominant that they don't want also to give us control over the church. Amen. So, is America going to decline politically? Not until it's destroyed. Is it going to decline as a world power? It's absolutely not. According to prophecy, until it's annihilated. See, and brother Brandham saw that in his seventh vision. And you let me let me tell you something, friend. He saw visions that came to pass. Exactly. And and I have heard the silly nonsense argument about Hitler and I'm like, okay, first of all, you're wrong. It just shows me you're not a very good historian. But but I get that the margins are close. I understand it's 1933. He's he's he's about to be the chancellor. It's already a given. So for William Brandham to say he'll become chancellor of Germany, you say, "Oh, see that's not a prophet." Well, that doesn't explain Mussolini uh dying um a disgraceful end. It doesn't just it doesn't explain Hitler dying a mysterious end. It doesn't explain how that Nazism and and fascism fell into communism and are swallowed up by Catholicism. And we see it. It doesn't explain the immorality of women. I mean, all you got to do is go back to the middle of the 20th century and women wore skirts. Yeah. And men wore long pants. Yeah. Only boys wore shorts. You know, do you know? Do you know? This is why Brother Brandham didn't call it a sin for a man to wear a pair of shorts. He said, "You're a sissy." Yeah. It's not a not not a matter of sinfulness because a man's body is not sacred like a woman. But he said, "You're a sissy." And I thought, "Where where's that coming from?" And I went back and studied it and turns out that back in the day, boys were not allowed to wear long pants. You look at old pictures, they're in these little breaches, nose, knee things. And the the graduation where they get to be so proud they get to go in public for the first time in britches. I'm a man. Amen. And and that's what separated men from boys was boys wore little kneelength shorts. Now that's completely different. The thing that some men went wear today is not even that. They're wearing their wife's underneath garment. And I investigated that as well. And sure enough, shorts like that were part of a woman's underneath attire. She wore it under her skirt. And now, not only do women go out in their underwear, men wear their underwear and go out in this. Amen. Oh, get me out of this, Lord. Well, it's a truth. Anyhow, and actually, it's the Boy Scouts of America who actually because they put their their Brad, what do they call the clan leader? The the the pack leader, what is his name? scout master. Those guys started wearing shorts and and that was way back when it first started. And then suddenly men started going, "Well, that's kind of looks pretty nice and fashionable." And it became a thing. Yeah. So So William Brandon wasn't wrong. I just want that clear. He wasn't wrong when he said, "You're a if you wear shorts." Only little boys did that. You're just a child. You're not even a man. A man puts on bridges. Yeah. And if you're wearing shorts like worse than worse than knee length, then you're you're wearing a woman's underneath underwear. And and and that's why and then and then it flips over and a woman who puts on a pair of pants is worse than a woman who goes out in shorts even though in shorts she's indecent. Amen. Because a woman said to Brother Brandon, "Brother Brandon, I don't wear shorts. I wear slacks." He said, "That's worse. In shorts, you're just indecent." As if that's not bad enough. But but to wear a garment pertains to a man is an abomination to God. Not only is it wrong, but it's nasty and stinky and filthy to God. Amen. That's the truth. Let me tell you something. You know what I'm doing right now? I'm making modern events clear in prophecy. This is a consequence of Satan unlocking the bottomless pit. And demon powers are streaming into the earth. and you get under the influence of those demon powers cuz the lid's torn from hell. Resist it, brothers. Resist it, sisters. Let's be decent, godly people. We're close to the end time. Hallelujah. Amen. That was free. That's not on my notes. It's not on my PowerPoint. But I'm making modern events clear by prophecy. I might as well. So, we're not going to decline politically. So the thought is there's no possibility or there's no chance of an American pope. They've had I think 27 different popes since the Declaration of Independence. 20 or 27. I don't remember. I've looked at so many numbers. But and and there's it's always no way. Well, it was an Italian until John Paul who was Polish. And then you had um the German guy. I forget what his name was. And then you had Francis who was South American. And this guy, the the current pope is Chicago. Now watch what brother Brandham says here. All right. Because what you saw on the eth was modern event made clear in prophecy. Everybody good? You still can you give me a little more time? Come on. This is Brother Jason. I don't I don't wear you out, do I? Come on. I usually we're standing up by now, but give me about 15 more minutes. All right. Don't Don't be a spoiled American. Poor thing. So So I can I can hear those saints in uh uh in Nigeria screaming, "Amen. Praise God. So, Brother Brandham says this. Now, watch. Let me show you some more events made clear in prophecy. 1954. This is 71 years. This has been on the record. This has been on the books for 71 years. Amen. Acts of the Holy Spirit. I believe one of these glorious days when this United isn't it amazing. He calls it glorious. Yeah. But for a different reason. Like Sister Jean said, they were shouting and jump jumping. We're shouting and jumping, but for a different reason. One of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Churches goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. Amen. the real true believers out of the ones who have came out of Methodist, came out of Baptist, come out of her my people, Presbyterian, Pentecostals, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, the the ones who stay in that will take the mark of the beast. Full stop. If you're caught in a denomination when the bride leaves the earth, full stop. You take the mark of the beast. And many people are going to find out. They said, "Oh, Brother Brandham, I'll get out then." He said, "No, you won't. You'll only find out you've already been marked. Yeah. Amen. See, so you're never going to hear come up if you don't hear come out. The real true believers of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecost, and Nazarian, pilgrim, holiness, whatever they be, will go together and cemented by the love of God. That'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. All the believers and agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right on into the Confederation of Churches. 71 years ago. Yeah. He comes to 1958. So now we're 67 years ago. What about the Catholic? They want to unite the whole world under one. Catholicism. What about the Protestant? He wants to unite them all under one under the Federation of Churches. Just as wrong and black as the Catholics are, it's the same old lying devil. It's true. That's a fatal mistake. Amen. Catch it, friends. That's a fatal mistake. What do they want? They want them all to be a federation of churches. We're all under one head. As long as I can be the ruler. Catholics want them under one head. Pope can be the ruler. Russia wants them all under one head so communism can be the ruler. UN wants them all under one head so we the United States can kind of be the boss because we're the biggest nation. It's all the same devil. Amen. The lid's been torn from hell, friends. It's all the same devil. And every nation in the world is controlled by the devil. So the Bible says here we have no continuing city but we seek one to come. How many seekers do I have here today? I seek one to come. Amen. Now he comes to 1960. So where are we? 65 years out now. Conference. Listen. Thus sayaith the Lord. Repent. This is in Chicago. The pope is from Chicago. Yes, this is in Chicago 1960. Listen, thus sayaith the Lord, repent. I predict three curtains in the name of the Lord. There will be one called the Iron Curtain, which will be Russia. Watch red China. There'll be a bamboo curtain. That'll be the bamboo curtain. They're horrible. But watch that purple curtain that's rising in the United States and over the world. The Roman Empire. The crulest of them all. Remember in the name of the Lord, get away from it. Come away from it. Anything that's attached to it, flee to the rock, for the coming of the Lord is at hand. We need a conference. I need a conference to talk these things over with God. The church is at the end of her road. All right, I said that was conferences with Chicago. This next one is 61. Micah the prophet in Chicago. Let me tell you now, here we are a little closer. Let me tell you, thus saith the Lord, you better repent. Chicago, your hour is close at hand. Repent. Come, believe, cuz there will come a time that you'll cry for this and it won't be there. You won't receive a real, so there will be a false one give you. Jesus said, "I come in my own name. You receive me not. Another one will come and you'll receive him." Remember, I quote his words. It's on tape on record. He comes in the fourth seal. Now we find out here that this Satan after being kicked out of heaven incarnates himself in the beast and now he is a beast and a Christ false prophet and now beast and given the name of death and hell follows him fully Satan on his throne. Oh my. See, they didn't know. They knew that the pale horse rider that death followed him, but they knew his name meant death, but no one knew what to correlate that. Is it a death by a disease? Is it, you know, are these horsemen going to bring plagues or is it going to be a nuclear holocaust? What's it going to be? And it took a prophet to identify it and said, "It's denominationalism." And it's the Federation Confederation of Churches building an image to the beast. See, and you got a false prophet. Watch. And now beast and give the name of death and hell follows him fully. Satan on his throne. Oh my. On the earth. He is Satan representative on the earth. That he now is the head of the kingdoms of the world. The very same kingdoms that he offered to the Lord Jesus Christ. So, so now he's got a representative. Brother Brandham in the fourth seal is teaching on the on the false prophet. He said he says the kingdoms that he offered to the Lord Jesus in Matthew 4, Satan now becomes a full king. Now this happens later on he is false prophet now he will become beast. So he's talking about that Satan has his representative in the false prophet and you realize that and I don't have it here on on my slide but let me just refer to it. So, brother Brandham talks about how does the false prophet persuade billions of people. Yeah. Amen. To go into the tribulation under a mirage of a confederation of churches and image to the beast. And brother Brandham says he prophesies them right into it. Amen. So by feeding on his false word, they take a false doctrine. They believe a lie and they follow him right in thinking it's peace and safety thinking it's the answer and it's it's a death sentence. It's a trap. If a false prophet pope by his preaching, that's what makes him false cuz he's preaching false doctrine. And if he can absolutely cause people to go into a tribulation, cannot God send us a messenger and by the preaching of that word, cause a bride to gather around the carcass of the word of God and not go in a rapture, not go in a tribulation, but go up in a rapture, I say yay and amen. If a false prophet can preach them into it, a true prophet can get me out of it. Hallelujah. And that's where that's what I'm preaching about today. You're living. You are a modern event made clear in prophecy. And they said it couldn't happen. There's no way. Not as long as America's a political entity. It didn't matter that William Brandham is on the record. 71 years out, 67 years out, 65 years out, 64 years out. He's on record again and again and again warning them. Oh, it can't happen. William Brandham, you must have missed it. And he missed it only until this happened. Amen. And even our president said, "We're very happy." We're very surprised, but we're very happy. The whole world was surprised. And the whole world is jumping and rejoicing. And a bride is jumping and rejoicing. I'm here to tell you something, friends. We have this has been on the rec on the books for 71 years. Today is a different day than when you sat here and heard me preach a week ago. It's different than what you heard Wednesday night. We have crossed another line. This is a milestone. This is a marker that we have been looking for. And brother Brandham said, when you see that, that's when that brings the true believers together. And it takes the how do he how do he say that? the the the agnostic, the the critic, and all of these uh shallow people, and it just brushes them aside. And I just say, Lord, uh save everybody you can, but I want to be in that number. I want to be in that number. Hallelujah. And you know, it it's it's interesting. Uh wow, I didn't know that. Yeah. So, wow. Okay, let me read let me read that. Brother Matt just sent that to me. Uh so the prophecy is December 19, 1954. Pope Leo born September the 14th, 1955. Pope Leo was born nine months almost to the day after brother Brandon prophesies a pope coming from the USA. Amen. And his name is Leo. Yeah. And he takes the name Leo. Let me let me see if I I don't know if I put any Yeah. There were Here's my last slide. Most you've na most used names of the pope 23 times. John counting the twice that it was uh put together with John Paul. Benedict was 16 times, Gregory 16 times, Clemets 14, Innocent was 13, Pas 12, on down and on down. Leo was 14 times with it had been 13 and now it's 14. It's interesting because I started to put the quotes in here today, but I just I said I can't. It's going to be too much. But brother Brandham said he and I've got the quotes if if we we'll read them next time where he said he came Christ came under the virgin and we've been going through the ages of cross fishes and he said he comes back under Leo the lion and it's king the king Leo the lion the king of Judah for millennial reign and here you've got a pope and guess what else guess what else I I thought to myself what have past Leos have past Leos been involved in prophecy. It was It was a of all the It wasn't one of the 23 John's. It wasn't one of the 16 Benedicts. It wasn't one of the 16 Gregories or the 14 Clements or the 13 Innocents. When Martin Luther nailed his 95 thesis to the door there of the of of the church, you know who was on who was a pope? The 10th. The 10th. Leo the 10th. Right. When Martin Luther, you've got a Leo on the And guess what? Guess who the Guess who the 12th and 13th Leos were? The 12th, he was what's amazing is he was the pope under the ministry of the sixth church age messenger of Philadelphia, John Wesley. And this pope, the 12th one, was known for his piety. He believed in moral clean living because why? Even though he's a pope, there's a messenger that bringing sanctification to the world. And even the pope is under the influence of that. And then the 13th one, the 13th one is the pope on the throne right right at the time when the the revivals are striking Armenia and striking Wales and striking and coming across to 1904 and 1905. He's he's a pope until 1903, right when the the Armenian revival is over. And then it jumps to Wales. And then it jumps to Isuza. And then it comes along. And now we've got a prophet. And the seals are open. And he's gone. And we're here. And 71 years later. And Leo's back on the throne. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You are living in prophecy. You are living. You're walking in the words of scripture. Everything is planned. Everything is fine. Everything is in order. We are rejoicing today because we know I know that the one who started all of this, will finish it, is finishing it, started it, managed it, finishing it, and my future is bright and your future is bright. Oh, let's stand to our feet, friends, and rejoice in the in the word of the Lord. This is what God has done in our day. Oh, my about 15 minutes over. You all right? Amen. And amen. Brother Andrew, I want to sing. This is the day the Lord has made. I will be glad and rejoice in it. Is this the day? Are you glad and rejoicing, friends? Believe it or not, looked right at you at 111, Sunny. Believe it or not, all I did today was scratch the surface. I give you my word. All I All I had time for was to just scratch the surface. Just hit some highlights. My I spent three years covering the book of Revelation verse by verse. It's work of a thousand days, actually a little more. And me and a team of other brothers went through it every day on the air for 365 days a year. We were on the air every day and we covered it all. And I promise you today, you've sat here and heard probably a 90-minute sermon and all I've done is just hit the surface. Amen. Just hit the tops of things. I if if if we if I wanted to and I don't feel particularly led to, but if I wanted to really go down into the nitty-gritty, friends, you would literally see that not just the high things are controlled by God. Even down in the intricacies, every aspect of your life, God wants to put his hand on. Amen. Every aspect, everything that involves you, everything you think and do and say, every every feeling of good and every feeling of righteousness that you long for, I'm here to tell you, God wants that more for you than you could want it for yourself. He's in control. Amen. Let's bow our heads before we sing, before we change and clap our hands. Father, Lord, I come to the end of the sermon today and I I I I did my level best, Lord. There was a lot to cover and a lot to say and a lot to think about. And I pray, master, that I've given the people enough to chew on. They'll go away and think about these things and realize, Lord, if they could just realize that the greatest event, the greatest fulfillment of prophecy in the modern day is the people themselves. the believers who are believing against all odds in spite of a a darkness that covers the whole earth and a gross darkness on the minds of all humanity and the whole world spinning Lord into chaos and headed hurling hurling towards a tribulation unstoppable un unchangeable it can't be stopped it can't be delayed it's moving forward at a pace father according to prophecy Now, I pray, Master, that today you will let it grip our hearts in a way that maybe it hasn't before, young and old alike, boy and girl, male and female, married, single, everyone, that we'll have a greater appreciation today. And when we see our our life and no matter what it holds, we'll realize God's got this. God's got this. God's got me. God's in control. My life is in his hands. Lord, I'm thinking on my heart right now of a a poor young lady in a bad situation. The devil trying, Lord, to give her every kind of affliction. And Lord, we know her through her family. She's a daughter of Sister Angela uh Heth and Lord Caitlyn and she's suffering and the enem is attacking her and she's got a rough road to to to go already, Lord. And so I'm praying and asking mercy for her. I wrote it down and wanted to mention it, Lord. And I'm I'm asking prayer for Caitlyn right now that Lord God, you would help her from on high. Be everything that she needs from you, Lord, in this in this time of trial in her life. Master, I commit her into your hands. And I commit these people into your hands. and all who heard this word today. Lord, may there be a uh something that happened in our heart that we realize that a new shift has happened, a new milestone has now been passed. And we're moving now, Father, toward a a a certain a certain conclusion. It is just as certain. It's not uncertain. It's very certain. And it's made more certain, Lord, today. These events are made certain to us by prophecy. I commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Let's clap our hands and rejoice before we leave. Amen. This is the day. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord has made. [Music] Lord, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. The Lord has rejoice. I will rejoice. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. The Lord will rejoice forever. I will rejoice. This is the day. Amen. God bless you. And this is the day the Lord has made. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice. Heat. Heat. This is the day. Heat. Heat. Oh, I see the Lord. Lord has made me the Lord. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Lord has made everybody. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. The Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice.
