################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - 250528-Brad Younce It Was There All The Time - Brad Younce.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   250528-Brad Younce: It Was There All The Time
Speaker: Brad Younce
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cRppweUV9A
========================================

Description:
Brother Brad Younce ministers the Wednesday Night service "It Was There All The Time " On May 28th 2025  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Fantastic. [Music] Praise the Lord. We just stand. I wanted to read um Psalms 125. So, I'm real close to being healed. And uh hopefully I don't get riled up and start dancing around. My wife will come and she'll pull me off stage. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? God is good, isn't he? Amen. Are we here under expectation tonight from the Lord? Cuz if you're not, just change your thoughts a little bit and just put yourself under expectation. Just ask him right now in your heart, Lord, will you just answer some questions I have or will you just help me in my life and just be with me and touch me? And that's the kind of expectation that we need to have. Amen. Psalms 12:5 it says, "They that trust in the Lord shall be his mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but abideth forever. As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the Lord is round about his people from henceforth even forever. For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous, lest the righteous put forth their hands into iniquity." Do good, O Lord, unto those that be good, and to them that are upright in their hearts. How many want to be upright in your heart? Amen. Amen. As for such as turn aside unto their crooked ways, the Lord shall lead them forth with the workers of iniquity, but peace shall be upon Israel. Amen. And let's just sing some songs of praise tonight. And as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth out. And you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. And you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Is he your friend? You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. Think about those words. And I want you more than any other so much more than anything. [Music] And you alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. [Music] And you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Will I want you more than gold? Oh, silver. Only you can satisfy. Cuz you alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eye. And you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. [Music] And you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. [Music] Let's just bow our heads in our heads. Almighty God, it's a privilege to be in your house tonight. Lord, Father, you see the young man and the young sister going to be getting married in the next couple of days. Lord, I pray a blessing upon Gideon, Lord, and his wife to be. I pray a blessing upon each one, Father, that goes on that trip. May their flights go well and may the weather be good, Lord. Amen. Just give our pastor rest, Lord, and his wife. And give them strength, Father. We love you, Lord. We truly in the depths of our heart just want you and we want more of you, Lord, and less of ourselves. Lord, I remember a little young man. man. He was only 5 years old and he just asked me how he got closer to God and how he's supposed to talk to God. The answer was so simple. Get your Bible out, young man, and pray and read your Bible and he will talk back to you. I'll never forget that. And I just pray that sinks down into the depths of his heart. Lord, we love you now. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray and ask that you bless this service, Lord. Thank you, dear God. Amen. Amen. God is good. Amen. Is it because he lives? Is that why you can face tomorrow? Amen. In the key of F. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone. You know who holds your future? Because I know [Music] that he holds my future. [Music] And this life is worth the living [Music] just because he live. Let's just close our eyes and sing it with all of our heart because he lives [Music] and I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives [Music] all Fear is gone [Applause] because I know yes I know that he holds my future [Music] and my life it is worth living just because he lives. Oh, because you live. Oh, we thank you, Lord. I can face oh tomorrow because you live here. [Music] Oh my fear is gone. Oh, because I know [Music] that you hold my future [Music] and my life. Yes, it's worth the living just because you live. Let's just sing it real soft to him now. Oh, because you live [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because you live. [Music] All fear gone. [Music] Oh, recall. I know that you hold my future. [Music] Oh, and my life. It is worth the living just because you live. Amen. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Little Luther, come on up and let's pray over the tithes and on the offering. And Amen. We got a couple of specials. [Music] God is good. You think about the words to that song, because he lives. Just imagine if he didn't live, right? How vain would this life be? Couldn't close your eyes. You couldn't pray to nobody. I mean, you'd just be wandering to and fro. The wind would be blowing you every direction. Oh man, I can't imagine life without the Lord. Come on, brother. Bless you. Bless you. And I don't want to imagine that either. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you. I thank you for this opportunity this evening, Lord, that I'd open my heart and Father, listen for you to speak to me. Father, I pray that you forgive me for my shortcomings in this life, my faults, my failures. Father, we long to draw closer to you. And I pray, Father, that as you said, two or three are gathered in your name. You're here. Help us to be sensitive to your presence, dear God. As we collect the tithes and offerings, Father, I pray that you bless the cheer forgiver. Lord, I have friends that stream these services and I pray for them this evening. and all those that I may not even know that would be streaming. May there be something said that will be an encouragement to them as well as us this evening. Father, I love you, Lord. I worship you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] You may be seated. [Music] [Music] [Music] Mountains high, valleys low, I will not fear. [Music] What lay before me? Oions wide, storms rage on, I will not fear. You go before me. Yay. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, [Music] I will not fear. You go before me. You're always beside me to lead me and guide me through all of my days. Though the arrows may fly [Applause] through the terror of night, I will not fear. Heart may fail. Darkest night I will not fear. You'll be my light. Flesh may fail. Trials arise. I will not fear. You'll be my guide. Yay. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, [Music] I will not fear. You go before me. always beside me. Lead me and guide me through all of my days. [Music] Though the arrows may fly through the terror of night, I will not fear. [Applause] You have been my guide through all of my life. [Applause] You've been by my side. Through the darkest of nights, though the enemy comes in like a flood, I will not fear. You go before me. You're always beside me. Lead me and guide me. Through all of my days, though the arrow may fly through the terror of night, I will not fear. I will not fear. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Well, I stood in the courtroom. The judge turned my way. It looks like you're guilty. Well, now what do you say? I spoke of your honor. Oh, I have no defense. But that's when God's mercy walked in. Oh, mercy walked in and he pleaded my case. He called to the stand. It was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and it covered my sin. I was forgiven. When mercy walked in, I stood there and wondered, "Oh, how could this be? That someone so guilty had just been set free. My chains were all broken. Oh, and I felt born again. Well, that moment. Oh, when mercy walked in. Sing it with me. Oh mercy walked in and he pleaded my case. He called to the stand. It was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and it covered my sin. I was forgiven when mercy walking. Mercy walking. [Music] [Applause] just a company y'all. Let's stand up. Key D says, "Do you want oil in your lamps?" Amen. Amen. Amen. Remember the Bible said there's two people, two types, right? One with oil in their lamps and one not. I want to be one with oil in my lamp. Amen. Well, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp, I pray. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Burning, burning, burning, burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of king. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Well give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp, I pray. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning, burning to the break of day. We'll sing hosana, sing hosana, sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Amen. Give me a se, sis. You believe the move is on. Amen. Since I can't dance around up here, maybe one of y'all will. Well, the move is on, my lord. The move is on. The move is on, my lord. The move is on. Well, I can hear the rustle in the mberry tree. And I know I know I know that the move is on. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is the moving day. I'm going to move a little closer to where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Let's all clap together. Come on now. [Music] All right, I want to hear everybody. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. I can hear the rustle in the Mberry tree. And I know I know I know that the move is on. You've got to move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is that move. [Music] Move a little closer where that streams are going. Move on, brother. Move on. Amen. Thanks, guys. I know that Lana and I have another special here coming up pretty soon. So, uh, her and I have just work a few kinks out, but she likes to sing. Praise the Lord. Do you want to turn your eyes upon Jesus? It's in the key of F. Amen. Where else better than to turn your eyes? My foot's almost healed. Praise God. Thank you all for your prayers. I just got to deal with a couple other uh medical issues. I came up for prayer. And I asked pastor to just help me pray that God will heal my pancreas next. My blood sugar just completely heals itself. Amen. That's the desire of my heart. Amen. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Oh, look for in his wonderful faith. When the things of earth they'll grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Let's sing that chorus again. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Oh, look for in his wonderful face. [Music] And the things of earth will grow strangeely dear in the light of his glory [Music] and grace. [Music] Amen. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise again? Lord, you're worthy to be praised. I don't know why. I don't know what's being preached tonight, but for some reason, I feel led to sing this. It's a key sea, the wings of a dove. Amen. Can you imagine being Noah out on that boat? All those years you lived and you you built this magnificent boat and now all of a sudden you're floating and you're just wondering, right? What do you do? Where do you go next? Let's sing this good oldfashioned song. Well, Noah had drifted on the floods many days. [Music] He searched for land when in various ways. [Music] troubles he had some well but not from above. God gave us his sign. On the wings of a dove. [Music] On the wings of a snow white dove. God sends his pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of a dove. Well, Jesus our savior [Music] came to earth one day. Oh, thank you Lord. He was born in a stable. Well, in a manger of hes. [Music] And though he rejected well but not from above. God gave us his sign. On the wings of a dove. [Music] On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Have you ever suffered? And though I have suffered when a way I have cried for my healing, both night and day, [Music] but faith was not forgotten By the father above, he gave me his time. On the wings of a dove, on the wings of a snow white dove, God send his pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of li. Amen. I like singing those old songs. Some of you real young people need to learn those old songs, man. Or some real anointing on them. And the words, you think about the words to some of those songs, it's like, wow, man. Oh, man. You want to reach out and touch the Lord? Is that the desire of your heart? Amen. Tonight, says the key of F. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he goes by, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. Your needs to sublime. Reach out and touch the Lord [Music] as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord. [Applause] As he goes by, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is by singing by this moment all your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord. [Music] As he goes by, you will find he's not too busy. Oh, thank you, Lord. Right. He is passing by this moment. your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. God is good. Let's sing Amazing Grace. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet. Oh, the sound that had saved a wretch. Oh, like me was lost. Oh, but now, now I am found. I was blind. But now I see. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet will the sound that save a miserable wretch. Oh, like me. I once was lost. Oh, but now, now I am found. I was blind, but now I see. It was grace. Amen. was grace that taught my heart. Oh to fear and grace. Oh my fear. How preious [Music] did that grace appear. [Music] Holy that I first believe. Now just sing praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. We've been there for 10,000 years. when we been there 10,000 years bright shineing as the sun. We have no less days [Music] to sing our God's praise than when we have first begun. I'll be thankful for the grace of God. I know I am. I'm thankful to be here tonight. Falls my lot to stand here. I'm nervous for some reason. I think I'm nervous every time though. Once I get up here and get going, I'm okay. But Amen. How many has a need on your heart tonight? Amen. Let's all go before the author. Heavenly Father, Lord, we always first want to thank you for the opportunity to come into church, Lord. Father, I pray may your spirit just be welcome here tonight, God. May your anointing just come down upon the speaker and the hearer, Lord. You see the hands that was raised, many needs. Lordise, those that's on the internet. Father, you see their needs as well. Lord, I pray may you just move for each one of us. Father, help me to step aside to get out of my own way, Lord, and let you take over, Father. Lord, anoint my lips, anoint their ears. Amen. Father, we'll give this service into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to the book of Psalms, chapter 139. We'll read verse 7 down through verses 12. Psalms 139 verse 7. Whether shall I go from thy spirit or whether shall I flee from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me. And if I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me, even the even the night shall be light about me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, but the night shineth as a day, and the darkness and the light are both alike to thee. May God added blessings to the dream. of your seats for a title this evening. Little simple little thought I want to speak on. It was there all the time. You'll say, "What was there?" Say, "What are you even talking about?" Something had to be there. I'm going go ahead and give a punchline to my sermon. Something you need is here right now. Amen. You know, when you were born, the doctor took you and smacked your bottom and you you let out a big scream and the breath of life went inside of you. The seed of life was placed in you before the foundation of the world. Something was always with you. It don't matter where you went. It don't matter what kind of life you lived and where you it it don't matter if your family was a bunch of bunch of drunkards or drug addicts or murderers. Something was on the inside of you that kept you. Amen. That followed you around. You know, you remember when you was getting ready to do something wrong and you'd have something to say, don't do that. How many how many members having that? There's something all the way around you. Because we know, brother Ram says when you were born, an angel was dispatched to you. So, you have something with you tonight. That angel has not gone back to heaven. He's been with you every step of the way. Wherever you go, something has been there with you. So this something is with so but you started searching for churches. You might have started out in a Catholic church and didn't seem you know I'm not happy here. So you started get went to a Baptist church and that wasn't didn't didn't feel right. And so you started going to different kind of churches. But one day you was driving down the road and you seen a a sign Bethl Tabernacle, House of God's Bread. I'm going to pull in there for a service. And the preacher was preaching and something struck that seed that was on the inside of you that laid dormant for years. It might have been 12 years old. You might have been 30, 50, 70. But that seed laid dormant inside of you. All of a sudden, something happened. That thing had been with you this entire time came to life. We'll search for something that we already have. Yeah. You heard the saying the grass is greener on the other side of the fence. Once you get over there and you realize it's not Did I lose myself? What happened? Okay. You get over there, the grass is not as green as you thought it was. You look back where you were and say, "What? The grass was greener over there, but you couldn't make up your mind. But you'll keep searching for something. You'll keep searching for happiness. You'll want to find it somewhere else. But we often fail to see what God has already provided. The problem is not the lack of provision. It's a lack of recognition. That's right. We don't recognize what we have. If you have the Holy Ghost, you have the power of God, but we'll sit like we don't have it. Come on. What we need tonight is recognition of what we already possess. Amen. Second Kings 4:1. Sure. She'll put it up there. Don't try to keep up with me. I'll say scripture, but I'll be moving. But this one I won't be read. 2 Kings 4:1. Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets unto Elisha. I'm preaching on it was it was there all the time. Yeah. Saying, "Thy servant, thy servant, my husband is dead. And thou knowest that thy servant did fear the Lord, but the creditors have come to take him, my two sons, to bondage." That was a law back in those days. If you couldn't pay your debt, they was going to take your kids. So she comes, this widow had lost her husband. Now she faced losing her sons to slavery. So in her distress, she cried out to the prophet. God always has a way of escape for his people. If you'll just trust him and believe him, he'll make a way when there is no way. Amen. It may seem all hope is lost. It don't mean God has abandoned you. Amen. It don't mean he's left you off by yourself. It's set up for a miracle. God never fails to provide for his children. Even when a time of hopelessness, so Elisha just says unto her, "What shall I do for thee? I don't have no money. What are you asking me for? But what have you in your house? She says, "Well, I don't have anything." So, she must have already got rid of her furniture, got rid of her refrigerator, got rid of her recliner. So, she said, "I have nothing but a small, save a pot of oil." Which that oil was real small. What a big jar. Small. It's They used this pot of oil. It's described as a small jar. Indicate it was a very small container, not a large pot. This was the only thing she left in her house, had it in her house of value. But she didn't know what she possessed. Sometimes we sit in church services and we don't know what we possess. We'll come in here, we'll be sick, but we don't know what we got. That oil was called the anointing oil. It was used for special occasions for anointing for birthdays and and weddings and for anointing prophets, anointing the dead. Anointing oil. We know a scripture the woman used it come to wash the feet of Jesus. Got that little bottle of ointment and anointed his feet. Her answer was already in the house. Many times we'll cry out for help. Amen. Not realizing that God has already provided what you have need of. He's already provided the solution. He just wants us to recognize it. To recognize it and use it. Then he says, "Go borrow these vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels, and borrow not a few. Go get all you can get. And when thou art come in, thou shalt shut the door upon thee. He said, I want you to get behind the veil and close the door. You want a miracle? Get behind the veil with a shina of glory tonight where it's just you and God. Where you can recognize his presence. Get in there and shut the door upon thee and upon thy sons. Shut the world out. Amen. Close the door that they are alone. That nobody can come in the door. Lock it. Don't let nobody come in and see what's going on. Just her and God. Her and God. And then thou shalt pour out into all these vessels. What if she had just said, "How is this going to fill up all of that?" She wouldn't have got nothing. Amen. She would have poured that out and it been empty just like that. But what happened? And it came to pass when the vessels were full that she said unto her son, "Bring yet another vessel, and he said unto her, there is no more." And the oil stayed. So she got one vessel. She's washing it. How's this even going to work? Washed it fill up. Give me another one. Hurry. Give me another one. Hurry. Give me another. I don't know how many she had, but she had a lot of vessels. She filled up every one of them. The oil stayed. It ran no longer. Her miracle was over. If you have the Holy Ghost tonight, it won't run dry. It'll just overflow. The Holy Spirit is the oil that never runs dry. Amen. If you just keep bringing your empty vessels, God will just keep pouring himself out. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and fill it up. Then she came and told the man of God, he says, "Well, go sell it. Pay thy debt." Amen. And live thou and thy children on the rest. She didn't have anything else to worry about. Amen. Nothing to worry about. Many times we'll just struggle. We'll cry out for help thinking that what we need is so far away. Amen. But God has already provided. This widow thought she had nothing, yet she had everything. Amen. Everything in a little jar of oil. It was there all the time. She didn't need to sell her furniture. She didn't need to sell everything in her house. All she had was that little pot of oil. All she needed, you know, a man I used to work with, speaking of it was there all the time. Simple little thought. I was working with a man one day. We're building stuff and I said, "Hey, cut me this board." And I gave him a measurement and I go over, he pulls his tape and he's looking everywhere for a pencil. I wasn't paying any attention, but after a little bit, I'm like, "Why is taking you so long? I'm looking for my pencil." But he didn't know he had it the whole time. Yeah. It was right on his ear. I said, "Look on your ear. What you need is with you right now." Amen. Just a little carnal thing there, but that's the way we are. We need something from God, but not realizing what we need is already here. You say, you're repeating yourself. So, it's not off in some far away place. God didn't place you in this day without giving you what you needed. That's right. God never places his people somewhere without providing everything that you need. But the problem is we fail to recognize it. Amen. We fail to recognize what God has already provided has been with us the entire time. You're like, "Where are you going? Just hang on. There's enough here for a miracle." But you must believe. We must have faith. Bren says this. The greatest thing I find wrong with a church today is a sin of unbelief. We're scared to take God at his word. We're scared to believe him. Healing and deliverance is yours. It's here. Because Isaiah 53:5 says, "With his stripes, we are healed." Your healing is not some future event. say, "Well, I'll get healed maybe tomorrow. Maybe when brother Jason gets back and he can lay hands on me, I'll be healed." Your healing is not some future event. Your healing can be right now. That same faith that saved you is the same faith that'll heal you. It's already done. We just got to believe it. We got to accept it. Healing is not something we have to beg for. Oh God, please. Please heal me. Please, Lord, I need $100 right now. We don't have to beg him for it. He knows what you have need of. Amen. We don't have to beg him cuz brother, you know, brother, I says, when you receive the Holy Ghost, everything you need is in you. Then we just need to activate it. You got to activate what's inside of you. Activate means to make active or put an individual or unit on active duty. We know what active duty is. When you're in the army, you get called up. Say, "Hey, you're going overseas. You're on active duty." We need to do our faith like that. We need to put our faith on active duty tonight. Put your faith in action. Activate your faith, not our faith. Because my faith won't heal a headache. You sit here and try all you want to. My faith is going to heal this thing. Not our faith. It's not our faith. Our faith can heal a headache. We need the faith of Almighty God. Hebrews 11:1 says, "Faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. Activate it. Blessed are they that have not seen, but believe. Cuz faith cometh by hearing. So if you're hearing tonight, faith cometh by hearing. What are you hearing? You're hearing the word. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of Brad Y. No, no, no. Ain't what said that hearing by the word of God. We're not here to hear some man. If you came to hear me now, you're disappointed. I'm disappointed if you come to hear me. But we come to hear what God has want to speak to us. We come to hear the voice of God. So hearing the word will activate your faith. Hallelujah. What happened with the woman of the issue of blood? There's a big crowd around Jesus. She couldn't get to him. Yeah. But she said, I if I can just touch the hem of his garment, I'll be made whole. Notice she crawls down, goes between the people's legs and around this and just gets up there where she can just barely touch Jesus. He couldn't even see her. And she backs up, backs into the crowd. Jesus stops. Who touched me? Peter says, "Are you crazy? Look at all these people. Everybody's touching you." No, this was different. virtue left me. What she needed, she just reached out and touched the Lord as he passed by. That's what you got to do. Just reach out and touch the Lord. He's passing by you tonight. If healing is what you need, reach out. If overcoming power is what you need, reach out. Amen. You want to overcome anxiety or depression, just reach out while he passes by you. You already have the faith in you to overcome. Amen. Because Romans 12:3 says, "God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith." He's given each one of us the measure of faith. We don't need no more. We don't need no more faith. We don't need more faith. We just need to use the faith we already have cuz Jesus said even faith the size of a mustard seed can move a mountain. Verses, oh, you say, "Oh, if I could just get more faith." You don't need more faith. You just need to recognize what you already have. You got to activate your faith. Stop waiting for more faith. Start using what you already have. Amen. Take action. step into what God has promised. Because Mark 11:24 says, "Therefore I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them." You already have in the spiritual realm. Just believe it and receive it. It's already here. But we often fail to see that God has placed everything we need within our reach. We pick this thing up every day. If it's just to move it because you're wanting the dust, but we pick up that Bible every day and everything you need is right here in the word of God. Hope this is all right. What God has provided is already with you. What little simple story of Moses. Very familiar. We know what Moses Moses was on the back side of the desert. Had a stick in his hand. 40 years. He might have carried that stick around. Helped him walk around. Help him hit a sheep or whatever he want to do with it. He walked around with that stick. But one day he seen a fire. He said, "Why is that bush on fire, but it's not just being destroyed?" So he walks over and God says, "Hey, I've come down to deliver my people and I'm going to send you, Moses, me. I'm 80 years old. What am I going to do?" He says, "What's in your hand?" Just a rod, a dead stick. will throw it on the ground. And we know what happened. Turned into a snake and he reached down, pick it back up, turn back into a rod. That same thing that Moses walked around with for 40 years was on the way to Egypt to take over. Where you going, old man? I'm going to Egypt. What are you going to do down there? I'm going to take over you. It's you and your wife and your kids. How are you going to take over Egypt? Because I got a stick. God thought he was nothing. But God showed him that what he had, a simple rod, was enough to lead Israel out of Egypt. He thought he was inadequate. I can't speak plain. I don't have good speak speech. Don't worry what you're going to say, Moses, because I'll put the words in your mouth. Everything Moses needed was right there with him. Amen. Something he carried around for 40 years, didn't even know it. He just looked at that stick and said, "How are you going to take over Egypt?" It's like me when it When I started getting a call to preach, I told I told my wife when I was a teenager, we started dating that I I felt a call, but I ignored it. You preachers know what I'm talking about. Anybody wants to preach, they're out of their mind. But when I turned 40, it came back. I'm like, I'm too old now. I'm 40 years old. How in the world am I going to preach? I'm too old. I got listened to a message just a couple days ago. I was working listen brother Ram say God will call a man when he's 40. He called Moses out of Egypt when he was 40. He called King David to the throne when he was 40. I like well who am I? Use me. I want to be used. The same rod that Moses led the sheep would later part the Red Sea and defeat Pharaoh's army. Brother said, "It's not how big you are or how educated you are. It's how willing you are to let God use what's in your hand." You I don't have nothing. I can't even sing. I can't even whistle. But you can pray for us. Amen. You can go outside and tell somebody about Jesus. You've got something to do. We all have a job. I better not say it, but I'm going to anyway. If you're if you got a talent and you can sing and don't Yeah. Shame on us. Amen. I say us. Amen. Shame on us for not doing it. Yeah. So, expect everybody be up here singing Sunday morning. You know who you are. I've heard you sing. I know you can do it. That was free. It's not how big you are, how educated you are. It's how willing you are to let God use what's in your hand. Amen. So, what's in your hand? What has God given you that you've been overlooking? God will never judge you how big you are, how little you are, or how much education you got, or how much you haven't got. He judges you by what's in your hand and how you use it. What's in your hand? What's in your hand? You know what's in your hand. We have a word right here that's in our hand because we know right here can defeat the devil anytime. Amen. Right. Not just when you're feeling good. Come on. Not just after you come out of church service. Where's the devil at? It's Monday morning. When you get up, oh God, it's 6:00. I'm going to lay here just a little bit longer. If I get out of bed, the devil's going to be there. You have the word. You have the word. What's in your hand? I like this story of Shamgar. I'm going to give I heard brother Matt. We listen to brother Matt's preach just a couple months ago at brother Joe howishells and he was preaching. He he me he mentioned something about Shamgar. I can't remember all what he said about it. But when he was talking about Shamgar, I spoke out loud in the sermon. It was there all the time. Wife turned around looked at me. Sh. you're that was loud. I was like, so I started I went back home. I started that's weird. I'm gonna start studying on that. It was there. That's a simple little thought. But but you know the story of Shamgar. Shamgar every year, year after year after year planted his crops, reaped them, put them in the barns. Here comes the devil. Take it away from him. Year after year after year. You would think he would get tired of that. seeing his wife and children crying because they have no clothes, nothing to eat. But one year, he finally had enough. Amen. Shamgard finally had enough. When we going to have get enough of the devil, he comes every day and tries to steal your joy. He'll come every day to try to steal you peace, but we let him have it. Come on, devil. Come on in. Have my joy. I'll plan I'll I'll have some more for you next year. Year after year, the Philistines came and stole all his food, took it from because they knew Shamgar wasn't going to do anything. But they finally came a time. He said, "I can't take it no more. God, what am I going to do? It's just me." Him no doubt sitting there praying cuz he knew it was done. And he said, "This is about the time they came." He kept praying. All of a sudden, he heard something. Pretend I got 600 people marching. Oh no, here they come again. What am I going to do now? Lord, if you don't help me, they're going to take everything I got again. He looks over there and sees an ox goat. Something he used every day. An ox goat was 8 foot long. Had a little sharp point on it that they prod the cattle with trying to keep them moving. That's all he had. He grabs that ox goat. His wife said, "Shabgar, where you going?" I'm going to fight. No, please don't. You haven't updated your life insurance policy yet. At least if you were to die, I'll have money. Lord, where that came from? But what Shamgard needed was there all the time. Amen. He used it every day for a tool. His wife's husband, what do you think you're doing? You can't go fight them. He says, "Watch me." He said, "I can't take no more." He says, "God, this is in my hand. You better use it." Baressa, he jumps out the window. And before he knew it, 600 Philistines were dead. What in the world? One man killed 600 people all because of what was in his hand. Just think of every devil you could defeat tonight. If you take the word and put it in your hand, what Shamgard needed was there all the time. Jesus is always present in your storms. Amen. Because Mark 4:39 and he arose and rebuked the wind and said of the sea, "Peace be still." The wind ceased. There was a great calm. What brought him to this place? Jesus was tired. Went took him a nap in the boat. And the devil says, "All right, it's time to kill somebody. I'm going to take him down and all his followers. They're out there with buckets getting the water out of their boat. Lord, what are we going to do? Peter, get another bucket. Not knowing that what they needed was taking a nap. What they needed was taking a nap. They feared the storm. They thought they were alone. They didn't hear the scripture. Matthew 28:20 says, "Lo, I'm with you always, even until the end of the world." They feared it. Yet Jesus, it was in the boat and they were all alone. Wow. Had Jesus with him. He's still alone. Many times we'll cry out thinking God has forsaken us. God, where you at? Come on. I'm over here. I'm over here. You got to get through the storms and stuff. I'm right here. What do you need? Wake me up. They They feared for their lives thinking that Jesus didn't care. But Jesus was in that boat all along. Amen. Thank God. That same voice that spoke, "Let there be light." was that same one that said, "Peace be still." Where I said, "The storm that you think will destroy you is the very thing will bring you closer to Christ." That's what's the matter tonight. Christ is in our ship, but we're afraid of the storm. The very thing that's got you scared to death is a thing that God's going to use to bring you closer to him. Amen. You're going through a storm. Just say, "Thank God. I'm getting closer to Jesus." Amen. Jesus was there all the time, but their fear blinded them from seeing that the answer was right there. Your answer is right here. Yes. Amen. God's power is already in you. Amen. You receive the Holy Ghost, that power has been there because Ephesians 3:20, now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundant above all that we ask or think according to the power that workketh in us unto him that is able to do exceeding abundant. Amen. Beyond measure. That's what abundantly means. Beyond measure, exceeding some number or measure, over and above, extraordinary. That power in you is extraordinary, super abundant. He's just not simply able to do it what we have need of, but he is more than able to do it. more than able. He is able to go above our even our highest expectations if we pray in faith in his will. Yielded to his power that works in brother JD. That power that works in you. Can I have some of it? No. That power that works in you. Amen. Each one of you has that power that works in you. He wants you to ask big. Ask him. Ask him for big things. He is able to do exceedingly above all that we ask or even think. You don't even have to ask him. Just think about it and he's able to answer your need. Amen. Hallelujah. Before you think it, he's already answered. Uh oh, I forgot to start my timer. I learned that from brother Matt. So if I start now, I still have an hour, right? Before you think he's already answered it. According to what? according to the power that workketh in us. Amen. So something you've had with you all the time, that power working in you. Power, strength, ability, the power for performing miracles lives inside of you. Gosh, they shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. That ain't just for preachers. A mother can go and lay hands on her little child and pray for that baby healed. That same power, they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. He is able to do so much more than we ask or imagine. But it's all according to his power that workketh in us. Amen. It's him in us. It's God in you. Christ in you, the hope of glory. What is that power? It's the power of the Holy Ghost. It's God living in your heart. The power of God is already working in you. That same power that raised Jesus from the dead lives in you. Yeah, that's a real I like that song. I can't sing it, but the same power that raised Jesus from the dead lives in us, lives in me. Same power. We'll get to we'll catch that revelation one day. That that same power that raised Jesus Christ lives in me. So is that when brother R says you'll call your own body from the dust of the earth? Is that power that lives inside of you God's power live? That's better any dominion energy has. The power of God is already working in you. Luke 17:21 says, "Neither shall they say, lo here, lo there, for behold," here's something that's been with you the entire time. Behold, the kingdom of God is within you. Oh gosh. The kingdom of God is within me. Stop looking elsewhere for it. Stop going to another church and say, "Where's the kingdom of heaven?" I'm looking for the kingdom of heaven. It's living inside of you. The kingdom of heaven is inside of you. Romans 8:11 says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies." Amen. By his spirit that dwells in you. Again, that same resurrected power that raised Jesus up is already in you. We're going to activate it one day. We're going to activate that power one day. Lord, let it be tomorrow. Let it be tomorrow. I don't want to face another day in this world. If you do, come on up here. Let's lay our hands on you and get you filled with the Holy Ghost. You'll be ready to get out of this place. The church doesn't need a new Pentecost. We just need to recognize what God has already placed inside of us. So go ahead and say it. God's power is in me. Amen. My brother said, "Brother Luther, you don't need to look elsewhere. You don't need look nowhere else. You don't need to go to the internet, start searching for it. It's already here. You don't need to receive anything else. You just need to recognize what you already have. Amen. I could have titled this sermon recognizing what you got. Been the same thing, wouldn't it? That will's oil multiplied when she acted on what she had. She took God at his word. When we gonna start taking God at his word tonight, let it be tonight. I'll take you at your word. Amen. Step out on faith. Second Peter 1:3 says, "According as he is divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness." So everything you need is already given. Amen. Doesn't he say it again? Everything you need is already given. We don't have to wait on it. We don't have to get the piano, the drums, and everything. Get it all worked up. It's already here. You're not waiting on God. God's just waiting on us. You know, that prodical son had everything. He had everything. But he thought he needed to leave. Give me some of my money. I'm going I need to get out of this house. You're too strict. I'm 18. It's time for me to move out. How many times have we heard that? But what happened to him? He lost all of his money. Lost all his friends and come to himself in a pig lot eating pig slop. He said he said, "I've got there's stuff better than this. There's got to be a life better than this." Or he thought home wasn't a good life. He started thinking about it. Man, even the servants are wellfed. Yeah. What am I doing out here walling around with a bunch of hogs? He realized what he had back at home. Amen. He realized what he had back at home. How many people today are chasing after things that they already have? They're out looking for things that they already have. So, what you need was always there. the power, the provision, the healing, the victory. Yeah. It was never missing. You didn't lose it. It was there. You just let somebody steal it from you. Again, he says, "Lord, I'm with you always, even until the end of the world." We don't need to ask for his presence because he's already here. Hebrews 13:5 says, "For he hath said, I will never leave thee nor forsake thee." Thank God. So whatever you face, you already have the presence of God with you. So God's power is not coming down from heaven. It's already working in you. Amen. So that same spirit, the scripture again, that raised Jesus from the dead is already inside you. The greatest power in all the universe is right inside of you. But the reason we don't see it working is because we don't recognize it. We have enough power in us to go create a universe and go live on it. How many times have we, Lord, I I'm going to live by myself. I'm going to speak a world that exists and go live on it. I'm tired of these people. I'm people out. How many gets people out? And I love people. Whatever you face, you already have his presence. You have enough power in you to create a universe to go live on it. But says, "If there wasn't a law to that, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out here and go live a private life." You have the power in you to do it. If you got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. That the power that's in you will make you could speak a world in exist and go live on it. That's what power is in the church now. But it's controlled by a law. Thank God. Amen. There'll be about 30 different worlds right now. We would even have church. We'll be streaming Zoom Zoom videos having church tonight. God will lead your soul to believe that is yours. Every place the souls of your feet can set up on by faith, Amen. God gives it to you. That's right. Amen. And he says, "It's yours to possess it. If you can find the key to this law of faith if you can just activate it, get that key and open it up." Philippians 4:19 says, "But my God shall supply all the need." All your needs, not your wants. God, I want a million dollars. Sorry, you're only getting 20. 20 million. But God shall supply all the need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus again. So everything you need is already in you when you receive the Holy Ghost. The problem is we don't know what we got. Yeah. We don't know what we got on the inside of us. We don't know what kind of power lives inside of us. Stop asking for what you already have. Just start believing it. It's yours. Quit looking for something new. Just recognize what God has already given you. Hallelujah. We have the anointing. Thank God we have the anointing. Because 1 John 2:20 said, "But the anointing which you have received of him abideth in you." Amen. And ye need not that any man teach you, but as the same anointed anointing teaches you all things and is truth. I'm about finished. The anointing is already in you. You just need to walk in it. It's not coming. That anointing is not coming. It's already here. It's already in you. Amen. Amen. We'll go to these special camp meetings which I enjoy them. I go to everyone I can. We'll go to these spe and it's the it's built up. The anticipation is so high. Anything can happen. We can have a camp meeting tonight. Brother JD, who's preaching? That's Brad. Oh, come on. Got to hear him again. You weren't anticipating. Amen. We all want that special touch. Don't we? I do. I like to have a special touch tonight. Amen. Lord, here's my cup. Give me a refilling. Fill me back up, Lord. I need it. I want a special touch. Amen. That special touch abides in you. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's like that widow's oil. She already had it. She just need to recognize and act on it. So when she poured it out in faith, the oil multiplied. Amen. I can do all things. That's right. Through Christ, which strengthens me. We don't have to wait on a new blessing. Amen. I don't have a new blessing. I don't have to wait on it. Again, just recognize what God has already done for you. Change the title of that. It was there the whole time. So, are you searching for something that you already have? Come on. What do you have need of tonight? We're going to gather around this front here in a few minutes. Every one of us had needs because I seen your hands raised up before service. We started preaching. Whatever you have need of, all you got to do is ask him. All you got to do is ask. Have you been crying out for for power, for healing, for deliverance? It's time to recognize. It's time to recognize what you've already have. Amen. Let's stand. You got to recognize what you already have and act on it. So, it's something that's with you all the time. You love him. Amen. What do you have need of tonight? Sing us a song, somebody. Let's bow our heads. [Music] He's here. He's here to meet any need. I just mentioned a couple. Healing. You lost your joy. You need it back. You lost your peace. You need it back. [Music] You need victory over over the devil. We told you how you can do that as well. If you have a need tonight, you just want to slip up your hands to God and say, "Lord, I come to you. I've heard the word. Lord, let me activate my faith to believe you'll do what you said you'll do. Father, you see those hands that was raised, all over the building, Father, knowing that you're standing right by them right now, Father. Lord, if they're sick, God, may you heal them, Lord. Whatever their need may be, may you just come down, Father. May they reach out and touch the hem of your garment as you pass by. Amen. Follow those on the internet as well, Father. Lord, may your spirit just go to them. Father, may your spirit just move upon their request, upon their heart, Father. Lord, we ask these things and we believe it. We're activating our faith tonight, Father, to recognize what we already have in the name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Right now [Music] where we lift our hands to worship at your throne. We need you Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Raise your hands and tell him. Say, "Lord, we need you right now." We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at the door. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Let's sing it again as we gather around. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now. Make it personal to me. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. We lift our hands. I'll bow our knees. and worship at your throne. But I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right? Right now. Looks like we got three prayer requests. I remember Sister Jean. She said she had a dental procedure. Please pray for rapid healing that all the infection will clear up quickly. Brother Luther turns this in. Prayer request for Sister Melissa. She is sick and she has a special unspoken request. Also, Sister Haley turned this in. There was a shooting near where her near her work. Please be praying for their safety and and for the victims and the families. Once again, how many has a need? You already told him you had it. We're going to believe what God's going to do. Let's pray for these requests. Heavenly Father, Lord, these requests that was written in, Lord, Father, I would pray for first for Sister Jean. Yes, Lord. Lord, have this dental procedure. Father, Lord, I just pray may no harm be done to this little procedure. Father, may there be a quick healing and quick deliverance for our sister. Father, just go to she's in any pain, Lord, may you relieve it from her, Lord Jesus. Father, Sister Melissa homes sick tonight. Father, we send the blood of Jesus to her. Father, you because you said by your stripes, we are healed. Father, we want to activate the faith with our sister tonight, God. Even now, Father, if she's even probably listening to the service, Father, as we're praying, Lord, she may have her hands lifted up to you, but God, may the power, the healing power of Jehovah go into our sister, Father, and may you heal her. and for this unspoken request. Lord, may you move for her, Lord. You know what it is, Father. May your will be done. Sister Hay, the shooting, Father. Lord, you know the situation there. Father, we pray no harm be done there, Lord. Amen. May you be with the families and the victims, Father. Give them grace, Father. I pray, Lord. Father, this service coming to a close, Father. Lord, another one to go down into the history books. Father, I hope I I' done what you wanted me to do tonight, Father. Lord, it's so simple, Lord, but God, this is what you placed on my heart for tonight. Lord, I pray, Lord, may you move among your people, whatever their need may be, God. Lord, may you move forward in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Anybody got any testimonies? [Music] push up. My uh Amy's brother um Peter uh on Sunday night had a quite an accident. He was working on his boat and the on the hydraulic lift and it's a it's a 90 horsepower. So, uh, probably like 400 lb, something like that. And, uh, it the hydraulic failed and, uh, they have a spot where there's a little like a scissor that comes out that holds it in and his arm was there. It fell on his arm and he broke he broke his broke his arm and uh, he was there working alone, yelling for help and I don't even know how he did it. that 400 pounds he moved, picked the thing up with one hand to get it off of his arm. And so it's a it's a pretty bad break that he had, but we're so thankful. Um the other part was uh Amy, our our niece was there who's a emergency room nurse, so he it kind of went right between both bones. And so that knifeike thing cut him. So he's bleeding very badly and it's it's uh he had surgery on uh on Monday and I think five bolts and and a plate in his arm. But thank the Lord that he was able to get that off his arm and that there was a nurse there to put a tourniquet on. And I I don't know if I I think she set it set the bone as well and was there with him on the way to the hospital. So, we're just we're thankful for that and just also remembering in prayer for a good recovery. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I want to thank the Lord um about three weeks ago. I usually take my dogs out in the evening to run in the yard and uh I took them out that evening and I'm I'm normally aware of everything around me. I know to watch for snakes and different little critters around here. And uh that particular evening I was um researching something on my phone. So I was reading something as I was walking with the dogs and they had all three of them had shot out and ran way ahead of me. And um I noticed one of them had come back and she was around my leg and she was kind of like in a a bent sort of I don't know shape and in my mind I was thinking why is she getting on my leg? I was it was kind of irritating me, but I was ignoring it because I was reading. And I heard this odd noise and I looked down and literally one more step I would have stepped on a cotton mouth. And my dog was trying to warn me to stay away from it. She can't hardly see. She can't hardly hear very well. She's very old. And um the other dogs had ran back and forth two or three times. And he he didn't bite them. He didn't bite me. He was up in a like a striking position, but he never I just very slowly walked backwards and took off flying back to the camp. I was screaming for Brad and uh I the dogs followed me all the way back and that it never bit any of us and I'm very grateful. Amen. [Applause] Anybody else? I've got this testimony that Jackson, she just sent this in. She said, "I was out on a I was out on a jog Monday night and stepped off the main road to avoid an oncoming car and she accidentally stepped into a pothole. Instantly twisting her ankle and fallen to the ground. The car never slowed down and before I could even stand, it had passed her. It was only a few feet away and it was close enough that I could feel feel it passing. If I had only fallen to the side instead of forward, I would have fallen right into the car's path. She said, "I know that God preserved my life." She says, "Please keep me in prayer, though, because I've I've rolled my ankle when she fell and she is still in a lot of pain from that." I just got a text just now from my sister. I wasn't being rude. My wife's got a testimony. My sister sent me a text. They just her and my dad had to leave church early to take my mom to the ER. She said high blood pressure and a headache for a couple of days and shortness of breath. When we were leaving, she said she has chest pain that radiated to her left arm. They're there now checking. She'll keep me posted. So, if y'all don't mind, remember my mom in prayer and and sister Deb is as well for a complete complete healing. Are you happy? Amen. Are you are you in love with Jesus? Anybody else got any testimonies before we dismiss? Sing another song there and just worship him right before we leave. I surrender all. Do you I surrender all. I surrender all. I surrender all to you. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. And I surrender all. And I surrender all and all to thee, my blessed savior. I surrender all. Shake hands with one another. and all to Jesus. And I surrender and all to him I freely give. And I will ever love and trust him. and in his presence daily live. [Music]
