################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 250413- Jason Watkins: Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 3- - Jason Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   250413- Jason Watkins: Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 3-
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zWcrf2K5Xc
========================================

Yeah. [Music] Let's stand. Little by little, you can coner every fold. And I'll set boundaries around you. They will stretch from sea to sea. And little by little, I will prosper thee. Oh, little by little, you can win every battle. Little by little, you can coner every fo and I'll set boundaries around you. They will stretch from sea to sea. And little by little I will prosper thee in worship. Be thou strong and very courageous. Disposes the inhabitants of your land. I have given you this promise and it's time to take a stand. You got to drive out your enemy so your children can go free and little by little the victory. [Music] Little by little, you can win every battle. Oh, little by little, you can conquer every [Music] set boundaries around you. They will stretch from sea to sea. And little by little, I will prosper thee. You got right in the Holy Spirit. You've been given full authority in his name. There's no time left now for crying. It's a shame to complain. You got to kick the devil off your mountain. You're predestined and ordained. Don't you know that you're a soldier in the army of the king? And little by little, [Applause] [Music] sing little by little [Music] every. And I'll set boundaries. [Music] Oh, they will stretch sea to sea. And little by little, sing little by little, little by little, every battle. Oh, little by little you can conquer every go and thousands boundaries around you. Street cease to see and little by little I will prosper thee. You are truly truly been commissioned [Music] by the captain of the host. [Music] You're equipped to fight the battle even though it is the Lord. Prayer makes the mind weapon. The weake and stricken can't take hold. Prayer makes the demon tremble, but it puts God in control. And little by little, I will possess the land. Oh, little by little, every battle. Oh, little by little you can coner every boundaries around you. They will stretch from sea to sea and little by little I will prosper thee. Amen. Brother Luther, if you come. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Come on, brother. [Music] God bless you. Amen. For uh for the Sunday school, I just want to say I approve that message. Amen. And there's so many things the devil wants to chip away at and minimize, but like the song said, the word is put there to protect you, protect you from getting scarred and beaten, you know, and the devil wants you to think, well, you know, that's oldfashioned, but um I wish I'd have been raised in the message from the time I was a little boy. Really do. And I wish I could tell you the the scars that I wouldn't have, but I'm just thankful that he came down one day and said, "You're one of mine." Amen. So, I'll approve that message very much. Very, very much. Do you have a request upon your heart this morning? Want to remember Joe? He's at home recovering with antibiotics. Amen. And I'm still fighting a little congestion and cough. It's been a month, you know, and it's just like um is my immune system just getting weaker and I'm not able to get out of this stuff or is this stuff just getting worse? And um you know, I feel good, but you know, it's just um I'm not 100%. So, I want to be 100%. Don't you? Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning, Lord. And Lord, I thank you for the boundaries that you put up, Lord. The word that you put before us, Father, Lord, for our protection, not to confine us or to limit us, but actually to help us to grow and be magnified in you. I pray for your people this morning. I remember my brother Joe at home. I pray that you would help them. Remember Sister Deborah Lowry also, Father, recovering from surgery. Lord, I pray for your people this morning. those that are stream. And Lord, we pray that the gift of God that comes before this pulpit that you would just give it free reign. That you would have preeminence this morning. Your Holy Spirit could speak to us. Help us, Father. Protect us. I love and worship you this morning. I pray that you would bless the cheerful giver as I collect the tithes and offerings this morning in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Give me kid. [Music] Amen. Amen. Kill D. [Music] My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, [Applause] your ransom me. And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a blood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound that save like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my f You're ransom me. And like a flood his mercy reigns, unending love. Amazing grace [Music] the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hopes secure. He will my shield and forship as long as life endures. My chain is sick. My chains are gone. I've been set free. [Music] My God, my savior has risen me. And like a blood his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grave. Let's sing. The earth has dissolved. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbid to shine. The God who called me here below will be forever [Music] mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my faith, your ransom me and like the flood his mercy raise, unending love, amazing grace. My chains, my chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. My God, my savior. Your ransom me. And like a fl his mercy reign. Unending love. One more time. My chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. Say my God, my s your me. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Like a blood his mercy reigns. Unending love. One more time. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. My chain. My chain. My chains are gone. I'm set free. My God, my Savior. Oh, he ransome me. And like a flood, his mercy reign, unending love. One more time in worship. Amazing grace. My chain. My chain. Oh, I've been set free. Hallelujah. My savior. Oh, he's ransom me. And like a blood, he deserves all your praise this morning. Hallelujah. An ending love. Amazing. Let's sing one more time and praise my Jes. Oh, I'm missing free. Hallelujah. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. If you've been set free, won't you raise your hands to the Lord this morning? Hallelujah. [Music] Raise unending love. One more time in worship with a loud voice. My chain. My chain. Hallelujah. I'm set free. My God, my me. Oh, and like a flood his mercy reigns. [Music] Unending love, amazing grace. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord some praise this this morning. Amen. How many happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Before we see that, give me the key of G. Let's sing a little bit of King of Glory. Amen. [Music] Yes. The world will bow down and say, "You are God." Every man, every man will bow down and say you are king. [Music] So let's start right now. Why would we wait? [Music] King of gloryy feel this place. I just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. King of gloryy, feel this place. Just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. Yes. The world will bow out and say you are God. Every man will bow out and say you are king. [Music] So let's start right now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in vtoryy. Everybody singing he glory. Feel this place. I just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. King of glory, King of glory. Feel this place. Just want to be with you. Just want to be sing king of glory, king of glory. Feel his praise. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. the king of glory. Take me this place. I just want to be with you. I just want Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Sing of glory. [Music] Glory feel. [Music] Oh, I just want to be with you. Oh, I just want to be with you, King of glory. [Applause] Sing of glory. [Music] Lord, just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. King of glory. [Applause] Oh, feel. Hallelujah. Lord, I want to be you one more time. King of glory. [Music] I just want to be. I just want to be. Just wanna be with you. [Music] Just wanna be with you. Just wanna be with you. Just wanna be with you. Just wanna be with you. Just wanna be with you. Just wanna be with you. just want to be with you. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Sister Sarah. Amen. Sister Sarah Smith, you come on. Amen. Let's give her a hand this morning. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Your grace and mercy [Music] brought me through. I'm living this moment because of you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and mercy brought me through. Thank you for saving a sinner like me. to tell the world that salvation is free. [Music] Though there were times when I didn't do right, but you watched over me all day and night. Your grace and mercy brought me through. [Music] I'm living this moment because of you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and mercy [Applause] brought me through. [Music] Justice deanded [Music] that I should die. But Jesus already [Music] paid the price. I once was blind, but now I see. Cuz your grace and mercy came and rescued me. [Music] Your grace and mercy brought me through. [Music] I'm living this moment [Music] because of you. [Music] I want to thank you and praise you too cuz your grace and mercy. Your grace and mercy. Your grace and mercy [Music] brought me through. [Music] Amen. Let us stand. How many you ready for the word? Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] We're going to do something a little different. Amen. Hold on one second. I have something else on my heart to sing here really quick. Let's get the Lord another hand. Amen. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back as I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday together. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. [Music] I've got my mind made and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus. Oh my word. Stay along with you. Goodbye pleasure. Stay along with you. I made up my mind to go way the rest of my life. Oh, made up my mind to go way the rest of my life. But I got goodbye world. Stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasure. [Music] [Applause] on my mind the rest of my life. My mind goodbye. Stay no longer with you. Goodbye pray of sin. Stay along with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh hallelujah. To go God's way the rest of my life. [Applause] Just wow. You guys are singing. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Greet you in the name of the Lord. And we're very happy to have you here on a beautiful sunny Sunday. Amen. Praise God. Happy to be back here in the home pull pit. We got to enjoy Brother Diggs on Wednesday and I've had so much so much feedback. Uh many people blessed here and abroad and u so I'm passing all of that along to brother Diggs to we sure appreciate him. I love how when he gets in this pullpit, he says, "Happy to be home." Amen. I tell him all the time, he's the most busy traveling evangelist we have because we only get him every couple months. He's home. Amen. So, uh, but he feels at home here and you make him feel at home. I just want you to know, he tells me that privately that this church feels like like his home church. Amen. And um and so of course he feels at home there with brother Anderson as well, but this is like brother Brandon would say when he'd be in Life Tabernacle there in uh in Louisiana, he would say, "This is my uh second home, you know, church." And so they started calling him the associate pastor. Well, Brother Diggs, we already got one associate pastor. We can't have a second one. But uh Amen. We sure appreciate Brother Cadre. Amen. I'm glad to be back from the trip in uh Arizona and had a wonderful time there. Just uh just amazing. And uh it was I I wrote back to brother Ron just to tell him it'll certainly be a hallmark in my mind uh as some of the best meetings I've ever been privileged to take a part of or even been in. And I've been in some good ones, man. And so that one was so good. There was such a pull on the word. was my first opportunity to uh preach alongside brother Chad Lamb. I had preached with brother Chad at a men's meeting years ago, but that's a little bit different. Those are really sessions and not s u preaching services per se. And um and so he uh I remember he was there and closed out the Sunday service. So it's just a different different uh vibe to that. This was my first time to preach in a meeting alongside of him and my goodness did I enjoy it. Brother Chad is such a wonderful brother and uh I just it's somebody that I could sit and talk to for hours and he he feels the same way. We got we got late at night standing in the lobby and I thought we were just going to be there. We might as well have stayed till daylight because we were just having such a good time talking about the word of God. And uh brother Jason Demars was there recently. And so um it's just wonderful, wonderful. We'll see. Amen. How the Lord goes forward. I'd I'd love to do that again sometime. Praise the Lord. We're going to invite you to Daniel chapter 7 this morning. And we're only going to read a couple of few verses here because we're going to read the entire chapter. So, we're going to let you be seated. And um while I have you standing, let me just make a few quick announcements. I heard part of this go forward already. We're praying um for Sister Deborah Lowry. Brother Mark wrote in this morning to to say she has hasn't turned a corner yet. Remember that they did when they went in, they found a second um disc that needed so she actually got a double surgery. And so I just would say to her, "Sister Deborah, take courage, sister. Once you get recovered, um according to the doctor, she'll probably never have to go through that again." Amen. So, um, just be giving her some extra prayer this morning. Would you please remember also brother Brad and sister Sarah abroad down in Venezuela there with brother Eric Gallow and meetings there. And brother Brad has asked us especially to pray. I got a text from him letting me know that he they'd made it safe. And so, um, I think that there's included a youth thing going on while they're there. And so we just want to be praying for their blessing, the blessing of the Lord upon all of that and their safe return. Amen. I want to um just make a just a reminder and uh we'll probably send out a reminder um um this week after today and just refer you back to the to the post that we posted. And I'm not going to say a lot u really I'm not going to add to it. Sister Emily composed it and um it was so perfect it didn't need any edits or amendments and I just posted it and we're going to be able to have some fellowship over Easter out here in our fellowship hall. So go back and look at the church chat and you'll see a reference to that a few few postings up and so we're looking forward to that. But I'll send you a a reminder also maybe tomorrow Tuesday. And then also you've got it. You you no you you you've no doubt have seen our special weekend. We're planning for the third weekend in May. And uh we are going to have a special weekend with the Berdettes and other friends. Brother Wes Ardal is coming over to be a part of it. We're going to get our Bethl singers, all you Bethl singers, our Bethl band, best band in the message. And uh we're going to get them um all Amen. and um get get get everything ready to go and get get all those ducks in a row. We're looking forward to that. It's going to be a a singing and a fellowship dinner that Saturday night. And brother Tim and brother Tony, we've been wanting them to come over for a long time. We've been wanting to get Brother Wes here for a long time. And so, uh we're going to put all that together on that third Saturday. And then, Brother Tim, we're gonna chain him down, told him to bring his preaching shoes, and we're gonna make him stay in work for us on Sunday. So, I'm looking forward greatly to that. Amen. Now, a little bit of word I'd like to make while I have your attention before we turn to the scripture. Um, I want to speak to you just briefly. Uh, and I want to make reference to a conversation that brother Jason Demars and I had. And, uh, as you know, Brother JD is really taking some amazing lessons in family relations. and and I was just in the back listening and he's working on, you know, the concepts of history and dating and courtship and all of that. And I just think that the material is fantastic and it really is a relief to me because sometimes I find it difficult without calling a special service, which we have done. We've had some meetings over at the Urban Brew on marriage and we plan to do some more of that. But I just appreciate brother Jason's uh teaching ability. And uh Brother Jason gets uh just just I just want you to know and we discussed this. Brother Jason um um gets a uh gets a next level threshold. He's covering materials that could could come across if you're if you if you misunderstand him. He comes almost into a pastoral lane. And normally I wouldn't allow a teacher to do that. Um and so but brother JD because of the uniqueness of his ministry and by that I mean not just how gifted it is but the fact that brother JD has done the work of an apostle for years um establishing churches abroad. He has founded churches. He teaches churches. He establishes pastors. He has a global footprint that he had long before he ever came to Bethl Tabernacle. This is in fact why Bethl Missions and Present Truth Ministry are separate. We did not absorb Present Truth Ministry. Brother JD moved that headquarters to here and works out of this church and we support Present Truth Ministry. Sometimes we're sending him on Bethl missions trips and um or or a combination of the two. We've done that before and we support him. But I just want to make a note uh so that you understand. Yes, the the the material is is is is really um really coming down to where the rubber meets the road and it has my endorsement and brother Jason and I have talked about this and if he gets too far out of his lane I'll tap him and say and he'll respond to that, you know, and so we have a wonderful fellowship, amen, of our ministry team. Now, I wasn't sure I was going to get to preach today because I slipped out to the restroom and and as I was coming back in, Sister Anna had the uh the door barricaded and a bunch of little girls behind her and um and there were some older sisters trying to get to the restroom, but all those little Sunday school girls were already in line and they were not going to get cut in front of. And so, as I'm walking up, here's a couple sisters who are who are held back and sister Anna's like, "Nobody's getting past me. And I said, "Well, can I go past?" And she went, "Uh, yeah, you can go past." And she said, "Move and let him go by." So, fortunately, Amen. Thank you, Sister Anna, for letting me get back to my office. Amen. I have to work today, so I appreciate that. Amen. Daniel chapter 7. Don't you love the Lord? Love the family of God. Amen. Daniel chapter 7. This is our third installment today and we're uh ministering on modern events again made clear by prophecy. Daniel 7 verse 1. In the first year of Belshazzer, king of Babylon, Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed. Then he wrote the dream and told the sum of the matters. Daniel spake and said, "I saw in my vision by night, and behold, the four winds of the heavens strove upon the great sea, and four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another. The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings, and I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet, as a man, and a man's heart was given to it. And behold, another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it, between the teeth of it. And they said thus unto it, "Arise, devour much flesh." After this, I beheld, and lo, another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a foul. The beast had also four heads, and dominion was given to it. After this, I saw in the night vision, and behold, a fourth beast, dreadful, and terrible, and strong exceedingly, and it had great iron teeth, and it devoured, and break in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it, and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it, and it had 10 horns. I considered the horns, and behold, there came up among them another little horn before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots. And behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things. Keep your Bibles open. Let's pray. Father, Lord, seemingly ominous words that we read in our opening text this morning. And these are weighty matters, Lord. And so, we're asking for your help today. Give us hearing hearts that we may be attentive to all the word of God. And father, teach us thy ways. Now, we're not here to just uh identify symbolism in scripture. We're we're here for more than that. We're not here merely to overlay history and prophecy and this just becomes a history lesson. We're here for more than that. So, Father, may we be able to read between the lines, not just what's on the lines. There are many Bible expositors who read these lines and offer theories and conjecture and doctrinal teaching. But Lord, we realize that we want to know more than just the words on the page. We want to be able to read the intent and find the heart of God between the lines, Lord, and find the vision that you have. So, master, now we come to this sacred moment and I commit it into your hands and commit my self into your hands for service. Father, keep me on track. There's so many directions that my mind would like to go in. It's been very difficult, exceedingly I would say, to try to figure out what we can cover and in what order and in what sequence and what makes the most sense. And so, I'm just trusting that you are in complete control of all of that. Now bless us one and all. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friend. You can be seated. So let's have my um PowerPoint title slide there. Brother Gideon, let's continue. Um, you know what? Gee, my apologies. We were in the middle of the scripture. Let's go back to that. Thank you. Um, let's pick back up at verse 9. Daniel 79. I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool. His throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire. This is quite an image. A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him. Thousand thousands ministered unto him, and 10,000 times 10,000 stood before him. The judgment was set and the books were opened. I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake. I beheld even till the beast was slain and his body destroyed and given to the burning flame. As concerning the rest of the beast, they had their dominion taken away, yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time. I saw in the night visions, and behold, one like the Son of Man came with clouds of heaven, and came to the ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. And there was given him dominion and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve him. His dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed. I, Daniel, was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me. I came near unto one of them that stood by, and asked him the truth of all this. So he told me, and made me know the interpretation of the things. These great beasts, which are four, are four kings, which shall rise out of the earth. But the saints of the most high shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom forever, even forever and ever. Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass, which devoured, break in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet. And of the 10 horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell, even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows. I beheld and the same horn made war with the saints and prevailed against them until the ancient of days came and judgment was given to the saints of the most high and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom. Thus he said the fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth which shall be diverse from all kingdoms and shall devour the whole earth and shall tread it down and break it in pieces. And the 10 horns out of this kingdom are 10 kings that shall rise, and another shall rise after them. And he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. And he shall speak great words against the most high, and shall wear out the saints of the most high, and think to change times and laws, and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time. But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume, and to destroy it unto the end. And the kingdom, and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high. Glory, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him. Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me, Daniel, my my my cognitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me, but I kept the matter in my heart. It's ominous and yet it's glorious. And this is what prophecy entails. Brother Brandham, I want to just get this out in the beginning. Uh I have a lot of quotes that we want to cover, but we're only going to get to this one today. And so, um, Brother Brandham is going to come in the message um, modern events made clear by prophecy. He preached in August of 1965. Amen. Let me know when we're ready. Okay. Praise the Lord. Modern events. And we are preaching today modern events again made clear by prophecy because we need to understand where we are in the vision. And I I will say I will say this to you and I'll just make these opening comments. [Music] When Daniel's vision of the seventh chapter is complete, that's it. and the kingdoms of our Lord have become the kingdoms uh the kingdoms h of the world have become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ. Now, there's lots of other places in Daniel we're going to have to look at. We're going to have to look at Daniel 12 and Daniel 9 and various places like that. Uh and we're going to try to piece all of this together for you. But I but you're going to see that four gentile kingdoms, notable kingdoms. There have been more than four gentile kingdoms. There have been more than four notable gentile kingdoms. The Assyrian kingdom was a very notable kingdom, but it's not included in these four. Amen. The Inca were a great empire, but they're not included in these four. You understand? So, you have great nations that have risen up. you have um you know um and I could go on down the list today. I don't want to get sidetracked because I'm I'll do that quickly if I start talking about history. We're going to talk a lot about history, but I'm trying to stay on track today. And so we realize that these four gentile kingdoms were going to be notable to God and they were going to be markers along the timeline of mankind in a fallen state. And we realize that coming out of the flood, you're going to have Nimrod rise up and there you're going to have ancient Babylon come on the scene. And so the first kingdom that's notable will be that Babylonian kingdom. It from there it will become and move to the Meo Persian uh empire and then which you know the Babylonian kingdom would be modernday Iraq. the Meo Persian uh would be Iran and places up through there. And then of course the third kingdom would be Alexander seen here as a leopard seen in another passage as a goat with a notable horn. While Persia are is a bear here that we find and you've got an you've got an uh an a lion and a bear and a leopard and so and then a fourth one is diverse from them all. But we realize that when Persia comes up, they are a ram with two horns in another place. You see here, they're a bear with with with ribs in their teeth. And so, you're going to get all of these variations. One of the things to notice is that that after the Grecian Empire under Alexander, you're going to have the Roman Empire come on the scene. And it's diverse from all other kingdoms in numerous ways. Probably one of the most um notable things that makes it diverse and different is that it will be the kingdom. Although it came on the scene and began to be an empire prior to the to to the Lord Jesus being in the earth. The and you go all the way back to get to that Roman. First it was a republic and then and then under Augustus it becomes empire because you you can hardly make the argument for empire until Augustus. But but at any rate so we find that it becomes an empire and it's pagan Rome and it rules the civilized world and uh and and none of them ever ruled the entire globe like the king in the millennium will but they but they had a dominion. And so we realize that one of the things that makes this pagan uh gentile power unique is that it collapses but then through some subtuge and I I I'll go over that when I go into the and and and I deal with that through the history and we find that it resurfaces as papal Rome. Now it's not a political now it's religious that controls political. So now it's a full trifecta, brother Brandham said, of political power, religious power, and demon power. Amen. So we realize then that it invaded Christian Christianity uh after the death of the apostles and the Roman church says that we are the first church. They brother Brandham owned that said well that's true in a sense they are the first organized church but the very first church was at Jerusalem on the day of Pentecost when the jubilee the longawwaited jubilee that Israel had waited on had finally arrived and now the ministry of the son of man that was in operating in Jesus Christ. That ministry would cross over and be born into a bride into a bride body. And that ministry uh would go forward and brother Brandon would say things like now the word of God is made flesh again in the earth. Now it's his body. It's his bride. It's his true church. A lot of times we have to say bride to avoid having you say why do you why don't you just say church? Well if I said church then I got to I got to give you a long explanation that there's two vines and there's a true church and there's a false church. And so it was always supposed to be just the church. And in fact is in that or in those early days every church you would go to was a message church. There was no such thing in the early days as a church that wasn't preaching Paul's doctrines. Not one. They were all subject to St. Paul. Even the apostles. And they were preaching because Paul was the messenger to that age. And so, so this is why you're going to find that that the first thing that happens is they get the dynamics, they get the abstract title. Amen. They get the ministry of the son of man. They get power and then what happens after that? Uh Paul comes on the scene as the second stage. And then from there it the the teaching gets established. So it's dynamics, prophet, and the opening of the word. But when you turn it to the end time, it starts with the opening of the word by a prophet and it finishes with the dynamics. So he's going to finish the church like he started it. This is why it is a restoration back to Paul's teaching because uh that that age was not allowed to go all the way to a body change. They had everything they needed. They had the full word. They had the token. They had the abstract title. They had the son of man. They had the both office and ministry of the son of man. But but but brother Brandham shows us that Jesus had prophesied except a corn of wheat died abideth alone. And since God was never planning just to save that first age because his book of life had names all down through the ages. And I'm glad he didn't just take the first one and one and done. I'm glad he that he stepped back into the eternities and interceded on ignorance and kept building his church and building his church until we've come down to the end time. And now we are at the glorious hour where the restoration is now upon the scene and we are literally returning back to pick up where that church apex began to decline. We pick up right back there and carry it on to a body change. Amen. Because when the last name is called, there aren't any more names. And then the bride is taken from the earth, when she goes, the blood of Christ, the mercy for the Gentiles is gone. That blood ring vanishes. God can then see the sin. That's how the tribulation. You're holding it back here because you're the blood of God by the spirit. Amen. See, so it was never going to be about the chem the chemistry of the blood. It was going to be about the spirit, the life that was in the blood. So the it's not the chemistry. That chemistry ran down the cross, went on the earth, and claimed the earth. But it was the token is not the chemistry. Nobody's got the chemistry. Say, "I'm saved by the blood." You're saved by the life that was in the blood. Nobody has a vial of the chemical of Jesus blood. And if you did, your value would be more than than the value of that because God spent that to get you. Hallelujah. So when you go buy goods, you hand over your money because the goods that you want is more valuable to you than your money. You say, uh, this is valuable, but I'll give this to you if you give me that. And you were so valuable. He was so determined to fill the role of all the names that he came and died for the sins of the whole world. Amen. So, so we find then that we have come now at this time at this end time and a lot of what I'm saying I'll show you in in slides not today. It's going to take a little while to go through this and I'll just remind you that I'm not doing this is not a study per se on the book of Revelation. This is a study on modern events. Made clear by prophecy from Genesis to Revelation. Amen. That's why today we're starting in Daniel. And you know when you let me just let me just cut to the chase uh and give you give you a little bit of of coming thunder is that the modern events made clear by prophecy have all you know you say oh well what's happening in the White House and what's happening at the Kremlin and what's happening in Beijing and what's happening in North Korea they're just pawns they're just players what's happening in the Vatican just a piece on the chessboard and God is moving them around. The greatest the event, the greatest modern event that will again be made clear by prophecy is a bride of the last days with the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. And you will be a modern event, the modern event made clear in prophecy. Hallelujah. You're surviving Leodysia because it's prophesied you would. You're living. You're overcoming. That's where your faith is. That's why the message is so vital, so critical, so important. You need to eat it, consume it, live in it, think on it, pray about it, and constantly be feeding on the word of God. If you would do that, you know what would happen? Like the song, the things of this world would grow strangely dim. People want overcoming power. They come to church, they hear a sermon, convicts them, they know they're not living very spiritual. Listen friends, you're not living very spiritual because of your spiritual diet. That the world already bombards you with things you can't avoid. We have to get our kids educated. We have to have careers. We have to work jobs. We have to pay bills. The and and and you have to rub shoulders with it. And Paul, you know, Paul was not in favor of you going to live in a commune somewhere. And God was not in favor of his prophet living in the wilderness somewhere. He said, "I've sent you out as sheep among wolves." See, so so we so we realize then that that that God is is in spite of all of these trials. And in fact, as I would say to you, that it is because of your endurance through the trials that are making you stronger. I know they feel wearing, but and paradoxically, every time you get through them, tired, weary, and exhausted, you're stronger. Yes. Amen. You're more valuable to God. A lot of times the trial leaves you so beat down, you don't even feel spiritual, you feel useless to God. Trust me, you're now more valuable because you've learned things you don't even know you've learned until you face them again. And suddenly there's some kind of strength and power that you didn't have when you went through it the first time, but going through the first time and you got through it, then Gabe gives it to you the next time. And this is how God is doing. This is why we're climbing Mount Zion. And so I would say to you today, you know, reach up and get a higher handhold. Let the word of God cause you to climb higher. And what'll happen is that that that when you when you do that and when you when you go through that, you don't have to come to church and hear the word and get convicted and and you you you know, the preacher reads a certain scripture, makes a certain comment, you know, that you just almost have to bow your head. Don't live like that. Don't be that guy or that gal. uh go back to the word and say, "Lord, bring me into this image today. I don't want to be that person that has to blush in the presence of the Holy Ghost. I want to be somebody that's usable in his hands. I want to be somebody he can trust." So, Satan fills up your life with so much stuff that you can't even avoid. You have to do it. So, whatever you do, don't add freebies to the list. Amen. You're you're shooting yourself in the foot. And that's not that's painful. Amen. So, Brother Brandham comes here and I'm going to have to watch my time. I don't want to go long, especially teaching. It really sponges the mind and work gives you a workout. So, I don't want to overt tax you. I want you to learn and and again, we're not just learning data. Please don't take this as just data. This is supposed to be lifechanging. These are nutrients and vitamins and minerals of the word because brother Brandham said when the bride recognizes what she is. See, and that she can do the greater works. And how do you do that? Faith comes by hearing the word. We're going to identify you in prophecy. We're going to show you why you're a modern event. Again, just like in Pentecost, just like in Brother Brandham's ministry, the bride is again made clear in prophecy. Amen. Do you want to be that? So this will I thought that I would read this today so that you could you could have it as a foundation for the whole purpose of this series. So brother Brandham Oops. Whoops. So brother Brandham would say here in modern events made clear in ' 65. This is just months before going home. Now just let's read along with me. This is the only PowerPoint I have for today. Now I want to speak concerning this Bible and my subject tonight for the topic is events made clear by prophecy. Events made clear by prophecy. Do we not have the back screen working? Is that not working? Okay. All right. Um now the Bible is a different book from all other sacred books. The Bible is a different book. It is a book of prophecy for telling future events. And it's also the revelation of Jesus Christ all the way from Genesis to Revelation brings him out in his fullness what he was and is. And the whole complete book of revelation 1 chapter 1 verse 1 to3 said the book is a book of the revelation of Jesus Christ which is the word of God. The revelation of Jesus Christ the word of God. Now all other books sacred books is only a code of ethics a code of morals or a code of theology something that's the Quran that's Buddhism that's all the an that's denominational creeds see and so it's just morals and a code of theology something that how many ever read the Quran the Muhammad and Bible and the books of the Buddhist and so forth it's just a code of ethics what people should live how they should live but it doesn't prophesy doesn't say anything about these things or about any special gifts being given to anybody, anything to take place just like joining a lodge or something. For the Bible, I love this. For the Bible is a living foretold witness of Jesus Christ. So, it's a living book. See, and as the earth has grown into its fullness, see, we've covered 6,000 years. of mankind living in a fallen state. That's about that world order is about to change. Amen. It's about to get the world's not ending. The world order is changing. See, can't annihilate the earth. It's an eternal attribute of God. Millennium will be right here. Heavens and earth, new heavens and new earth will be right here. And as the earth has grown into its fullness and also uh and also vines grow into their fullness, the day grows into its fullness. The Bible was manifested in its fullness in the person of Jesus Christ. He was the word of God revealed. The whole complete book of redemption. The Bible is God's word foretelling the future events. Amen. You're tracking. You're tracking. Its believers is commanded by its author to read and believe every word of it. Not just part of it. One word to disbelieve it. You might as well quit trying until you believe that word. Every word is absolutely a part of almighty God. God made manifest uh wound into his word to show forth who he is. Now I want to make a comment here. So, you know what we're reading here is brother Brham is encapsulating what your Bible is that that Jesus Christ was the perfection of it. And that what you're seeing here is that the life that was in him is in the word. And when you are born again of the spirit of God, that life is in you. So whether it's the seed of the word, whether it's the logos that was with God and was God, whether it's the gene of God inside you, that it's all the it's all part of the same thing. It's all part of God's expression. So the gene in you allows you to be a continuation of the ministry of Christ. When you read and study the word of God, when you absorb the message of the hour, when you align your life and your lifestyle according to the word that's here, then there is no better representation of who Jesus is than you. Amen. Amen. This can be questioned, but they can't question your experience because you're the one had it. And you become a living testimony. They can they can deny all day long uh that the Bible doesn't require it doesn't mean that you have to live holy and separate until you do it. And on the day of judgment, they won't be able to say, "Well, Lord, we didn't think that it meant that." But the Lord will say, "Well, my bride lived right across the street from you, worked with you, went to school with you, assembled multiple times a week, every week, and you drove by and you saw them." Amen. See, so in that respect, then would we not? And here's a very honest question you need to ask yourself, cuz maybe it's not true for you. I hope it's true for everybody, but I can't make it true for you. And God won't make it true for you. You have to make it true. Duh. Is the my life an accurate testimony of Christ? Amen. Yes or no? Plain and simple. I'm not talking about, well, I go to church a couple times a week. Most of you do at least. And and and I I pay my tithe. Most of you do. Thank you. God bless you. I you know, I sing. Yeah. Praise God. You know, I I testify and witness to people. Wonderful. that but but listen can I just say to you not to burst your bubble not to tell you that you're not appreciated but Jesus said that as his servant if at the end of your life you do you have done everything asked of you your testimony shall be I was just the Lord's unprofitable servant no glory to me all glory to him so at at the very least I'd like to be able to stand there and say When I was weak, he was strong. When I couldn't face it, he kept pushing me on. And all I could do was surrender. And surrender is everything I could. And I and I and I didn't always surrender it successfully, but I kept trying. I kept pushing at it. Here's what I was determined. I was determined to do it. You see, it's like brother Jules said many years ago when we were up in the A-frame and brother Jules said exactly like brother Jules said it. I ain't got a problem is you got a problem. He said what I got a problem is you got a problem and want to keep that problem now I got a problem. See so so we we all have problems. We all have weaknesses. Come on. Look at your neighbor and say, "He's strong, but I I don't know about me." It's like It's like the guy said to his best friend, his best friend, no less, he said, "You know, buddy, the world is full of liars except me and you, and I ain't sure about you." But it's a choice that you make. And I'm I'm not here today to say your W your win column needs to always have a check mark in it and your L column better not have any check marks in it. That I'm glad that the blood of Jesus accounts for that and covers for all the the check marks in the in the losses column that I've got. It's not about wins and losses. It's about where's your heart at? What do you desire? What do you want to be? Amen. And that's what God is looking at at what I want to be. It's what he told sister Georgie E. Bruce. She said, "But brother Brandon, I make so many mistakes. The prophet didn't deny that. He just said, "Sister, that's why Jesus had to die. He was our propitiation." But God looks at your heart at what you want to be. You want to be a godly woman. You want to be full of the Holy Ghost. You want to have the power. I want to have the power. I want to be godly. I want to have the word living in me. Oh my goodness. Bethl Tabernacle. Did I just see only a third of the hands? Do I need to say that again? Do you not agree with me? How many agree with me? Say, I want to be all of the word. Well, there's about half of you. I want to be all of the word. It's the last time I'm going to ask. Here's your last chance for the Lord to see it. I want to be all the word that he wants me to be. Praise God. All right, Lord. There you go. I asked it five times. So, you saw the hands. Amen. See, so that's what this sermon is about. If you don't have that in your heart, we love you. We'll pray for you. Come up here. I'll stop preaching right now and we'll pray you through to victory. I want to see the word desire burning in our hearts. We are going to make mistakes. We are going to make mistakes. You are going to make mistakes. But I want to see the desire of the Lord and the desire of his word burning. I want to try and if I fail, I'll try again. Right. This is not a legalist church. I've been accused of being a grace preacher and they weren't complimenting me. Was not a compliment. It was that you're too too much of a grace preacher. Well, I only that because of how much of it I need. I'm sorry. If you wanted a a a perfect pastor 30 years ago, you made the wrong choice. I got my ups and downs. I'm a man of like passions just like Elijah, just like Moses, just like Paul, just like brother Brandham, but I love the Lord and I love his word and I want to see him have victory in all of our lives. Amen. So, you know, here's a question to ask yourself in your daily activities. And you should think about this whether you're at work, whether you're in school, whether you're at recreation, whether you're shopping, whether you're on vacation. Don't don't take a vacation from holiness. Oh, I don't got to go to church this Sunday. I get to go down and I'm going to strip down and I'm going to show some flesh and I'm going to participate in this. Shame on you, friends. That's right. What happened to your love and allegiance to Christ? That's right. Amen. Well, I got to do an activity, so I can't exactly look like holiness. What is wrong with you? Do you realize? Did Did you Did anybody ever tell you that Jesus suffered, bled, and died for you? And and paid a horrible price so we would never have to pay it. Amen. So again, it's not about mistakes. It's about where's your heart. Amen. What are you That should tell you how much you need to get praying. It's where's your heart at today. See, if you don't care how you how you dress and how you act and where you go and what you do, then I'll just keep praying for you and I'll keep preaching to you as long as you'll keep coming here. Uh, and we'll keep loving you and we'll keep praying and trusting the Lord and we'll keep running meetings and we'll keep teaching and preaching and I'll bring in the weapon and and he'll preach to you and he'll walk the aisles and make everybody nervous and and but but but it's effective. Amen. I want to see our parents full of the spirit of God because I want to see the children have a fighting chance. I want to see our teenagers with a fighting chance. You might do everything right. They might still go astray. That can happen. Nobody had better parents than Adam and Eve. They had God for a parent. They He had them in a perfect environment, a paradise, and they still fell. It can happen. But at least I'd like to know that I did everything I could and I put on the right example. See, and so, you know, and I and and and I'm looking as one and wow, this is not in my notes. Lord, what's up? And you know, I'm I'm just saying, friends, as a 30-year pastor, a lot of my scars is that when I saw those sweet little seven, eight, nine, and 10 year olds, and you thought they would just be a perfect little angel, though, though the parents didn't really live the right example, didn't even keep them in church regular. And then they hit 11 or 12, and I started seeing it. And then 13 and 14, the hair was changing, the skirt was rising, the boys were getting this, and they were getting that, and the world was starting to show on them. And then by the time they're 16, they're just running wild. And and you don't you don't have any clue what a scar, what a what a stab that is to a pastor's heart who preached so hard and pleaded with those parents to to make Christ the center of your home, and they didn't. And to make church the center of your activity, and they didn't. to make the Bible the center of your knowledge and they didn't. Yeah. And today to to pass them on the street and to see them and and they're just blown completely out into the world. You think there's no hope for them, Brother Jason? As long as I got breath in me, there's hope. I'll pray for them. I'll love them. I'll be kind to them. I'll try my best. and and thankfully God comes back around and many times brings them right back in, fills them full of the Holy Spirit and even even smears sav over all the wounds that they got out in the world needlessly. They shouldn't have never had to get them, but they do. I don't know why I'm preaching this today, friends, but this is what's on my heart. Amen. You understand that that if you that that training up a child is not an option. Amen. because they're going to get trained. Yeah. It's just a it's the only option it is. Do you want to be the one to do it or do you want to let the world do it? Somebody's going to train them. See? So, it's not about, oh, I don't I don't want to do the harder work. I don't want to live it a certain way. You better because if you don't, they'll take an example from someone else. See? Amen. All right. So, so you need to think about that when you're working or you're in school or you're shopping or you're recreating or you're vacationing. Think about your testimony. Think, does my life is my life demonstrate that it's worthy of the gospel? Amen. Is that okay? You still love me? Amen. Brother Luther, ain't nobody run out, have they? All right. That That's rare. People don't usually storm out on me. I've had it happen, but it's rare. So he goes on. So he says every word is absolutely a part of almighty God. God made down at the bottom uh oh let me start at the top. Its believers is commanded by its author to read and believe every word of it not just part of it. One word to disbelieve it. You might as well quit trying until you believe that word. Every word is absolutely a part of almighty God. God made manifest wound into his word to show forth who he is. I got to speed up. We are commanded as believers to believe every word of it. And it's wrote by the author of God himself. There is nobody can add anything to it or take anything from it. If you would, it would be a freak body of God. It would have maybe like six fingers on one hand and three arms or something to add. It wouldn't look like a the the symmetry of of what the church, the body of Christ should look like. to make something away from it and be one arm short, one finger short. It's the complete body of Jesus Christ. And in Christ being the male, the groom, the bride is represented in him also. And these two are one. At that day, you'll know that I am in the father, the father in me, I in you, and you in me. What a complete picture. Amen. And the true believers of this word, I think I have two more frames. the true believers of this word. Now, this is modern events made clear by prophecy. And I've already said to you, you're the most you're the highest profile event God is trying to make according to prophecy. Amen. You're the event. You're the highest profile event in the modern day that God is looking for his word to become flesh. Amen. See, so it's it's way less about Trump's tariffs. Amen. It's way less than what the Vatican is doing. It's way less than what Russia going on there in Ukraine. It's it's way less than that. You know, the only thing that the world including China and they're all finding out is what I said years a what I said about a year and a half ago is China is finding out you cannot fight the beast. Amen. The beast controls the world through commerce and craft and money. See, so this is a monetary battle that's going on. It's about trade and international monetary and and and and I'm here to tell you that nations can do whatever they want. And I don't even have a clue. I'm not here to tell you how it's going to turn out. Who is Trump? I don't. He's a man who's who's holding the office. Is he going to be the one that is in there when we go home? Will Will Francis be the pope? I don't know. I know whatever pope is in there. When the bride goes up, Satan incarnates him and he becomes a an incarnate beast. I I I I I I know that the beast system is in Revelation 13. I know that's America. Amen. So, you know, I mean, I I know that it's going to eventually get to where somebody's going to globally rise up and go, peace and safety finally, and then sudden destruction. That's what I know. How all the pieces are going to fit together, who's going to do what when, who's on first, what's on second. I don't definitely don't know who's on third, but we're going to find out. Uh, you're going to you're going to have a ringside seat at a marriage supper. I'm so glad I don't have to be here to go through all of that. My to watch those messengers of every age pour out their vial into the tribulation and they thought that a partial a partial pouring out of the vial during the ages was something and and e even though it caused woes and world wars and they think that's horrible, that's nothing. That was a temporary judgment. Wait till each messenger steps to side. You say, you think that's something? Watch this. And pours out the the the bowl, the vial of wrath, and watch it go down into the earth. And the Bible says, "Woe unto the inhabiters of the earth." Amen. For Satan has come down to you. See? Oh, hide me in the rock, oh Lord Jesus. Hide me in the rock. Hide my children. Hide my grandchildren in the rock of ages. Amen. Every believer see and the true believers in this world who accept it that way believe it and with patience wait for its prophesied promises. Every one of them to be manifested in its age. Every believer has watched for it. Every believer that's been on the toes watching is the ones that's been revealed to. So are you on your toes? Amen. A lot of times you feel like, man, I'm I'm behind. Wow. What what's what's this preacher preaching about? I just thought I'm just living a life and I go to a message church and what what's everybody so excited about? Well, it's only the Bible says it's the at the end time, it's those who know their God who are doing great exploits. Hallelujah. So, you know, if you see the power of the spoken word operating in my life and you don't feel like you've got it, then just follow the path I followed. See? All right. So every believer has watched for it. Every believer that's been on the toes watching is the ones that's been revealed to. Now look in the days of the coming of the Lord Jesus. Why didn't those people recognize John when the Bible plainly said by Isaiah, there will be a voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare the way of the Lord. Their last prophet they had, Malachi 3 said, "Behold, I send my messenger before my face to prepare the way." Why didn't they see it? Because they was looking upon something that had been done, basing their thoughts upon some message that had went forth beforehand and failed to see the present manifestation of God in the day they were living. So, it's all about seeing the manifestation of God in the day that you're living in. And you know, this is exactly why um that I have been I took the first two sessions and I I I I wanted even to go there today and it just I it seemed like the Lord hasn't had that for me. But we're we're we're going to keep going through it because again again again again again again I'm not here to just educate you in prophecy. I'm here to show you where the pieces fit and what it means for you. See, because everything we're learning means something for you. It's not just data. It's not just information. We're not here just to give you theology. We're here to activate your faith so that you can get busy cooperating in the vision. Amen. That's what the Christian life is about. It's about coop. God has a vision for you. I pray all the time, God, bring these people to the bring me bring me and them to the vision you saw of us before the foundation of the world. Whatever's got to happen, just make that happen. Amen. You can pray that way when your when your trust in the Lord uh is is absolute. Amen. But when we read about these prophecies and like we read lengthy in Daniel, you know, I and I I'm working on an essay that um that I'm not going to read for you, but I have the introduction here that I just want to uh go across and kind of half read it and half preach it to you at the same time because and and I want to leave you with this thought today. This is what I want to leave you with. And this isn't this is the introduction. And I'm just going to read I don't know that I'll read it all. It's just several paragraphs long. But I still got you. Amen. You didn't check out and go to Walmart, did you? Everybody still here? All right. Good deal. So, as mankind, the the essay opens this way. As mankind nears the end of a 6,000year run, Amen. in a fallen state. Is there hope for the survival of the human race? You think that's a fair question? Amen. The Bible, listen closely. The Bible does not offer hope that the end of the world can be avoided. Right? Amen. That's it. Offers hope, but not that hope. Right. It does however declare with equal assurance, thank God, that hope in Christ through saving faith will save one from the judgments of God's wrath and the destruction of the world order. Amen. Steeped in sin. Amen. Scripture describes the sequence of end time events, get this, as a prophetic certainty. Amen. Let that sink. Scripture describes the sequence of end time events as a prophetic certainty. by biblical passages dealing with the end times. We've read part of it today that that deal with the end times such as Matthew 24, chapter 24, chapter 25. You remember Jesus goes there and that's that's the chapter where there'll be wars and rumors of wars. The end is not yet. These things must be the beginning of sorrows. You remember there'll be there'll be false prophets arise and will deceive many so that it if it were possible it should deceive the very elect. You remember all that? Remember those ominous words? So this is the same Jesus that's that that brought the gospel and he sent the he sent his disciples out two by two. So you realize that he didn't send the gospel into the world to to circumn the certainty of what he said's coming. The world system is going to pass away and nothing can stop it. Scripture describes the sequence of end time events as prophetic certainty. Biblical passages dealing with the end times such as Matthew 24, Matthew 25, Mark 13, Luke 21, Daniel 7, Daniel 9, Daniel 12, 1 and 2 Thessalonians, and especially the book of Revelation. Amen. as seen are seen as prophetic descriptions of events that will happen. And this is a big point. They will happen not because God is an evil ogre. Right? Amen. Amen. They will happen. They are events that will happen as part of God's sovereign plan. They are not, these prophecies are not presented as warnings of potential outcomes that human actions can prevent. Amen. Amen. Like all other scripture, endtime events are viewed through the lens of a divine plan determined by the creator long before the foundation of the world. Amen. Amen. The end of the current age. That's the age that we are living in. And Christ's return. The So, the end of the current age, Christ's return, the final judgment, the establishment of a new heaven and a new earth. Those things are considered and should be thought of by you as integral parts of God's ultimate plan for redemption and the consummation of his kingdom. This has always been about him. Oh yeah. It's of him, from him, by him, for him, to him. Hallelujah. Understand this is his plan. Amen. And so it's all under sovereign control and it cannot be countermanded. Amen. So these events that we speak of, the current age, the the world system, the sin that's upon the earth, Christ's return, the final judgment, the establishment of a millennium, the establishment of a new heavens. These are not these are not in your Bible uh depicted as contingent events, but they are decreed certainties. Yes. Amen. They're not contingent events. There's no contingency clause, right? They are decreed certainties. Amen. Jesus stated in Matthew 24, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word, my word, my word. Come on. My kingdom, my family, hallelujah. My bride, my wordborn bride will never pass away. Amen. Emphasizing the certainty of the events described, the hope offered in scripture is genuine. Amen. And applicable to the salvation of the soul and overcoming the world. Thank God. Amen. which is part of the, you know, when I say overcoming the world, I mean the part of our everyday experiences of life. Ain't we got some? Amen. Come on. Ain't we got some? Some of them are doozies. Say, Lord, why am I You remember You remember a couple weeks ago when we were preaching, why did the Lord put Abraham to such an unreasonable trial? Walks him outside to make him tell him the stars. Abraham, I might just do away with you if you can't tell me the number of stars. I mean, what an impossible task. How unreasonable was the question. Lord, wait a minute. Let me get this straight. You've walked me outside and now you're requiring me to look up and count and tell you the number of stars. And I know you know them, but you wanted to see if I know them. And God, as I said to you, God already knew he couldn't tell him the answer. You think God didn't know the question was unreasonable, but God put him in an unreasonable situation to so he would stop reasoning the word cuz this was now the third time. Genesis 15 was the third time Abraham still has to be assured. Abraham, I already told you in chapter 12. I already told you in 13. Now I'm hear it again. And you're still whining and crying. I don't think I can do it. I don't see I can make it. circumstances this and the world that and I don't got this and and this one's got that and I ain't got nothing and and and and it now it looks like these circumstances are going to swallow me and my the weakness of my flesh and God wanted him to stop doing that. Look at the original word. Look at the stars that it's already got your whole life mapped out. The the word in the stars sees you there in that kingdom. Amen. This is why we go back to the original word when we find ourselves in fear. Just go back to the word. So the hope offered in scripture is genuine. It's applicable to salvation of the soul and overcoming of the world which is part of our everyday experience of life. But concerning the end time events laid out in prophecy, hope is not for the avoidance of the end of this current world system. It's not a hope for the for it's not a hope of avoidance of the end of this current system, but rather a way to escape it and live on beyond it. Amen. I want to live on beyond it. Hallelujah. When the world's on fire, I want to still be alive. I want to know my redeemer liveth. Praise God. Hope for believers. I'm just finishing up and I'm we're going to close. Hope for for believers lies in not only being saved from destruction to come. But while passing through the perilous times that lead unavoidably to the tribulation, they are actively strengthened and secured by the simple act of passing through them. You understand? This world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives in my heart. You're you're you're the fact that you're here going forward. Remember forward is upward. Remember that forward is onward. Onward is upward. And the bride got out of step, but she kept going forward. She kept going. She was marching to onward Christian soldiers. And instead of going down with the rest of the world, she started going up. Oh, hallelujah. Even when she stumbled and was out of step, she was still going up. Amen. And so we so you realize then that that that that while we're passing through these perilous times that lead to the tribulation, these perilous times are actively strengthening us. And we are secured by the act of passing through them while maintaining our hope in Christ. Now James says that knowing this James 1:3 that the trying of your faith workketh patience. You should let faith go. You should let uh faith work in you and patience because patience is what will be your reward. See that the trying of your faith workketh patience. So let it work. Let it work. Amen. Quit quit sobbing. Quit crying. Stop crying, John. The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. And when and John went are you talking about skitso? John went from weeping and crying to all heaven heard him shouting glory hallelujah. Hallelujah. First Peter 1:7 that the trial of your faith being much more. Everybody say much more. Much more precious than of gold that perisheth. Yeah. So I've got something that's worth more than gold. Yeah. The trying of my faith. Wait, what? Yeah. The trying of your faith. Because though it be tried with fire, your faith might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. Gold perisheth. But faith endures. I'm here to tell you, when you see Jesus, you won't care about how much gold you have. Oh my friends, having escaped the corruption in the world through lust and being delivered from eternal condemnation through faith in Jesus Christ. And this is a statement I try I couldn't remember who I got this from. I read it somewhere in a commentary. Remember friends that the trial of your faith being much more precious than that than than than of gold. And this one author said that that it will be your faith, not your gold that God will have on display as evidence of his victory. Oh, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust and being delivered from eternal condemnation, friends, through faith in Jesus Christ. It will be your faith, not your gold, that God will have on display. Authentic hope. Authentic hope in Christ is centered on Jesus's victories, his victorious return to defeat the devil, judge the world, and establish his eternal reign. It's not it's not it's not to to preserve the world's fallen state. Amen. That's not what hope in Christ is to do. Amen. See, read that again. Authentic hope in Christ is centered on Jesus's victorious return to defeat the devil, judge the world, establish his eternal reign. Not in any way at all to preserve the world's fallen state. Amen. Properly placed and understood. How many want it properly placed? You want your hope in Christ properly placed? Yes. Properly placed and understood. Hope lies. Is it real? Yeah, it's real. Is it genuine? Absolutely. Is it a thing? You better believe it. See, it's what sustains us. Properly placed and understood. Hope lies in the promise of Christ for the resurrection of the sleeping saints, the change of our mortal bodies, and the promise of eternal life with the Lord and a renewed creation for a thousand years of millennial reign. How many takers? The ultimate hope is in the new heavens and the new earth that follows the judgment where righteousness dwells. You can find that in second Peter chapter 3 signifying the end of sin, suffering, death, and the full realization of God's kingdom. I'm going to be so glad to come to the end of sin, the end of death, the end of suffering, the end of partying, the end of grief, the end of stress, the end of anxiety, the end of fear, the end of trouble. Oh, hallelujah. The end of worry. Glory to God. Friends, now you got something you can put your faith in. The certainty of prophecy isn't avoidable. It's the last paragraph. The scripture emphasizes the need for repentance and preparation for the end of the world. Amen. the warnings to seek God's salvation before serve not to avert the end but to urge people to turn to God for salvation before the final judgment. The hope offered is not in preventing these events but in receiving God's grace and salvation to pass over them into eternal life. Amen. How many takers? Oh yeah. Sign me up, Lord. All the way. I'll take it. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised few. I started with Jesus and I'm going through. Amen. Come, brother Anthony. Bring your team. Let's stand to our feet, friends. Amen. That's enough for today. Um, I've got a lot of diagrams we want to use and a lot of imagery and uh, technology has made it infinitely easier to get all that stuff now. Instead of having to scour the internet for and try to find something close to what you're looking for, you can actually create it now. So, we're enjoying that quite a bit. That's quite helpful. Amen. And uh, love the Lord. How many loving? Amen. I want you to bow your heads with me over the building today. And um just um whatever you choose, Brother Andrew, or whatever brother Tony directs. Lord, now I've already uh I've already completed three installments in this series, and I just feel like I'm just getting started. There's so much to cover, so much to show, so many nuggets and beautiful stones and diamonds and rubies to pull out and look at and gaze at, see where it all fits, to see all the pieces come together and and to realize, Lord, I suppose for me as I study this, Lord, and I I it is my hope in you that I can deliver it to the people in the same way that there has been such an assurance in my heart. I can see that you really do have all of this in your control. He's got it all in control as the as we sing the song. And I'm so glad that's true. Lord, I pray today that everyone under the sound of my voice will take new courage today to take and and say, "Lord, I want to be a part of this and I I I I feel like maybe I got some ground to make up. Help me today, Lord. Help me quickly. Oh, maybe I've been a two or three at the end of the line, one or two or three getting out of step and a prophet saying, "Get back in line. Get back in step. Stay in line. Stay in line. Help us, Lord." He said, "When I came out of the vision, the last thing I saw is those little girls. They were hurrying to get back in step." Oh, I'm so glad that's the last thing. As the vision faded from him, he said, "They were hurrying to get back in step." Oh, lamb of God. I want to be hurrying today. We don't know, Lord, what the world holds. We We know what tomorrow holds. I I know that the world is this world's order is reached its end, man. 6,000 years in a fallen condition is coming to a conclusion. Amen. You're not just going to wait forever for to go get Benjamin. Well, Lord, when we look at Joseph, that was Azenath was actually almost second tier. She was just dismissed to the palace. Joseph's boughs long to embrace Benjamin, the one who had been born in his absence. And Lord, that's that 144,000. And you long to be with them. And you can't go to them until this bride is taken from the earth. And she can't be taken from the earth till that last seed. Oh, may it be, Lord God, that we'll find that last seed right here, right quick. Perhaps Brother Brad will be preaching in South in Central America and and he'll find that last seed. Maybe brother JD when he's in Egypt, he'll find that last one. Who can say Lord? Oh lamb of God. Maybe it might be right here in Buford, South Carolina. And we'll go down, Lord. Uh as the place where the last seed came in and once that happens, Lord, things move very quickly at that point. It gathers up. Prophet said it it gathers up into itself very quickly. There's a short quick work. It gathers up into itself and the bride is gone. whisked away. Lord, that anointing doesn't go back. It that eagle doesn't fly back home. That that eagle lifts up, flies east, picks up Moses and Elijah, and goes right to Benjamin. Goes right to those 144,000. They're going to receive this same Holy Ghost experience. They're going to receive this same word, this same Christ. Oh, lamb of God, what a day. Israel, true Israel, will be born as a nation in one day. In one day, that nation of true Israel, that 144,000 elected, it's not the Wall Street Jews. It's not all of that. It's that elected Jew born as a nation in one day. Oh, lamb of God, we want to be a part of it. It's it's it's it's terrifying and it's exciting at the same time. It's it's dreadful, but yet it's glorious. What a paradox. Lord, I remember when a prophet is coming to the end of his last message 1964 and he says, "Now for the world, it's a very dark time for the world. It's very sad. It's it's very serious and dangerous." And the world even then knew hardly nothing of what we realize today. The world was becoming very dangerous, very dark, very evil very quickly. It would only take a few decades and it would spiral, Lord. And and we we are faced today with impossible odds and an impossible darkness. But he went on to say, "But for the bride, it's a glorious day. It's a bright and sunshine day. Oh, her hope is in Christ. Our hope is in the Lord. Master, we love you today. And I pray that you'll quicken our young people, Lord, to want to know the things of God. Quicken our married couples to want to know the things of God. Our seniors, Lord, our ministry team. Quicken us all, to want to know the things of God. To know the vision clearly and see our place in it and be marching in rhythm and harmony to the word. May you grant it to us, Lord. Time for playing church long ago over. These are very serious times. And yet it's a a a time of jubilation to think that my hope is in the Lord and it shall sustain me and secure me and I won't pass through that tribulation like Noah had to. I'll pass over it. Oh God, like Enoch will take a walk home one of these days. So I pray today for every man, woman, boy, and girl present and across the airwaves, maybe a later time by an archive. Would you deal with their hearts, Lord? We love them. There was nothing said today with malice or envy. There was nothing said today with anger or or or disgust. Everything today, Lord, the feeling in my heart, however it sounded coming from my mouth, Lord, I didn't mean for it to sound harsh, but I it just if the people can just see that it comes from a place of love and concern. And I'm concerned with myself. I'm concerned with the people. I because I'm convinced. And a prophet said, "When you're convinced, then you're concerned." And I'm convinced. We're at the end time. I'm convinced that it's just about to transition. And therefore, I'm concerned about all the ones I love and preach to and labor. Lord, I want to see them full of the Holy Spirit. I want to see the dynamics of this church be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Oh, lamb of God. That that headstone be perfectly into the image of the body, fit together, and then the full power will raise her off the earth. Oh God, grant it to us, Lord. We're looking to you now. I commit it. I commit these people into your hands and all who have heard it. And give us direction, won't you, Jesus, for coming lessons in this, we're looking to you to know the perfect direction. A lot to cover, a lot to say, but we want your direction in Jesus name. Amen. You can you start with the verse, brother Tony? Yeah, let's start there. Father of kindness, you have poured out grace. You brought me out of darkness. You have filled me with peace. Giver of mercy. You're my help in time of need. My mind. Lord, I can't help but sing. Faithful you are. Oh, faithful you are, Lord. Faithful forever you will. Faithful. Faithful you are. All your promises. All your promises. Oh yes. Yes and amen. [Music] All your promises. Yes and amen. Oh, isn't that true? Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pulled me from the ashes. You broken every curse. Blessed. You have set this captive free set. Lord, I can hear mercy. Come on. You are my faithful forever. You will faithful you are. [Applause] All your promises are yes and amen. Faithful, faithful. Hallelujah. You are. Oh, sing it, friend. Faithful forever you will be. That's a long time. Faithful you are. Hallelujah. All your promises are yes and amen. [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pulled me from the ashes. You have broken every curse. Blessed redeemed him today this captive free. Oh Lord I can't help it. You are faithful. Oh, forever. You will be faithful. You are my all your promises. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. All of them. Faithful. [Music] Thank you, Lord. You are hallelujah. Faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are. All your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. From the top. From the top. [Music] From the top. Father of kindness, you poured out grace. I want you to listen to these words. Brought me out of darkness. You have filled me. Brought you out of darkness. Filled you with peace. Giver of mercy, you're my help. Help is cuz you want anything more. Lord, I can't help but see. Faithful, faithful, you are mine. Faithful forever. You will faithful. Faithful you are. [Music] All your promises. Oh yes. Amen. All your promises. All your promise. I'm so glad that's true. Oh yes. Amen. [Music] Lord, we love you. What could we say more, Father? Time would fail to tell of how many times you've delivered us, how many times you've come on the scene and helped us. Times of trouble, times of darkness in a world falling to pieces, families breaking apart, marriages crumbling, young people, Lord, losing their mind. and and and psychologists are are are lifting a warning that Lord, just just as brother JD was talking about it today in the Sunday school class, all of the things that the devil has managed to to tear down the very foundations, Lord, that even even what was proven to be true and a good just system was abandoned and thrown aside. And now the world, Lord, figures out that they know it better than you. They know how to do it better than you. They got a better plan than your word. Not so, Lord. Your word is the ultimate plan. Your word is everything that we want. Father, so I pray today you go with us now. Lord, as we dismiss the audience, we're not dismissing them from your presence. Nate, Lord, may you go with us everywhere. Everywhere today, tomorrow, Lord, I'll I'll I'll go to sleep thanking you. I'll wake up thanking you. I'll I'll sit in my five my 5 a.m. chair and I'll lift hands and I'll thank you, Lord God, for today for this service, for another chance to live another day in service to you. Bless our sick. Help them, Lord. We hold up Sister Deborah for her recovery. We hold up Brother Joe for his recovery. We condemn the work of the enemy, Lord. We ask that you restore them back to perfect health. May it be so, Lord. We pray for Brother Brad and sister Sarah Broad. Oh God, let the word go forth in power. May they walk in safety every hour. Lord, grant these great needs to us. We have many. Oh, we give it to you now in Jesus name. Turn around and shake hands with somebody, friends. We're going to have brother Tony sing us out. Say, "God bless you." Give him a hearty good greeting. God bless you. Amen. You can be dismissed. God bless you. Amen. We'll see you in fellowship. God bless you. [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pull me from the ashes. You have broken every curse. Blessed redeemer, you have set this captive free. Lord I can hear but sing. Faithful you are faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are [Applause] all your promises are yes and may be faithful. Faithful you are faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are [Applause] [Music] all your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. I will rest in your promises. My confidence [Applause] is your faithfulness. [Music] I will rest in your promises. [Music]
