################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 250406- Jason DeMarsQuickened Into the Seventh Seal - Jason DeMars.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   250406- Jason DeMars:Quickened Into the Seventh Seal
Speaker: Jason DeMars
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Kw_s_E9q34
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship and it's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. And it's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. All about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made when it's all about you. All about you. I'm sorry, Lord, for the pain. All about you. All about you, Jesus. [Music] When the music fades and all is drift away and I simply come, longing just to bring something out the world that will bless your heart. Sing it out. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within. Though the way things open, you're looking into my heart. Say, [Music] say it's all about you, Jesus. All about you, Jesus. things I've made it [Music] all about you Jesus I'm coming I'm coming back to the heart of worship [Music] all about you sing is all about you all about you I'm sorry Lord Lord, sorry Lord for you made not all about you. All about you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Amen. May, brother Brad, if you come up. Amen. Take the offering. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just love you and appreciate you this morning, Father. Lord, I give you all the praise, give you all the honor and all the glory, Father. Lord, we ask you, Lord, just to meet us here, Lord, as we worship your name and declare that you're the greatest this morning, Father. Lord, I ask you to meet all the needs now, Father. Lord, Lord, those that aren't here, Lord, that are here in spirit. Father, I ask you, Lord, just to Lord, be with them as they're traveling from place to place when they're ministering your word and fellowshipping with family over this weekend and different things. Father, ask you to be with them and guide them. Father, help us and guide us to serve you more. Father, to surrender more to you now, Father. Lord, we love you and we appreciate you, Lord. Lord, we thank you for all you've done, Lord. Lord, things that's not even accomplished yet in our life. We praise you and we thank you, Father. Lord, we ask you now, Father, to have your perfect will in our life, Father, in our famil family's lives, in our directions, Father, in our coming and going. Lord, we love you and we appreciate you. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. And the church says, "King of endless world, [Music] no one could express how much you have deserved. [Music] All I have is yours. Every single breath I'll bring you. I'll bring you more than a song. It's not what you have. You search much deeper. You search much deeper within through the wings of your my heart coming back. I'm coming back [Music] and it's all Let's give the Lord a wave offer this morning. All about sorry Lord [Music] made it all about you [Music] all about you. I'm coming back to you. Heart of worship and it's all about you. all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for things I made. And it's all about you. All about I'm coming back. I'm coming back to heart of worship. It's all about you. [Music] All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thy [Music] you all about. One more time. I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the heart of words. [Music] The star. [Music] One more time. Take all my coming back to you, Lord. [Music] All over. [Music] All about you. All about you. I'm sorry, Lord. [Music] All about you. you Jesus. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we just sing that like a couple more times? Just kind of touch my heart this morning. Amen. Coming back to you, Lord. Coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. Things are All about you, Lord. I'm coming back. Heart of worship. Sorry, Lord. So sorry for me. It's all about you. All about you. I'm sorry, Lord. I'm sorry, Lord, for things I made. It's all about you. All about I'm sorry, Lord. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. It's all about you. All about One more time. I'm sorry, Lord. I'm sorry for the things I made about you. Jesus. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Amen. Give me the key G. Amen. If you're looking to rise in the morning, if you're looking to rise in the morning, if you're looking to rise in the morning, ready in this evening time, say, if you're looking to rise, [Music] if You're looking to rise. [Music] If you're looking to rise in the morning, ready in this evening time. If you're looking for the voice of the resurrection, If you're looking for the voice of the voice, If you're looking for the voice of the resurrection, his voice is in his [Music] looking to rise. [Applause] [Music] If you're looking to rise, [Music] [Applause] if you're looking to rise in the morning, ready in this evening time. Oh, if you want a body change, [Music] if you want a body change, [Music] if you want a body that can change your body, just eat from the body. Word of God. Hey, if you're looking to rise, if you're looking to the right, if you're looking to get ready, say if you're losing the right, say if you're looking to rise, [Music] If you're looking to rise, if you're looking to rise in the morning, get ready. [Music] One more time. If you want a body change. If you want a body change. If you want a body change. If you want a body, God can change your body. Just eat from the body. Word of God. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Won't you turn, man? Just greet your brother and sister this morning. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Can you see? I believe. Friend of God. [Music] Who am I that you are mindful of me? that you hear me when I call. Say, is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me is amazing. It's amazing [Music] thing. I am a friend of God. Let's put our hands together. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. I'm a friend. Say I am a friend of God. Say I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me free. One more time. Say I'm a friend. I am a friend of God. See? Oh, I am a friend of God. He got me free. Who am I? Who am I that you are mindful of me? that you hear me when I call. Is it true? Say, is it true how you love me? It's amazing. It's amazing. [Music] Say I am a friend. Yes, I am saved. I am a friend. Yes, I am saved. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. I'm a friend. I'm a friend of God. Yes, I am. I'm a friend. [Music] Say I am a friend of God. He calls me free. One more time. I'm a friend of God. I am a friend of God. Oh yes. I am a friend of God. Say I am a friend of God. He calls me great. Say God Almighty, Lord of glory, you have me praise. Everybody say, "God almighty, Lord of glory, you have called me great. God Almighty Lord of glory [Music] [Applause] praise one God almighty [Music] the Lord of glory You have called me great. I'm a friend of God. Say I am a friend. Yes, I am. Say I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me free. One more time. I'm a friend of God. Thank I your friend. Yes, I am. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. One more time. God Almighty, [Music] Lord of glory. You have praise God might glory. You have come to God almighty. God all Lord of glory. Lord glory. You have called me great. [Applause] Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Brother Enoch, come on up here and give us a song. Amen. Let's give him a hand. [Music] [Applause] Man of faith runs up and sing of the great and glorious king. You are strong when you feel weak and your brokenness is complete. Shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven. Rise up women of the truth. sing [Music] of our awesome king of [Music] shus [Music] the savior you Oh Lord of shavior, [Music] [Music] Lord of heaven. We've been through fire. We've been through. We've been by Ween [Music] [Music] the north and the south and the west is savior. We are to all Lord of heaven. Lord of heaven. Lord of heaven. [Applause] Yeah. Amen. We also have a request for brother John to give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Amen. [Applause] Glad to have my very good friend, Brother Eric, and his wife Lori, here trying to get some fishing time in. And the Lord really blessed us yesterday. We're very thankful for that. But mostly the fellowship where I stood in The courtroom. The judge turned my way. Looks like you're guilty. And now what do you say? [Music] I've stood with your honor. Well, I have no defense. But that's when mercy walked in. Let's repeat that. We all stood in the courtroom. The judge turned our way. Well, it looks like you're guilty. And now what do you say? I spoke of your honor. Lord, I have no defense. But that's when God's mercy walked in. Oh mercy walked in and he pleaded my case. He called to the stand. It was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and it covered my sin. Oh, that moment when mercy walked in. Take it. I stood there in wonder. How could this be? Someone so guilty had just been set free. My chains were broken. I felt born again. The moment that mercy walked in. Oh, [Music] mercy walked in and he pleaded my case. He called to the stand. It was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and it covered my sin. Oh, that moment when mercy walked in. Y'all sing it with us. Oh mercy walked in and he pleaded my case. He called to the stand. It was God's saving grace. The blood was presented. Oh, and it covered my s. That very moment when mercy walking. Mercy walking. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many is ready for the word this morning? Let's stand and [Music] give seat. [Music] This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. [Music] This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, [Music] Lord, have your way. in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. So thankful to come into his sweet presence this morning. It's it's by his grace alone that we can come. Amen. Brother Jason is away ministering at special meetings in Phoenix and brother Matt is up ministering in Virginia. So let's remember them in prayer. Brother Luther, you probably noticed he wasn't there greeting with greeting you when you came in. Please remember him in prayer. He's battling a cough. Uh brother Caleb Buckman uh threw his back out again yesterday. He's asking for prayer for a speedy recovery. And I'm asking you all to keep me in prayer. I got a missions trip coming up um April 21st to May 5th to Egypt. So remember myself and my family in prayer. Let's pray. Father, we're so thankful, Lord, that we can come to your presence. Lord, as we gather in the name of Jesus Christ, we know that you're there with us, Lord, because you've you've come down to live in and and dwell amongst your bride, Lord. You revealed yourself in such a incredible way in this hour, Lord. And we're thankful for that. And we're looking to you, Lord. pray that you'd be with brother Jason and brother Matt as they minister Lord that you'd anoint them and work through them. Lord we pray that you'd grant a healing touch to brother Luther and brother Caleb. Lord may they have both have a speedy recovery Lord and may strength return brother to brother Caleb's back. Lord we want to we want to look to you Lord. We don't want to look to man. We can come here and and think whether this whether this preacher can do a good job or not, Lord. But we want to come and have our faith connect to you, Lord, not to man. We want your spirit to come and speak to us and deal with us, encourage us, and challenge us and strengthen us. Lord, we want to grow in you. We want this to be feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man in this hour. Lord, we commit ourselves to you to that end. Lord, anoint us and fill us with your spirit in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you all. Going to speak this morning on being quickened into the seventh seal. And I'm just going to have you go ahead and sit down. the Lord has brought to us in this day uh incredible revelation of the mysteries of the Bible. I think sometimes we take that for granted not realizing what incredible grace and revelation the Lord has brought to us in this hour. You know, some sometimes you don't really understand the value. If you grew up in the message and you don't you you you this is what you're feasting on from the time you're a child. you miss the value of it sometimes. And uh don't don't fail to understand that. Don't fail to grasp it. I guess we could say no matter what, whether you grew up or didn't, it takes a spiritual revelation to really catch the reality of what God is doing in this hour. So understanding then that in the under the seventh seal, thank you. under the seventh seal that is to finish the mystery of God. And brother Brandham preached the sermon Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He said it was a three-fold mystery, three parts to it. God fully revealed in Christ, right? God f fully in in fullness in the bride to gain preeminence in this hour. That just happened. Brother Brandham said that's 1963. He says the seventh seal, that's the coming of the Lord. And so we've we've seen that and we've witnessed that. So there's a transition that's taken place. The last part is to restore us back to Eden to oneness of the man and his wife, Christ and the bride, the second Adam and the second Eve, the one that won't fail. So knowing who we are, what sunship means is absolutely critical to making the rapture. If we don't if if God isn't revealed to us, then who we are isn't revealed to us. Then there's really no way for us to be made ready and prepared for the rapture. And and these things are critical. It has to be a spiritual revelation. You know, brother Brandham says we can never pray too much for revelation. We should always be praying for spiritual revelation because that is the means and that is the channel that God is working in us to grow us. There's many things that accompany that, but that is the main channel. There's no life outside of that. You can mimic life. You can you you know over the years you can do your best to try to follow all the rules of the message but that's not the life. Following following a list and set of rules any religion does that. The message produces the same as well but that's not the real thing. The real thing is the life. That's what God has been trying to express and manifest from the beginning. And so understanding when we catch the revelation of Melkisedc in it that is where the revelation of who we are comes forth. And so another part of that understanding is just as the Jews under the under the first age under the day of Pentecost had to make a transition from the law to Christ. So, do we in the in the last days, we have to make a transition from a closed book to an open book. We have to make a transition from waiting for the coming of the Lord to experience the revelation of the coming of the Lord. That's what the seventh seal is all about. It's not just about it's not facts or information. The first six seals we could say it's information, right? He's revealing us to us different different pictures, different parts, different portions. But when it comes to the seventh seal is left off, right? Why? Why is that? Because the seventh seal is a person. It's not information. It's a revelation of a person to you. And when that revelation of that person is made known to you, now you understand who you are. in him. So the lamb took the book in 1963, broke the seals, put us and he put us into a new process. He put us into something we're calling rapturing faith, right? And I I don't want to preach a whole another message on it because it is a whole another message. But if you if you look at rapturing faith, brother Brandham's constantly saying the church is starting to catch the message, right? They're starting to catch the message. The only thing wrong with those who are catching the message is that they need need to lay in the presence of the sun to ripen and let that word bake down deep. That maturing process is what he's talking about. And so that is the process that we've entered into now. Christ was mediating. He was there. He was interceding for the ignorance of the people under denominational ages. But when the full mysteries are revealed, Christ comes down with an open book. He cries with a loud voice, seven thunders under their voices. And what is it? In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. So, who is the one that brings to us the revelation of the open book? Seven thunders. How does how does it come to you and I? The prophet. That's how God deals every age. He always sends a man to speak to us through. And so the seventh angel brings the mystery. What mystery? The book. It was hidden to d even to Daniel. Daniel said, "I heard, but I understood not." He says, "What shall the end of these things be?" He says, "Go your way, Daniel. It's sealed up and closed until the time of the end. What's sealed up and closed? The understanding, the revelation of the word was sealed up and closed. So what needed to be opened? A revelation of the word needed to be opened to us. That's what happened in 1963. And so as we look at this, we understand there is a transition. And I want I want you to see this. Just as the Jews they had had to transition, so do we have to transition. If we don't tr transition from the from what the interceding for the ignorance, are you still under walking under the ignorance? Do you have a revelation of the word yet? Do you know who he is? Do you know who you are? If you have the revelation, you've made the transition. But that transition took place in 1963 when the lamb took the book and broke the seals. Now he's in the final works of redemption. He's the book of redemption is open. It's not closed anymore. It's open to us. We've entered into a new phase of redemption. 1 Peter 15 says there's salvation ready to be revealed or unveiled in the last time. So I thought I thought it was all at Calvary. The price was paid at Calvary. Absolutely. The price was paid as Cal Calvary. But redemption means taking possession. And in order to take possession, Christ had to take the book because the book is the title deed to redemption. Everything that God's will is on that book. His last will in testament for the for his gentile bride is in that book. Our inheritance is in that book. So when that book was loosed and and and and open to us, the revelation of it, but also the reality of it comes comes to us because God's purpose wasn't merely that the open book would come down and we would know about an open book because where is what's the what's the final destination of the open book? John was to take the book and eat the book, right? John being a type of the bride. So what are we to do? We're just to We're just to listen to tapes. We should listen to tapes more and more. But we have that's part of eating the book. But it's not just out there. The message, the open word has to come in here. So the revelation is in here. We eat the book. We become the word. Then it says you must prophesy again. You can never prophesy again until you first eat the book. So, you've got to catch the revelation of the word into into your soul. Have you taken the book? That's the question I would ask you because that's that's where God is dealing. That's the salvation that's revealed in the last time. It's an unveiling. In other words, it was hidden. We knew that there was a salvation coming. We knew that the lamb was going to take the book. But what does that mean? Well, now we know what it means. I hope you do. If you haven't listened to the message, take the book. The book, John had to take the book from the hand of the angel. He had to eat the book and then he was given the command to prophesy. And again, so you see there is a great transition that takes place. People want to say, well, I just I just believe in Jesus. Who is Jesus? Who is Jesus? first of all. Second of all, what does Jesus instruct us to do? Because we can go back all through church history and see there's there's transition periods. Brother Brandham in the rapture me message says we're changing dispensations. We're turning a corner, right? He said the true bride is waiting for the revelation of the rapture. He says the rapture which is coming to pass. So, we've entered into when as soon as the book is open, we're entering into the final phase of redemption. So, the question is, have you made the transition? Haven't got to my text yet. Galatians 3. Let's read. Let's stand together and we'll read. Praise the Lord. Wherefore the law was our school master to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith. But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a school master. For you are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There's neither bond nor free. There's neither male nor female. For you are all one in Christ Jesus. And if you be Christs, then are you Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. God bless. You can be seated. So the the the the big picture looking at the book of Galatians is Paul is dealing with people who they've had an experience with God, but then false teachers are coming along and trying to tell them you have to in order to receive the Holy Ghost, you actually have to get circumcised and you have to obey the law of Moses. You have to convert first to Judaism. then you can receive the Holy Spirit. Right? And so Paul when he's going in and speaking about different examples, he uses one of them as adoption. And of course we we understand when we're looking at adoption, it's not our English word of adoption where you take someone who's not your child and then make them your child. That's not the context. In in Galatians 4:11, it says the heir as long as he's a child. So it's talking about inheritance. It's talking about receiving an inheritance. It's talking about a ch your child. That's the pos that's the position. The word adopt that's translated adoption into the into the Bible is the word huothesia. This is the Greek word. This is two parts to the word. Huos is simply means sons, right? And thesia means placing. So it's speaking of the placing of sons. And it's talking about an inheritance. So when we're looking at this picture, you have to see that this is talking about a land, a landowning family. He's training his son. He's put him under a school master. He's put him under tutors. He's making him ready in order to enter into his position as an adult, fully mature adult son. That's what it's talking about. And so Paul is telling telling the Galatians all through this, who has bewitched you? He's asking them the the question in a multiple different places. How did you receive the spirit? We'll we'll read that in a moment. Just trying to just lay the lay the background a little bit. So there's a transition that they needed to make that God was going to make dispensationally. Let's look think of it that way. Through the whole plan of salvation and God's plan through history, he he had a transition from what? From the law unto Christ, right? So they they were children. They were in that position. But the law was simply the tutor, the pedagogue, the teacher, the one who was instructing them. This is how I want this is how I your father is going to want the property run. This is how this is how you need to behave yourself. This is the kind of character that you need to have. This is the kind of language and and history and all those things that go along with it. And so that's God was bringing them using the law giving them the culture of God's nature and God's purpose. But it was just a tutor. It wasn't the end in itself. The Jews have still to this day treated the law as an end in in itself. But Paul is trying to show them it's only a school master to bring you to Christ. It's your your your adoption is because where it says in uh you are all children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. That word children, let me pull it up. That word children that you see there is that same word that's part of adoption where I said huyssia. This is for you are all wos of God by faith in Christ Jesus. You're sons of God. So you enter into your position of sunship. How? By the works of the law. No, by faith in Christ Jesus. So this is the this is God's transition process. You you want you want to enter into full adoption, receive Christ by faith. That's what Paul is trying to say, right? And that that's that's the point that I was looking at is there's a transition. There's also a transition in this hour. The lamb took the book. Amen. You believe he took the book? Believe he opened all seven seals. You You believe he's come down with that open book? Have you taken it? Are you eat are you eating it? Okay. So there's a transition that takes place from this direction to this direction. And you read you read through brother Brandham's sermons on adoption. The the church is always trying to go after what God was doing in the past. I'm going to do it this way. We're going to do we're going to we're you speak in tongues and you got the Holy Ghost. No character. Brother Brandham said there's no character. There's no character of Christ. You continue on in ungodliness. There's a completion to this whole whole picture. A full restoration. Pentecostal movement. Isuza Street was not the full restoration. The the Isuza Street was not the Eagle Age. What the Eagle Age did not come until 1963. It was still the man age. They were still under the age of the reformers. There's a transition that takes place when those seals are open. Salvation has been unveiled to us. It's not a mystery anymore. There's two parts of redemption. He paid the price at Calvary. But he has to claim his property. He can only claim come and claim that property if he takes the book. So it's been revealed to us. Let's go on to my quote I want to read from. It is the rising of the sun. And in that day, they didn't know what it was. He's talking about the the picture of the cloud, the one that I had up at the beginning. That day, they didn't know what it was. And we knew, just look, just look this away. And it's our Lord up there. See, he's the one that opened those seals. He is those seals. For the whole word of God is Christ, and Christ is the seals that was opened. What is the opening of the seals then? Revealing Christ. And the very seven angels which represented the seven churches all completed and we couldn't even see it. They did. They took the picture, not us. And there he is standing there, supreme judge, showing that he's alpha and omega, the beginning at the end. What identification? Quickening power did that to us. Quickening power lets us see his coming. Did you hear that sentence? Quickening power lets us see his coming. Amen. It's our Lord up there, the supreme judge, the white-wiged one that lets quickening power opens our eyes to see the revelation of who is being revealed. It's not William Brandon being revealed. It's Christ. And quickening power is what opens our eyes to see the reality of the revelation of the seventh seal, the coming of the Lord. Quickening power snatched us from death to life. You see what a transition has taken place. Amen. I believe in Jesus. How many believes in Jesus? Amen. That was Jesus. 1963 that came down the white-wiged one, supreme authority, supreme deity, supreme judge. Hallelujah. All right, that's the end of my PowerPoint. Galatians 3. Brother Mark, you're going to have fun. May God pray for brother Mark. Galatians 3:10. I'm just going to go. For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse. For it is written, "Cursed is everyone that continuth not in all the things which are written in the book of the law to do them. But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God. It is evident, for the just shall live by faith, and the law is not of faith. But the man that doeth them shall live in them. Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, "Cursed is everyone that hangs on a tree, that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith." Amen. So, this is what he's trying to get to the Galatians. You receive the promise of the spirit through what? Works of the law. through faith. You heard the word preached, you believed it, and you received the Holy Spirit. That's how the blessing of Abraham comes on to the Gentiles. And Paul writing there, he's trying to emphasize to us, even under the law, they weren't saved by perfect obedience to the law because no one can do that. From the very beginning, God had a covenant. What was what what was that covenant that God had from the beginning? He gave it to Abraham, right? But remember, even Abel was saved by it. What was he saved by? Abel by faith offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice. So, it's faith. From the very beginning, God was saving man by faith. That is his covenant. Now he's he but he's progressively revealing himself more and more. He comes to Abraham and says, "This is how it shall be for you, Abraham. What what if Abraham does this? We saw Abraham do it all. He made all the mistakes. He did all the dumb things. He tried to bring he tried to bring the word to pass on his own. He tried to run away. Run, run here and run there. We saw all the mistakes. What was God at the end say? Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief. Dear God, what are you looking at? He wasn't looking at Abraham's behavior. No one could read through Genesis and say, "Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief." We writing it from the human perspective say Abraham staggered a lot at the promise of God through unbelief. And we write we'll write the same story about our own self. I I don't think any of us are so proud of ourselves. I never stagger. I believed believed at every minute and every moment. Go look in the mirror again. But that's not what God is looking at. It never was what God was looking at. It wasn't He wasn't ever looking at our own works from the beginning to the end. Remember the blood of bulls and goats can never take away sins, right? So why did God give him that sacrifice? It was a type. It covered their sins temporarily but it put the put them forward till the sacrifi the actual real sacrifice could come which was God coming in for in the form of a man and going and becoming the sacrifice himself for us. And so when we think of the blood the blood covered Abraham the blood covered Adam the blood covered Abel the blood of Jesus Christ. See, all through the ages, it was the same. Cain offered a sacrifice, right? Cain Cain didn't have the revelation of what happened in the garden. And so, he didn't offer the blood, right? He just offered the fruit. Abel had a revelation of the word for that age. Right? None of us are going to go and offer a lamb for the forgiveness of our sins. That's not the word for our age, right? And so each age there's a word allotted to that time period. And so when you when you believe it, what is it? You were you were covered by the blood in every age, whether it's before Calvary or after Calvary, receiving the word that's revealed in your hour washes you in the blood because the just shall live by faith. The and the law is not of faith. Even while they were under the law, again, what was the what was the purpose of the law? So that they could be saved. That was never the intention of the law. It was simply a school master by types and shadows to lead them forward to Christ. And of course, the the the the Ten Commandments and so forth expresses the nature of God. It reveals who God is within it, but it also reveals our weakness and inability to do what God wants us to do. And so we we receive the promise by faith just like Abraham. Acts 10:44, while Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. So Peter is preaching. They're listening. What happens? They hear it with faith. The Holy Ghost falls on them. All right. Galatians 3 2-5. This only would I learn of you. received ye the spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. Are you so foolish, having begun in the spirit? Are you not now made perfect by the flesh? Have you suffered so many things in vain? If it yet, if it be yet in vain? He therefore that ministerth to you the spirit and workketh miracles among you doeth he it by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. So how do you receive the spirit? By working yourself into it by emotion? No. By speaking in tongues? No. by hearing with faith. In the church age book, Brother Brandham says, "Without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you can never have your eyes open to a true spiritual revelation of the word. A man without the spirit is blind to God and his truth." Amen. And so, it isn't it isn't by working yourself into it. It isn't by the emotion. It isn't even by coming to the altar. It isn't by praying a certain prayer, right? That's not that's not how you receive the Holy Spirit. You receive it by the hearing of faith. 1 Corinthians 2:14, "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know him know them, because they are spiritually discerned." So the natural man when he hears the spirit of God speaking, he rejects it. He doesn't want it. We're all born with that nature. Born in sin, shaped in iniquity. So after our human nature, we would never receive the things of the spirit of God. We would say, "That's foolish. I hate that. I don't want to hear that." Romans 10:17. You know it. You don't have to go there, Brother Mark. So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. So faith comes when we when we hear the word. It has to be it's a spiritual revelation. You know faith is a revelation that God gives to you. It it goes beyond that. It creates trust. You you trust God. This is connected to faith. But you'll never get faith until God has revealed it to you. 1 Corinthians 12 3. Let you pull that up. Give you a second, brother Mark. Wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. All right. So what what does the Apostle Paul mean when he says you can't say Lord Jesus is Lord but by the Holy Ghost because we have Matthew 7 verse 21 that says not everyone that saith unto me Lord Lord shall enter into the kingdom of heaven but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day Lord Lord have we not prophesied in thy name and in thy name have cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works? and then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. So when Jesus is looking at this, there's people that are doing works, miraculous works, but they're not doing the will of the father. They're not taking the word and making it live. Right? So here you have someone, they're saying Jesus is Lord. Many people say it worldwide. Muslims believe that Jesus is the Messiah, right? They they they believe he's Messiah, that he believed that he's coming again to rule over the world, but that's not salvation. Even having an anointing, they're doing miracles. I mean, we we read over this, we don't think about it. They're doing miracles. They're doing they're releasing people from demons, right? They're they're prophesying. They're doing all these things. And you say, "Man, these are really good people. They're wow, they're so anointed. They have miracles in in in their life." And Jesus says, "Get away from me, you workers of iniquity." Why? Why? Why would he do that? They were doing good things. They obviously reverenced in their minds the name of Jesus because they were using it to cast out devils. They refused the will of the father. Right? So here you have someone saying Jesus is Lord. Think about it though. Romans 10 8 through 8 through10. We just read the the start of that. Faith comes by hearing, hearing by the word of God. says, "But what saith it, the word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth and in thy heart, that is the word of faith which we preach, that if thou shalt confess uh with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shall believe in thine heart, that God has raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth under righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." Keep going, Brother Mark. Verse 11. For the scripture saith, whosoever shall believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek, for the for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. My anybody that calls on the name of the Lord will be saved. Then why does he say not everyone that calls on me Lord Lord shall enter in? We have a conundrum here. Well, let's keep reading. How shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him who they um who of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? So what if they're not sent? What if the preacher isn't sent of God? What if the preacher is one of those guys that says, "Lord, Lord," does the miracles, but isn't doing the will of the father? See, again, we look at the book of Romans. We look at all of these and we understand this is the inspired word of God. This is the basis of our faith. And yet, we understand they didn't have 40,000 denominations when Paul was writing this. They didn't have seven church ages. In fact, the church ages hadn't even begun yet when Paul was writing this. So, you know, again, we'll go we'll go forward with this. You have two men in the uh 1500s. They're both preachers. In fact, they're both Catholic. They're both monks and they're both priests and theologians. One of them comes and says, "The just shall live by faith. Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you'll be saved. The Bible is our final authority, not the Pope." H sounds good. Another guy comes and preach and says, "Soon as a coin in the coffer rings, a soul from purgatory springs. Pay this money and you can have your sins forgiven and your family's sins forgiven." All right. They're both preachers. They both claim Jesus is Lord. But if you hear this message and hear the this message and you go with the money one, what's the what what's what do we got going on? We have a problem. And you you come you you forward this to any age. You come to this age, the same thing. What's the difference? God never sent Yan Tetsel. Johan Tetsel sent himself, right? But God sent Martin Luther, right? We we come into this age. You have you have many preachers. You have many uh theologians. Even now as we look, the church is getting more and more dead and more and more liberal around the world and they're all preaching the name of Jesus. But did God send them? Are they anoint are they anointed? Are they are they truly anointed with the Holy Ghost that's bringing forth the word? Because even then anointed. We have the anointed ones at the end time. What did the prophet reveal us to us? They're not even It's not even that they're anointed by the devil, per se. It's that they're misusing the anointing of the Holy Ghost for their own purposes. They're using the principle of faith to operate the Holy Ghost, but they have no they don't have the word. They don't have the revelation of the truth. They can't see that the seven seals are open. They put that off. Oh, that's in the tribulation period. That's for the Jews. They can't see what God is doing today. So, that's the necessity. There has to be a man that was sent from God to speak the word of God, speak the revelation of the truth. Now, you know the will of the father. What's the will of the father? It's that open book. You can cry out, "Lord, Lord," and you you you're missing the key to enter in, which is that open book. John three, we're all familiar. Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Run that through the table. I hope I hope you all use the table and search the message. Amen. What a treasure we have. You can't even, Brother Brandham says, you can't understand the kingdom of God unless you're born again. So the eyes of your understanding can only be opened up by the new birth. Again, it goes goes forward to verse five. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto you, you must be born again. The wind bloweth, where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but can't not tell whence it cometh, and wheither it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit. It's not by our own will. It's not by our own choosing that we're born again. The spirit goes exactly where he wills to go. That's the one who's been been born again. Says been born not of the flesh, neither by the will of man, but of God. It's not by our own will. It's not by our own purpose. It's him quickening us to life in that word. In Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Brother Brandham says, "What is the new birth then?" You'd say, "Well, brother Brandham, what is the new birth?" It's the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Amen. See, not you joined a church, you shook a hand, you done something different, you said a creed, you promised to live by a code of rules, but Christ, the Bible, he is the word that is revealed to you. And no matter what anybody says, what takes place, it's Christ, pastor, priest, whatever it might be, it's Christ in you. That is the revelation that the church was built upon. Amen. Amen. In Peter's day, in Matthew 16, the revelation was, "Who is this man?" Whom do men say, "I, the son of man?" They have all kinds of answers. Who do you say that I am? You're the Christ, the son of the living God. What happens when that man goes off the scene? What What happens when he ascends to heaven? Right? What What's going on on earth? who becomes his spokesman? Who's he speaking through? Oh, I don't like Peter. In fact, I don't even like any of those people up in the upper room. I believe in Jesus and I don't need any of them. Okay, there's many like that in today. I believe in Jesus and I love Jesus. Who is Jesus? Where is he? How is he revealed? The fact is people don't have any understanding of even what the gospel is. They don't understand even their own sinfulness. When you miss all of these things, how can you It's God has to come to us and reveal himself to us. That's how it works. It was in book of Revelation chapter 10. It wasn't us going up to heaven. It was him coming down to us to reveal us to him. We weren't even looking for a seventh angel messenger. We didn't even know that there were seven church ages. We didn't know and certainly didn't know there were seven messengers. And none of those messengers even knew that they were messengers. It took God revealing it to a prophet who was vindicated. We weren't looking for him. God went looking for us. 1 John 5:1 says, "Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God, and everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him." Amen. What is it? It's the revelation. When the word is revealed to you, not from another age, not from a long ago, we comfort ourselves because we I I believe just like the Baptists, and the Baptists are the best one. And I believe like the Pentecostals. That's fantastic. But do you know him? Do you know the one that's revealing himself present tense? Because God was moving in a revival amongst the Pentecostals. What is he doing now? Gathering money. Apparently, that's all that they want to do. You know, you you got the uh President Trump's spiritual adviser is some wicked prostitute woman, absolutely evil, and she's on there. If you pay $1,000 into our our ministry, God is going to give you the desire of your heart. We're looking for 500 people to pay $1,000. This is their this is the extent of the Pentecostals. Brother Brandham said they they if if we'd last another 50 years, they'd be worse off than the Catholics. We've reached it. They are worse off than the Catholics. They're more wicked, more evil. Where are we taking the people to? What shall we do with this Jesus which is called Christ? Not what what should we have done with the Jesus that was called Christ back there? What should we do with this Jesus who is now called Christ who's here who's revealing himself who's come down? His presence is here. The revealing of the son of man. They look for it. You say, "I don't think that's what it is." You don't have a think into it. It's how God has revealed himself in this hour. That's not my interpretation. It's not my interpretation either. I had a really different one before I met a prophet. It's how God interprets himself to us. Amen. And it's receiving the Holy Spirit that is what actually quickens us to life. Opens our eyes to this reality. These things are always connected together. Receive the word for you. How do you how do I know I have the Holy Ghost? I've received the word for the age. Amen. And what results is that producing? Again, people say, uh, the the initial evidence there's, search the Bible and try to find an initial evidence of the Holy Ghost. There's no such thing. And brother Brandham is trying to point us to it's receiving the word. But it's not just it's not just believing. It's having the experience. A person can say that they believe without having the true experience. Thank you. Person can confess that they believe without truly being regenerated. You know, we we each have to be converted. We It's not an easy belieism. Just make your confession, shake the hand of the preacher. No, it's a spiritual revelation into your heart that brings something, right? Every time you read Christ is the mystery of God revealed and he talks about the new birth and talks about what God is doing. He says, "Here's the new birth. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ." But then what does he say next? And it produces a life inside of you. Amen. And who do you say this is? Brother Brandham says, "There is there any here that hasn't received the baptism of the spirit yet?" Now you say, "Brother Brandham, I tell you, I shouted one time." That's very good. I spoke in tongues once. That's very good, too. But still, that ain't what I'm talking about. How can you shout and speak in tongues and deny the word? The evidence of the Holy Ghost is believing his word. Always been every age. If you can receive the word and every Christian says, "Amen. I believe the Bible from from front to from from cover to cover." Fantastic. But what is the revelation of that? What is he doing today? What word has been allotted for this hour? It's good to say that you believe every word. I know that the Pharisees also believed every word. All the Jewish people of that time that crucified Christ says they believe every word. They still say they believe every word. They read Isaiah 53 and they say that's the nation of Israel. Well, the revelation came forth in in the New Testament. The New Testament is the opening of the Old Testament. It was hidden to them. It actually was even hidden to the uh fully wasn't even fully revealed to the disciples until the Apostle Paul came. Once the Apostle Paul came, the full revelation of the Old Testament was made known. They didn't like what the Apostle Paul had to say. Even those that professed to be followers of of Jesus Christ. Many of them that were Jewish followers of Christ, they what did they do? They followed around Paul and tried to say, "You got to become a Jew first. Got to get circumcised. You got to follow the law. It's about receiving the word in your age. Amen. John 14:26. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I have said to you. So here is the teacher. The Holy Ghost is going to come into you. This hearkens back to the new covenant promise in Jeremiah. What is the new covenant promise? If you don't if if your if your mind is going blank and wondering what it is, read Jeremiah 31 and then read Hebrews chapter 10. What is it? He's taking the word and he's writing it in our hearts, in our minds. And it's not that every man will teach his neighbor, but they will all know me from the least to the greatest. And so it's the Holy Ghost coming into you and revealing to you who God is. John 16:13, "When how be it when he, the Spirit of truth, has come, he will guide you into all truth, for she shall not speak of himself, but whosoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come." So when you have the Holy Ghost, that's the teacher. That's the one that's going to guide you into all truth. Right? I have a strange story to tell you. Everybody listens to this my testimony and thinks, "What in the world is he talking about?" When when I was going to college, uh I I chose the Lord made me choose a Baptist college, which caused me to meet a group of friends who who led me to the Lord. And I had I had supernatural experience. They they were they were Presbyterians and Calvinists, but God was dealing with me and my whole nature was changed. And uh everyone that came across me, they they knew me before I was changed and they instantaneously within about two sentences of me speaking would say, "Whoa, you're different. What happened?" Because I couldn't speak without swearing. I cursed about every other sentence if I wasn't around my parents or a teacher. And the people that especially the people that stayed in my in my dorm, they knew what kind of rap music I listened to and what kind of things I was into because I'd never shut up about it. And then the Lord just completely changed my nature. And you know, I've had people say, "You didn't receive the Holy Ghost." Then I I did receive the Holy Ghost then cuz I was totally changed cuz guess where the Holy Ghost led me to a friend of a friend. Hey, let's go straighten this guy out on his doctrine. He's got some false doctrines about Godhead and this William Brandham guy said, "Sounds good. Let's straighten him out." So he went to talk to him and he started telling a sto he he was a artist and he started illustrating the seed is not air with the shuck and explaining this is God's purpose of the of the reformation and I was hooked. He gave me a tape that was the end. Why? Because the he the spirit of truth has come. He will guide you into all truth. Amen. This is a life process. This isn't an instantaneous event. Yes. The instantane in instantaneous event changed me. But did I know the whole truth? No. Do I know the whole truth now? No. But God is guiding me into that and he's dealing with me and he's correcting me. And I could see the revelation of himself in this day. And because of that, there's more for me and there's more for you. In shalom, brother Brandham says, "How would you know what's right? The manifestation of the spoken word of God being made manifest light of the hour. Certainly there is what the evidence of the Holy Spirit is. Believing the word of God when it's manifested. He was the word manifested. And some of them denied it, laughed at it, made fun of him and called him a fortune teller. Some evil spirit. There is evidence speaking in tongues. There's evidence of the fruits. The only evidence there is is when man believe the written word when it's vindicated. Walk in the light of it. Jesus was the light of the hour because he was the promised word of the hour and tried to tell them so but they were too much in darkness to understand it. So is it today now? Amen. The word must be preached in its fullness. Amen. That is where the revelation comes from. That's where transformation comes from. That's where new life comes from. That's where laying in the presence of the sun to mature and ripen comes from. It isn't in going backwards. It isn't trying to search things that aren't what are revealed by the message. It's see seeing what God is speaking in this hour. You say, "But what about this situation? And what about these churches? And what about history? And what about this? What about what brother Brandham said? What about the scripture teaches?" We don't go by our experience. We don't go about by this church, by that church, why the other one's doing. This is what the word says. How do I know if I have the Holy Spirit? I've received the word of the hour. But what? Shut up. But I knew a person that Be quiet. But I know somebody that fell away. I do too. That doesn't change the word. Broken sisters. turns. Brother Brandham says, "But one day the Lord in a vision straightened me out, and he said that the evidence of the spirit was those who could receive the word, neither love nor speaking in tongues, but it's receiving the word." Amen. John 6:44 says, "No man can come to me except the Father which has sent me, draw him, and I will raise him up at the last day." Amen. So you can't make the choice yourself for Christ. I hear that emphasized so often and it misses the reality of salvation. You didn't choose him and he didn't choose you because you chose him. That's not what the scripture says. He said, he says, "You didn't choose me. I have chosen you." And he tells us what? No man can come to me. Let's just let that marinate for a second. I I I'm glad to quickly skip past that, but let's not skip past it too fast. No man can come to me. So, you in your own will, you in your own power, you by your own desire wouldn't come to him. Read read Romans 3. Actually, let's read Romans 3 verse 9. We'll come back to John 6. Romans 3:9. What then? Are we better than they? No, and no wise. For before both proved, both Jews and Gentiles that they are all under sin. At as it is written, there's none righteous, know not one. There is none that understandeth. There's none that seeks after God. They're all gone out of the way. They are together become unprofitable. There's none that doeth good. No, not one. Amen. I'll stop there. There's none that seeks after God. There's none that understands. So, it's not you seeking after God. It's God coming to you. It's God coming for you. This is so basic to the revelation of the open word. If you're if you're missing it, go listen to who's this Melkisedc and listen to it over and over and over and over again because that is where the secret of our lives is revealed. It isn't your choice. It isn't your choosing. It's not God saying, "Well, because he chose me, I'll choose him." No, he says you I' you haven't chosen me, I have chosen you, and no man can come to me. But there is an exception. Those who the father has drawn first. So it's the father drawing them. Amen. It's not you making the revelation known to yourself, right? For by grace are you saved through faith that not of yourselves. It's the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. It's not you personally putting faith in Jesus. It's him giving you the very gift of faith which we understand is a revelation. So you get faith when the revelation comes to your heart. You can't give it to yourself. It's him doing it cuz you don't seek him. You your your choices are for sin. Your choices are against God. That's that's the desire. That's the condition of your heart. John 6:63 says, "It's the spirit that quickens. The flesh profits nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. So it's the spirit that gives life. The flesh gives no help at all. Or in other words, human effort accomplishes nothing. So it's not human effort. It's not human will. It's not human choice. As the scripture says, it's not of him that willth or of him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. And so that his purpose of what? free will should stand. His purpose of election might stand. He said, "Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." So, it's God's sovereign choosing. You didn't choose to quicken yourself. He must quicken it. People say, "I'm you're swimming in the ocean and uh we're throwing a life preserver to you." That's not a good picture of salvation. The best picture of salvation I've heard is you're the you're you're actually you already drowned and you're dead laying at the bottom of the ocean. That's the condition you're in. And Christ dives in the water to the bottom of the sea, brings you up and breathes new life into you. That's what salvation is. It's not a life ser preserver. It's resurrecting a a person that's dead in sin and iniquities. And who is this? Melazedc brother Brandham says you remember we were how we read the scriptures. Not him that willth or him that runth but God. And that his predestination might stand true. He could choose before any time. God is sovereign in his choosing. Did you know that God is sovereign? Who is back there to tell him a better way to make the world? Who would dare to tell him he was running his business wrong? Even the very word itself is very sovereign. Even the revelation is sovereign. He reveals to whom he will reveal. The very revelation itself is sovereign in God. And that's how people pound at things and jump at things and hit at things not knowing what they're doing. God is sovereign in his works. So God's choosing is not based on anything we've done. It's not our choice. It's his sovereign purpose before the foundation of the world. Amen. He counseledled with his own self. He chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. He placed our names on the book of life when before the foundation of the world. And then by his sovereign grace and plan, he calls us, right? He calls us. He draws us unto Christ. He He quickens us to life. The fact is he's already justified us on the cross. It's already finished. Our sins have already before we ever ever lived to commit them. He already nailed them to the cross and was killed for them. For us, we receive that finished work. How? By working ourselves into it. No, by revelation which is given to us as a gift of God. God placed his love upon each of us when at the last revival for all of eternity. Actually, there was never a time that God didn't love you. There was never a time that his grace was not upon you. He He literally loved you before the foundation of the world. Not just a thought, a part of his life, right? God's thoughts are real. You were a part of him. You're a part of his life. God doesn't just love something that doesn't exist, but he loves that which is a part of himself. Amen. And why did he do it? For the good pleasure of his own will. The scripture says his own good pleasure. Nothing you were worthy of. Not your choice. Because he chose to do it. Just like he said to Israel, he told Israel, "Don't think because you're a great nation, great and mighty nation, I chose you. You're you're the littlest of all of them." And so he says, "Why did I choose to put my love on you?" because I chose to put my love on you. Which is exactly what Paul teaches in Ephesians 1. He did it for the good pleasure of the purpose of his grace. Ephesians 2. Musicians, if you'd come, Brother Tony. And you hath he quickened who are dead in trespasses and sins. I love this because if you understand what quickening means, quickening means that there was actually a life that there was originally, right? So before the foundation of the world, you were in him. You're a part of his life, right? And in Adam that died. So what did it take? It took God quickening you to life. Why did he have to quicken us? Because we were dead in trespasses and sins. We weren't searching for a life preserver. We were dead and he came to us. Amen. Wherein we time passed, you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now works in the children of disobedience, among whom also we had all our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. It's not a good condition. We were walking according to the to the devil. We were following the ways and the deeds of demon powers. All right? That's what that's what being spiritually dead was. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins has quickened us together with Christ. By grace are you saved. Amen. So that's the quickening power. That's what he's quickened to us to in this day. Remember, there's a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time. We must be quickened to that. It's not a salva. It's not something that we work ourselves into. It's not something that we choose ourself. He has sought us out to reveal himself to us in this day. He's not going to lose one of those people whose names were written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. He's going to be sure to do what? Send a preacher. Amen. That's that's God's purpose through the five-fold ministry through the body of Christ. What is the bride? The final voice to the final age under their messenger. So, having eaten the book, having taken the book, having eaten the book, then we become the final voice to the final age. Thou must prophesy again. We don't prophesy our own prophecy, but we take that which has been revealed to us from the open book and we speak it again. And we can go to places like Egypt where there's like two believers and we can preach the word with confidence knowing if he sent us there, there's seed there that need to be quickened to life or wherever you might go. If God has sent you, there's a purpose because his word never returns to him void. but it accomplishes the purpose for which it's sent. The same for this day when he's revealed the message to you, there's a purpose. There's a purpose in it. He He He intends to get something out of you. He can't He He intends to accomplish something through you. He He not only intends to get you ready for the rapture, but he wants you to be a manifestation of that life so that others can see and say, "There's something peculiar here. There's something different. Amen. And by that, maybe by your life manifesting Christ, maybe someone will come and say, "I need to feed on that same unfailing body word of the son of man." Amen. We got we we got nothing to be ashamed of. Amen. Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ." If you think about that, I'm not ashamed of the open word in this hour. For what is it? It's the power of God unto salvation unto all that believe. Amen. He He quickens you to that. He He gives you faith. Amen. I want you to be encouraged. I don't want you to I don't want you to leave this place thinking, my I don't have something. Look, if you believe the word, keep feeding on that word. You say, "But I'm not sure if I have the life, keep feeding on the word. The quickening power will come." We can pray for you. We can lay hands on you, but it's God that has to convert you, to give you a new nature that you delight in the word. Amen. His grace is drawing you. Say, "Amen. Amen. Amen. Abraham believed God and it was counted to him to righteousness. We Abraham had a crazy message. It was different than any other message because he had no children and he was told you're going to be the father of many nations. Amen. And you look at you look at us and you say, "My strange group of people, small church by there, the preaching is different." Do you do you have the revelation of the word in your heart? Because one day you're going to take a body change. That very word that you're feeding on is in itself is going to change your body. And let's stand. Heavenly Father, I just think of the scripture in the Gospel of John. [Music] But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God. Even to them that believe on his name. Lord, we we accept that white-wiged one that's come down, the supreme judge. We receive you, Lord. We believe it. And we believe from that we receive power to become sons of God. Lord, receiving the full revelation of all that Calvary was meant to produce in us in a people on the earth. It's Christ in the form of his bride. We thank you for that, Lord. We pray that the revelation would break forth upon every heart and every mind and every life. that we would be changed and shaped into that very image. Lord, we commit commit the word to you, Lord. We know that it will not return to you void, but it will accomplish what you've sent it for. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Let's worship him. You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are grace. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like like you. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] Just want to leave you with this quote from communion. Brother Brandham says I was saying this taking my for myself like he was going to say William Brandham. Well 40 years ago the William Brham isn't the same one tonight. Somebody back there would say William Brandham he was a rank rascal. See because I was born of Charles and Ella Brandom in their nature. I was a sinner. I came to the world a liar. All the habits of the world lay right in me. But down in there too was another nature present. See predestinated was in there by God in this same body. Two natures in there. He said down in there was a speck of eternal life. A little spot. There was another William Brandom. A little spot of eternal life down there from the genes of God. The word of God was placed in there. And that little life was laying there. the life of water, the washing of water of the word was poured upon it. Then it be to grow. Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, we pray as we're dismissed, Lord, that your Holy Spirit would go with each one. Lord, we pray for the healing touch for those who are sick and afflicted. Lord, we pray for a filling of the Holy Spirit who those who need more of you. Lord, we ask your hand would be upon each one. Father, we commit them to you for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] So great. No one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor, Lord. We lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You are great. to do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are grace. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah.
