################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - 250323 - Jason Watkins Our Part in the Inheritance (Part 3) - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    250323 - Jason Watkins: Our Part in the Inheritance (Part 3)
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYtU064VlWY
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Our Part in The Inheritance Part 3" on March 23th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
to Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. When the music fades, When the music fades and all is stripped away, and I simply [Music] come, longing just to bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. [Music] Oh, I'll bring you more than a song. Cuz a song in itself is not what you have required. No sir, you search much deeper within than the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Sing it joy. I'm coming back to the heart of worship and it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless [Music] world. King of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. Amen. Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single breath. [Music] Yes Lord [Music] is not what you have [Music] require. You search much deeper within than the way things appear. You're looking into my arms. [Music] I'm coming back to heart of worship and it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. I've made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Amen. Jesus the word you know um my name is Luther Jordan and that Sunday school I give it my approval amen 100%. I can confess and witness and testify to you that I was not raised in anything under the opaces of the word and how to courtship and how to relate to the opposite sex if you want to call it that. And um all that does is bring you scars. It just ruins your life. But if you do follow the plan of God the way that he meant it to be, amen, you'll be very, very happy and you won't be all scarred and messed up. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. And I thank you for your word. I thank you for the Sunday school. And I thank you, Lord, for the courage of the minister to stand here and just bring the word of God the way it was written, the way it should be for each and every one of us. And Lord, for all these young people, all those that have been raised in the message of the hour, Father, how we know the enemy wants to intrude, invade, change things, make it seem like it's so much better out in the world and the way the world does things. But Lord, as we as your children with message, faith, and revelation in our heart, we know that your way is the best way. And we thank you for that. Father, I pray for those that'll be streaming this morning, may not be able to be here, but I pray that your presence would be with them. Father, there is nothing like just sitting in a closet of prayer or just meditation and have your presence come. Comfort the heart and strengthen us. Father, the gift that comes forth this se this morning to break the bread of life. I pray that you would magnify it before our eyes. Help us open our hearts to receive what you have for us, Father. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it when it's all about you, Lord Jesus. It's all about you, Jesus. It's all about him. Amen. 24/7, 365. Can you say amen? I just want to welcome everyone to the house of the Lord again. And why don't you greet one another in the name of the Lord? Tell them you miss him. Tell them you love him since the last time you seen him. You miss [Music] him. Appreciate the spirit of worship everyone has this morning. Feel like everyone's hungry for the word. You give life, you will love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is [Music] broken. Great are you, Lord. Let's sing it again. You give life. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore. Yes, Lord. Every heart that is broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lives. So we pour our praise to you holy. Great are you Lord. You give life. You give life. Yes you do. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. Oh, thank you, Lord. Yes, you do, Jesus. Every heart that is [Music] broken. Great are you, Lord. Sing it now. It's your breath in our lungs. So, we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Only is your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Great are you Lord. Let's sing that bridge now Deborah. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing praise. Great are you, [Music] Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. We poured out you this morning, Lord Jesus, in our arms. So we pour out our praise to you only. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praises. your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Great are you, Lord. Let's sing that. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Great are you Lord. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Oh Lord, he's a great one [Applause] [Music] today. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he set my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Oh yes. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. makes me want to shout. Oh yes. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise from the top. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, oh, he turned me around. How he set my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Oh yes. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the honor and all the glory and all the praise. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Amen. and you can have your seats this morning. Sister Sarah and a whole bunch of others are going to sing a special today. So, if you're involved in that, come on and join us up here. Hallelujah. I just sense that spirit of worship is very strong in this place today. Amen. I thank you all for being prayed up this morning. [Music] Sorry, sorry, sorry. [Music] The Lord is my [Music] shepher and he goes before me. Defender behind me. [Music] I won't fear. I'm filled with anointing. My cup's overflowing. [Music] No weapon can harm me. I won't fear. Sing hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. I am not alone. We're never alone cuz he's our comfort. He's our comfort. Oh hold me close. He always guides me. through mountains and valleyies. His joy is [Applause] refreshing, restores my soul. filled [Music] insurance gives me [Music] assurance that I'll see his glory face to Praise sing halleluah [Music] hallelu I am not alone. We're never alone cuz he's our comfort. He's thy comfort. Always holds me close. Sing halleluah. Hallelu. I am not alone. We're never alone. We're never alone. Cuz he's our comfort. He's my comfort. Oh, hold me [Music] close. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. [Music] It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. One more time. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battles. And this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. Oh, it may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Say, it may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Your spirit, your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory, my victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory, my victory. [Music] Hallelu. I am not alone. He's my comfort. He my [Music] comfort holds me close. Sing hallelujah. Hallelu. I am not alone cuz he's my comfort. He my comfort always holds me close. [Music] It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. Say, this is how I fight my battles. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. One more time. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Aaron, Brother Erin's got a special for us, too. If you want to give him a hand this morning. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] Oh. There is nowhere else I'd rather be than seated in the presence of my [Music] king. You're the only one I'll ever need. Your majesty is all I want to see. All I want [Music] you. All I want is you. My soul won't even face for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength. Yah way forever holding your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yah [Music] [Applause] way. There is nowhere else I'd rather be seated in the presence of my king. You're the only one I'll ever need. Your majesty is all I want to see. All I want is you. All I want is you. [Music] My soul longs even face for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength. Yah way forever home in your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yah [Music] way. And even the sparrow finds a home. Even the weary find their race. [Music] Just a day here in your course is better than a thousand anywhere else. And even the sparrow finds of [Music] all and even the weary finds. [Music] Just a day here in your course is better than a thousand anywhere else. Oh my soul longs even thanks for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength. Yah way forever home in your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yah way. Even the sparrow finds a home. Even the weary find their wrist. Just a day here in your voice is better than a thousand anywhere. Even desper. Even the weary find there is just a day here in your court is better than a thousand anywhere else. Better than a thousand anywhere else. Better than a thousand anywhere else. better than a thousand anywhere else. Yah way. My soul longs even faints for the Lord in this place. Cuz you're the source of my strength. Yah way forever home in your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. We are a blessed church, saints. Amen. Not only do we got one of the best ministries in in all of the message, we also have the like tops for musicians and singers and Amen. Let's let's um have um Josie come now. Sister Josie, give her a hand, guys. They were singing this in the back and Sister Deborah, isn't this a song Jo sister Joanne used to sing too? And it just sounded so beautiful. I thought Brother Jason would love to come out on this song. So, we're gonna um let you sing and Brother Jason's going to come on [Music] out in sin. Then a kind shepherd found me and gently took me in of all of my sins. He cleansed me. Then my new life begun. Even though I was the most unworthy [Music] one, Lord, how I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. I'll gladly live for you, even die for you if I have to. I'll be grateful for all you have done. Even though I was the most unworthy [Music] one now Lord I've never regreted one day serving you. You're always right there when I need someone just to talk to. So I'll gladly live for you. Till my race here is round. Lord, I'll always be your most unworthy one. Lord, how I love [Music] you, adore you. I bow down before you. I'll gladly live for you, even die for you if I have to. I'll always be grateful for all you have done. Even though I was the most unworthy one. Lord, how I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. I'll gladly live for you, even die for you if I have to. I'll always be grateful for all you have done. Even though I was the most unworthy one, Lord, how I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. I'll gladly live for you, even die for you. If I have to, I'll always be grateful for all you have done. Even though I was your most unworthy one. [Applause] [Music] Amen. I tell you what, if all these singers keep practicing, they're really going to be something. I sure love all the wonderful privilege the Lord has given us with good music and good singing. Amen. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. Say, "Greetings." God bless you, pilgrim. Welcome everyone to the house of the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Good to be here. [Music] Ethan, it's not easy to make you look average in size. Even Gideon don't quite pull it off, but somehow Daniel Wow, brother Daniel. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. We're going to invite you to Genesis chapter 12 this morning. Amen. Happy to have you all here in the house of the Lord. Amen. Sure. enjoying all of that wonderful singing and worship and uh and so brother Kenny had let me know that there was a little bit of extra layers of song specials today and I'm always for that and I promise you sister sweetheart is always for special singing. Amen. We love it. We can't hardly get enough of it. Sister Debbie and I we grew up loving good good singing. Praise the Lord. That when I when we had that birthday bash out where am I at? Out here. and uh and and shock of my life. I was so not expecting that as one of the best birthday presents I've ever had because it was all that singing and all that wonderful love and affection that we have. Isn't it wonderful to be part of the family of God? Amen. Amen. I truly love it. Amen. Genesis chapter 12. While we have you standing. Amen. We want to continue on today and part the third installment of uh our part in the inheritance. Amen. Now, we've been reading uh Genesis 15 and um I almost went there again today, but I've got material that I don't think I'm going to try to get to today unless the Lord changes me. Might get a little lengthy. And I I want to get to what I've got out here today. I believe it was inspired of God. And so, um, we we'll probably s save that for a fourth part. Amen. I believe we're scheduled to have the weapon with us preaching this Wednesday. Amen. Actually, we were supposed to have brother Burley last Wednesday and then he got tied up and couldn't come. So, uh, we were we were going to have two black supermen backto back on Wednesdays and brother Burley said, "Man, you owe us, Brother Burley, you owe us. You're going to have to reschedu that." And so, uh, but we'll have Brother Diggs here this Wednesday night. So, I know we always look forward to that. Amen. Praise Lord. That's why we call him the weapon. Amen. Amen. Genesis chapter 12 and then we're going to go from here to chapter 13 and then from there to Psalms 27. You love the Lord. Amen. Genesis 12, just the first three verses. Now the Lord had said unto Abram, "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house unto a land that I will show thee, and I will make of thee a great nation." Now, this is the first time the Lord has approached him with this promise. You're going to remember, we're going to read the first two times in 12 and then chapter 13. And then we've been reading the third time was in chapter 15. But here we are in chapter 12 verse two again. And I will make of thee a great nation. And I will bless thee and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing. And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curse thee, and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed. You know, I mean, when you read what the Lord is saying he's going to do to and for and through Abraham, you come away with the sense of this has got to apply to something more than just a man in the land of that God just called on who who came from a family of heathen idol worshippers. And God just called him out of that. And now he gives him all this promise and I'm going to make your name great and you'll be a blessing. You're going to be a blessing and I'm going to bless everyone who blesses you and curse everyone who curses you. And in fact is Abram all the families of the earth are going to be blessed. This has got to be something more. I want you to know something friends. When the Bible says that the kingdoms of our Lord, the kingdoms of this world have become in the book of Revelation have become the kingdoms of our Lord and his Christ. And that Christ is his anointed family. It's Jesus and his bride, Mr. and Mrs. Jesus. It's got to be it's got to be more the kingdoms of this world becoming the kingdoms of our Lord and his Christ. It's got to be more than you're in my pitiful little life of ups and downs and ons and off. This got to be based on something way above us. Aren't you glad for that? You should take courage in that. Watch him come again. Verse chapter 13. Now he's separated from Lot. He's moving along further into the promise. You remember the principle that God spoke to Abraham only once and until Abraham obeyed, God didn't speak to him again. And when he obeyed, then God spoke again. And then when he obeyed, God spoke again. And that's the way God rolls. He'll tell you something in his word. When you do it, he'll give you the next step. And and a lot of times we sit down and throw dirt in the air and roll around on the ground. Why am I in this? And why is God letting this happen? And why won't he tell me something? You know, sometimes he's not he's not saying anything to you because he's already said it in his word and you already know it and he he already had you in a service and a preacher preached on it and you knew he had found you out and he's just waiting on you to go forward. I promise if you go forward, he'll go forward. Amen. Amen. And we're going to talk about that extensively today because forward is onward and onward equals upward. Amen. All right, you'll see what that means by and by. Let's catch it. Chapter 13. And the Lord uh verse 14. Chapter 13 verse14. And the Lord said unto Abram after that, see, after that Lot was separated from him, because God told him, separate yourself, "Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward. For all the land which thou seeest, to thee will I give it, and to thy singular seed." Paul pointed that out to his Hebrew brethren. He didn't say seeds because not all Israel is Israel but to thy seed singular which had to be Christ. Now you're beginning to understand how all the earth will be blessed in Abraham because it's really a seedline of Christ. Amen. So the family of God is the seedline of Christ. Easy. Amen. And I verse 16. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth. So that if a man can number the dust of the earth, boy, try to do that. Then shall thy seed also be numbered. So he's he's he's creating an impossible situation. Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it, for I will give it unto thee. Amen. Psalms 27. And now, we could have went on again and read from Genesis 15, but I I pretty feel pretty sure that'll be a fourth part. Uh Psalms 27, meaning I know it'll be a fourth part if we don't get to it today. meaning I don't think I I don't expect to get to it today and I'm not going to overly try. Psalms 27 verses 1-5. This is brother Brandham's text from of all sermons, one that's vi of vital interest to us, the rapture. Amen. I remember brother Eddie told me when he was listening to this service live over a hookup. He w he was puzzled because brother Brandham I think had announced I'm going to preach on the rapture. And when brother Brandham I mean you would think he'd have went to first Thessalonians 4. The Lord himself shall descend from heaven with shout. We which are alive and remain shall be. But he didn't. He went back to and brother brother he said I thought Psalms 27. Wait what? I thought we're talking about the rapture. But see, what the world wasn't understanding clearly is with the opening of the seven seals, we were no longer waiting on the rapture to begin. It had begun. What the world had not caught. Only Paul knew. And it wasn't it wasn't going to be known by experience. What Paul knew, he shall descend in a shout and a voice and a trumpet. That was the future day. Paul understood that. He wrote it like that. But it wouldn't be until the end time that a bride would actually learn it by living it. Oh wow. We are already in the cycle of the rapture. And the shout is the message. And the voice is a voice of a lived life. A life song that we are all singing. Amen. Yeah. I'm already preaching. I know you're standing. Don't Don't be a Don't be afraid. I'm fitting to close. But I I hey, you should be you should feel blessed because I I I heard a preacher one time talking about how he got doing this and and he left the people standing. He forgot to seat them and they were too courteous to seat sit on theirel and he preached for two hours and left them standing for God. So we're not going to do that. All right. But let let's let's keep let's keep uh let's read our our Psalms one or Psalms 27. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? See, so can I say that you're in the rapture cycle. Who are you going to be afraid of? You're already being lifted off of the earth. You're already say I don't feel Don't. It's not based on feelings. It's based on a promise. See, the Lord is the strength of my life. of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, which would include the devil, right? Came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though an host should encamp against me, all there's not enough demons in hell to keep you on this earth. Amen. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. though war should arise against me and how in this will I be confident one thing have I desired so he's confident he cannot base it on his victories he's basing it on the desire of his heart see in this one thing I will be confident that I have desired of the Lord whom I'll seek after this one thing will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. It's what we're doing today. For in the time of trouble, right? He shall hide me in his pavilion. Where is that? In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. What made you a tabernacle? The Holy Ghost, the living presence of God. See? And so you're hid away. The devil can't get to you. And he shall set me upon a rock. You're setting upon a rock of revelation that you didn't give yourself. And you are impervious to Satan stopping you. Amen. Amen. Even you can't stop you. Aren't you glad? Man, I'm almost as glad for that one as that the devil can't stop me. Amen. Let's pray. Master, I thank you today for the anointing that I already feel. We thank you for this group of lovely people. We ask you to be with us now as we look into your word. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Amen. So, I I I wanted to make those comments as we were reading the scripture verses because it's my desire today to align your thinking to my thinking. I'm really uh there's there's there's a number of points that I have made, am making, and will make in this little short series, three or four parts probably at best. And and the title should kick the whole thing off by in your minds by first there's an inheritance and then you have a part in it. So it's our part in the inheritance. We're not talking about the inheritance of somebody that we know that inherited a big estate of their previous generation. I'm telling you that there is an inheritance far greater than any inheritance that's ever existed in the earth. And guess what? Tag, you're it. You're you're involved in that. And you are you are here today hearing the reading of the will. You've been hearing it in part one, part two. You're hearing it again today. there's more that we'll get to hear because and and and let me just say this that I'm definitely for sure positive and absolute that you're not here to just hear that you have are part of the greatest inheritance to ever to be known. I'm here to instruct you how to get your inheritance. How do I become a part of it? See, because this isn't an attorney's office that you're going to go sit in and uh a number with a lot of zeros are going to hit your bank account. Your bank account might be negative by Monday, but I'm here to tell you that has no bearing on what I'm talking about because the kingdoms of this world will become and are becoming the kingdoms of our Lord and his Christ. And I I'm in that number. Amen. that glorious bloodwashed number. Brother Brandham comes with this quote here from the rapture. Now, it's familiar to you. Brother Brandham has told it a number of times. There's other that I could have used today, but because of a one specific line in this one, this is the last time that I believe or at least one of the last times that he tells it. And it's it's late. It's in December 65. He's only He's less than a month away from going home and being removed from us far sooner than any of us thought or expected or hoped. But it was all in God's plan. And we can see that now. Uh there's no way to put in words the bewilderment Sister Jean felt when she was a young woman hearing a prophet has gone home that nobody expected. But but but now here we are decades later and she gets it. We get it. We understand it. It was a necessary move on God because we couldn't keep relying on a man. Nobody can do this for you. What Jesus has already done. It's up to you to get to it yourself. Amen. So here he goes. He's telling the vision of the preview of the bride. Now catch that. Underline it. preview of the bride. All right, I'll say more on that in a moment. So, here's one of the times he tells about it. You remember that it's and I I've cut it as short as I could. Didn't tell the everything because he's told about how that he was caught away in a vision and he saw the preview of the church going by and it was lovely and it was wonderful and brother Brandham was thrilled to see it. All right. But now now next he hears something coming and now he's he's getting a preview of the church. And now now to the world that seems um like what do you mean the the bride versus the church? I thought the church was the bride. I thought the bride is part of the church. that is was absolutely true until you get to the last age and not just the the front part of the last age because that's up to the seals. Brother Brandham said in many respects, in some respects is just an extension of Philadelphia because of the open door that was set at the end of the age in that in that fading out and that handoff like an Olympic uh relay race where they're both running at the same time handing the baton and so and then finally Philadelphia fades out that early Leot and age runs on and people sometimes get that all confused because they're they're they don't understand the difference between the third between the third stage of the restoration of the bride tree and the fourth stage. Now there's and because they confuse that and they conflate three works of grace. How do I get three works of grace? But I've got don't don't don't jam those together. There's there's only three works of grace. God works in perfect threes. But but the bride was taken down in four stages and would be restored in four stages. And there was a third stage that that is now going to begin with the open door, which is a revelation of the deity of Christ. And I'm going to deal with this in a prophecy series I'm been working on. I think you'll enjoy it quite well. We want to take modern events, modern events of the last century and modern events uh in our day and future events that are soon to be upon us. And uh we want to overlay that with prophecy. So, we'll get to that. But, but let me just say that but now we're we're coming up to the time where for the first time the whole world is going to go in darkness and gross darkness. The people not not the likes of which have not been seen since the days of Noah. Amen. And so, this is why Jesus would say as it was in the days of Noah. As it was in the days of Lot. And it's notable that he didn't say as it was in the days of Abraham or as it was in the days of Enoch because we're talking about the condition of the world. The world had gone dark and had gone mad and gross darkness was upon the uh the all the people and it became a neurotic age and it got to a point where the church uh I I I want you to think about this for a moment and I I may have said this Wednesday night. I don't remember if I've said it yet or not. I'll just say it again. Perhaps I haven't said it. But when you when you realize that the that the church that the that what had been something God had been working in through seven church ages, that that church would eventually put Christ out. Amen. and that church would die and it would never rise again. It could not go in the rapture and it couldn't get any better. And so God like he called a nation out of a nation like he called Israel out of Egypt. He called the bride out of the church. Come out of her. A church is a her. Come out of her my people. So, it's obvious that the church as a whole were not all his people, but he's calling his people out of a people who are not his people. They have a name, but they are dead. The Bible says you have a name like you're alive, but you're not actually you're dead. And the and the the grave marker of the Leodysian church was I am that if you go to see the grave marker, the tombstone of the Leodysian church, it's Revelation 3 14- 20 through through 20. I I am rich and increased with goods. I have need of nothing. Knowest thou not that thou art poor, miserable, blind, and naked. See, and by the time you get to Revelation 22, you've got a bride speaking in the unified voice with Christ. The spirit and the bride say, "Come." How did you get from a dead to church with a tombstone of Revelation 3 to a bride of Revelation 22? The spirit and the bride said, "Come." I'm here to tell you, if you want to be called up, you better be willing to be called out. Because if you don't hear come out, you will never hear come up. Full stop. That's it. You'll never hear come up if you don't first hear come out. Not in this age. Not in this age. This is a unique age in many respects from all previous ages. So now he's he's he's already seen a redeemed church. Now he's standing and he hears another one. Oh, it's like a parade. It's like a procession going past him and he's in the stand. And the Lord is standing there with him and they're watching. And now he comes to this second time. It's going to come and watch this now. I heard it coming up. The church is coming up from this other side. There come the Asian church. Oh, you talk about filth. See, it's not the bride. Here come the European church. Oh my. And then I heard a rock and roll coming. And it was Miss America, the church. And she didn't even have any clo have on any clothes. She had papers like newspapers, gray. He called it another time like paperiermâché. We remember that from our art class in grade school. And this gray holding in front of her dancing by rock and roll Miss America the church. I stood there in his presence. I thought, "Oh, God, as a minister, if that's the best we could do, oh, oh, you know how you feel." Then I thought, "God, hide me. If I could just get away from here. If all that we've done, and that's what we have to produce. If that's what" And he trails off. And then when them women pass by all doing all kinds of rocks and things and short hair and painted faces. A and as they you can see why brother Brandon preached against those kinds of things because this is what God showed him was a condition of the fallen church. Short hair and painted faces. And as they pass by like that, supposed to be supposed to be supposed to be. You have a name that you're alive, but you're dead. You call yourself Christian. You do have a form of godliness, but you really deny the living power to change your life. And he says supposed to be virgins to Christ. Remember Matthew 25 virgins because remember both the wise and the unwise were virgins. Don't ever don't ever associate the unwise virgins with the harlot daughters of Revelation. They're virgins. They're just don't have the oil. They're just not born again. But they do have a testimony of Christ. But they're righteous people. Get it? The king called them righteous in the book of Revelation. They're called saints. Saint means sanctified one. So although they're not born again, they will gain eternal life at the judgment. But they lived as as sanctified people. So don't confuse that with the Tommy rot of Christianity you see today portrayed as Christianity is nothing of the kind. It's a social gospel only. God's able to call them out of that just like he called me and you out of it. I'm glad there's still mercy and we should still keep preaching and you should still keep living it and we should still keep praying and we should still keep reaching to the lost. We should still keep reaching to those people trapped in that cuz many of them are innocent people who have been misled by misinterpreted theology. And if they would ever if they would ever hear the word or better yet see the word in a bride, they might go, "Wow, you got something I'm missing. Tell me. Tell me." And you should always be ready to give an account of the faith that you believe. So he they're supposed to be virgins to Christ. Excuse me. Oh, here we go. And when she passed by like that, I turned my head, you know, with this holding in front of me. It was disgraceful. The back of them and and there they was going going like that. Sure, Lord, I will. You know, sisters, it's not just the front of your clothing that should stay decent. The back of your clothing should also have a decency to it. Amen. Amen. I was That's not in my notes, but that's where somebody taps me on the shoulder and says, "Here's a spot. Say it." Not just the front of your clothing should keep you covered decent, but the back of your clothing should keep you covered and decent. Did you know that psychologist and I read this report myself? I read this. This is not William Brandom. This is not We're not talking about that. Don't go, "Oh, there goes that that random guy again." No. I read a a sociology report and that that they pulled just average men. And do you know what was overwhelming? Above the 90 percentile of the thing that allured men the most was a woman's bare shoulders. Don't I guess I've locked everybody up. You should you should your your body is sacred, sister. You should keep it covered. Amen. You should never present yourself in such a way that you're exposing uh flesh like that. That's ungodly. That's not even a sanctified lifestyle. It's embarrassing to everyone. So, so uh and hey, you know, I I I I let me just say while I'm on it, you know, while while I'm on it, because I hate coming to it. So, let me say it while I'm on it, then I can move on. I'm glad this is at the beginning. But, you know, I was I saw a real the other day of a Baptist preacher and he he's holding his Bible and I I wanted to send the guy I think Caleb or some Brad or somebody posted it in our ministers chat and he was just a a sassifrass Baptist preacher. You could tell he wasn't one of these fancy doctors of divinity and he said, "I'm just going to go ahead and say it." He said, "Howdy some of you boys." He said, 'You're sitting in a Baptist church reading from a King James Bible and you got hair that looks like a Hollywood idol. And he said, ' Go get yourself a haircut, young man. You're supposed to represent Jesus Christ. And that's a Baptist church. How ought we, you young men, you brothers, you ladies, come on, friends. Come on. Come on. Let's Let's own this today. God calls us to holiness. I don't want to be part of what the prophet is seeing here. Okay, sir. Can I move on? So he says, "And when she passed by like that, I turned my head, you know, with this holding in front of me, it was disgraceful, the back of them." And there they was going like that. And I turned my head to weeping like that. I said I couldn't stand it in there. Him standing there and me know that me a minister of the of the church and that's what I had produced for him. I said, "Oh God, I can't look at it. Let me die. Let me fade away." And as soon as it went out, every time one of them would come, they'd come. Now, catch this. All right. Now, listen. This is this is where I real details. They would uh and and as soon as it went out every time, every time one of them would come, they'd go out to a certain place, then drop off. I just hear the sound of it as they went away. So, they've come to like a cliff and they have plunged into an abyss. Brother Brandham describes it in a in another time. He said, "All of the most horrible screams you've ever heard as those girls plunged down." And and he said, "As they plunged down." So he said, "And and the sound of it as it went away." Oh, I'm so glad it didn't end there. Then then everybody say then. Then then I heard something cuz brother Brandham realized the the the true church had to come back in preview again. Not just the alpha church but the omega church. Then I heard something like onward Christian soldiers. I looked and here come that sainted bunch of little girls just exactly the way they was. All correctly dressed, their hair hanging way down on their back, smooth, smooth, clean, marching like this. And this is important. Marching to the step. Amen. To the step of the gospel. See, she was the word. How do you get in the step of the gospel? Become the word. What is it when you become the word? Are you indoctrinated? No. You're marching in step to the gospel. See, so the gospel is not doctrine. Doctrine is within the gospel. But the gospel is he lives. And because he lives, I can live also. See, it's the good news. Smooth, clean, marching like this to the step of the gospel. She was the word. They look like one out of every nation. I was looking at it as they passed by and seen them pass by. Now, here's another important line. Instead of going down, they started going up. Hallelujah. Come on. So, now you've you've got a contrast. The church is going down. The bride is going up. Nobody's staying in the middle. That's not where this is a procession. This is moving. I've been preaching to you about moving forward in your faith. This is not about standing still. I you know, if you're not going forward in your faith and growing, then you're not going onward. Right? And if like onward Christian soldiers and if you're not going onward Christian soldiers, then you're not going upward. Onward equals upward. I could write it like an equation today. Onward equals upward. Forward is onward. I don't want to get ahead of myself. You can tell I'm methodical. I'm going slow today. That's why I promised you I'm not even going to attempt to get to that fourth part because I don't want to uh take it too long and wear you out. So, but instead of going down, they started going up. Why? Because they were marching to the step of the gospel. They were going onward. They were going forward. See, I noticed now this so encouraged me. I noticed one of them trying two or three of them. I'm probably equal. All three of them of them trying getting out of line. I screamed, "Stay in line." And the vision left me and I was standing in the room screaming, "Stay in line." You say, "That's that it that vision ended dreadfully." Not to me, it didn't. To me, it ended that even though we get out of step, sometimes we've had missteps, but it didn't stop her from going up because she kept going on. I've had missteps, but I'm going on. Sometimes I've stumbled, but I get back up. Here's what it is. I'm going forward. Wow. Sometimes I feel like brother Dale is going to walk out and blow up. It's too big. Me and Brother Dale, we've laughed so many times over the years. He'll he'll be telling me because you get him you get him on the phone he's gonna start preaching you what he just preached and so we get it we get started started and I said was it too big he goes yeah brother it was too big I about blew up onward equals upward that's uh that's all I should have of of the powerpoint brother Mark so so if you're not going forward in your experience you're not going upward. Plain and simple. Wow. The essence of moving onward and upward. That is what I'm labeling to you today as true progression, spiritual progression. There's no way to claim spiritual progression if you're not going forward. Amen. If you've allowed whatever, if you've allowed the world, if you've allowed friends, if you've allowed money, women, popularity, if you've allowed a career, if you've allowed school, if you've allowed anything, nothing wrong with a career in school and having friends. But if you've allowed any of those things to sidetrack you from going forward in Christ, you're in a bad place. See, if you're not going forward in spiritual health, I don't say, please hear me, because there's there's people in here today that love the Lord. Absolutely. Do believe the word for sure. I'm not here questioning and judging somebody's experience or what they believe in their heart. I'm believing everybody in here is a believer. You wouldn't come here to man scream at you and whail and yell and wave his arms and turn red in the face. There's no way anybody would do that. So, I know that there's a a desire for you. You came here cuz you wanted to come here cuz nobody could make most of you come. But, you know, and and I'm always aware of that when people come to the altar. And I'll say, Lord, nobody could compel these people. You brought them up here. See? And so so so we we you realize then that I'm not here saying that you're not a believer that you haven't had an experience in Christ. I'm simply trying to say and I'm not and so therefore therefore if you're not going forward and upward but I'm not saying you're falling into the abyss either. I accept that you're a real believer. I'm I'm going to say to you as I've just said there's no middle ground in this vision. And the reason I say that is because sometimes people live in a quasi no man's land middle ground believers God's family. But the point is according to the vision, you're not supposed to live there. Amen. Amen. You remember brother Matt when he preached on on on on on judges and how Ruth was the answer to Judges and that was such a profound sermon. and I've never it's always affected me. And and brother Matt talked about sometimes, you know, you get in a traffic circle and sometimes people's lives, believers look like they're in a spiritual traffic circle. Yeah. They're not really going back the way they came. They're not backsliding, but neither are they going on. They're just going around and around. Amen. And and and brother Matt pointed out to us the whole thing is traffic circles aren't built to drive in. They're built to drive through and on. Drive out of it and go forward. See? And sometimes people drive in that thing for years. I've seen them drive around in it for decades and they never get anywhere. They haven't backslid. They didn't go back into the world. But neither is their life. Their life doesn't appear to be very much in the order of ascension. Amen. You're stuck in a traffic circle going around and around. And so, you know, um the you know the when you do that, as brother Matt was showing there in the book of Judges, I mean, the best that you have as a believer, come on. The best you have is a is a life of service to the Lord in that death and revival cycle. Death, revival, death, revival, death, revival, death. And you're just up and down. And you're revived, then you're not. Then you're revived, then you're not. Then you're a meeting, you're good, then the meeting's over, then you're not. See, you sit in a church, the word convicts you, run good for a while, you cool back off, go right back to going around in the circle. You never drove out of it. See? And so it it it but but but Ruth was the answer to Judges because Ruth brought Boaz on the scene who married oh brought who married Ruth and she became his bride. And so, so the whole the whole thing is that God was going to introduce a life into the world that that didn't continue, you know, death and revival, death and revival. It would be life eternal, perpetual, upward, upward, upward, upward, upward. God was going to introduce a kind of life into the world that only drove in one direction, forward and onward. And onward means upward. Amen. Amen. He's going to send us a driver that didn't drive like that. Amen. And he was going to he was going to he was going to give his driving characteristics to you so you could drive better. So if you see brother Jason driving his chariot furiously like Jahu, just remember it's just have mercy and pray for me. Amen. I I'm trying to I'm trying to drive like a different driver. God has a family in the world um who are here whose purpose for being here and their whole experience of life has been designed to be a light to a dark world. Amen. Now, I I'm not here to, you know, um, you know, psychoanalysis, do a psycho psychoanalysis of your past life. I'm not even qualified to do that. Don't care to be qualified to do it. I can do it by the word of God. And but I can't answer everything of why, what happened to you, when, where, and how, and whose fault it was, and what's Can I just say to you, what about now? Yeah, I get that that was then and then might have been very painful. But what about now? Because you can hide behind it all day long and and and I'm not saying it's not real pain or real disappointment. Why' this happen? Why did God let you know? I here's all I know. Here's all I can say is that God put me here for a reason. He's accomplishing a plan. The footsteps of the righteous ordered of God. I didn't always make the right choice, but he kept with me. Sometimes I went off the trail, but he kept bringing me back. And here I stand today. I'm back on the trail. I haven't always been here, but I'm very glad today that I am. Amen. He has a family in the world who are supposed to be a shining light to the world uh of this new life, a light, a shining light of the gospel. But sometimes sometimes and I I'm just so glad he's allowed me to say it like this so that so that you can't, you know, rubber stamp me as just a judge judgmental hateful preacher like they did Paul like they did every every real servant of God. So, so he allowed me to say, "But sometimes his family." So now you can't hate on me because I'm calling you his family. Say, "How do you know that what you're about to say is true? I've lived it." Yeah. Amen. I read it. There's other ones in the Bible who did what I'm about to say. Who were God's family? I'm trying to help you. That's right. Amen. Okay. Sometimes this family that God has put on a path to be a light to the world, sometimes his own family uh veers off the path that he has laid out for them. It happens. They do it to perhaps to find what they think maybe is a a better way to happiness in this world. What a sad multitude of wasted time and opportunities that we squander because we do that that we veer off the path God ordained because we feel that we have found a better way to happiness in this world. And it's just uh it creates a lot of wasted opportunities and a lot of wasted time. I can tell you that I once was young, now I'm older. And I can tell you that wasted opportunities to serve God and to accomplish things for his kingdom weighs on you. Uh but I but but but I don't want to leave you with with doom. Let me let me tell you this. God has a way. He God has ways. Many ways. And he will, has, will, and always shall get his family back on, Amen. the path he ordained. Amen. But to get back on the correct trail, God's family sometimes spend a lot of time doubling back around, you know, cuz they went off trail. They went off the path that God had. And so they, you know, they got to double back around or or at best, you know, they they try to they realize I'm off the path. I got to I'm just going to I don't want to go all the way back, so I'm just going to cut through. I know it's right above me. I'm going cut through. And then you end up having to crash through through bramble and briars and rocks and and you get torn up, cut up, scraped up. I see people and they're bleeding and they're they're standing on God's trail and and I can see that their life is standing on his trail, but they're bleeding profusely and I know you got off that trail, didn't you? Well, come here. Come here. I got some bomb and Gilead. We'll put it on those wounds. You come on around. We'll bandage you up. will preach to you. I'm a healer. That's what I do. That's what pastors do. They're they're the medic in in the in God's army. That's what they do. They they run along with you. They run beside you in life. Pastors are uniquely qualified to reach over in real time while they're running alongside you and stitch the things of God into you and take things away. You don't even know they took it and and make you run a little lighter and a little faster. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So we find that there is a rhythm of the word for your life that does not involve leaving the trail and having to cut through and crash through bramble the mu and if and if you ever know about real masterpiece of music it it swells and it it or let me let me it has those moments and crescendos and everything but let me just say more more than swells I want to use this word it builds amen it's it's building to something where he's ending is not where he starts. And he and he and he's and sometimes it'll ramp up and then fall back and then it'll go forward and fall back. But it's it's going somewhere. I know your life can sometimes look like forward and then not so forward, faster and then not so fast. But just leave God in control. Whatever you do, leave him in control. You know, our our own um Sister Ruth Simmons, trained in trained classically in music, knows that that you can't sit down with the sheet music in front of you and go off the trail. You're not going to play what the master wrote. See? Amen. So, the music, you know, it it it builds by design. It takes on a a life o of its own. And that's how it does within your life. Remember, Brother Brandham said, "It's so beautiful. You can close your eyes and live in it. That's how real it is. Because music predates creation. There was music and worship long before he ever built the earth. And so so and Satan was the was the was the worship leader. That's why we have to be careful in our music. See, we have we have to be studious. We have to stay in prayer. We have to our our music leaders and musicians have to stay anointed. See? And and so so we realize that music moves you. It's why you hear it and your toe starts moving involuntarily. Your hand your fingers start tapping. Next, I mean, you can be in a in a in a in a not so great mood at a not so great place. Just put on the right worship music and in seconds you'll be swept away to somewhere. Hallelujah. Amen. It's very real. It's not a figment of your imagination. But you understand that God writes sheet music for your life and that this life and that this sheet music is building. It's building you into something within your life. It begins to replicate the melody and the life song that your creator intended for you. Remember I said Wednesday he wants to hear his sheet music played back to him in your life. See, you don't have to be talented or gifted. You just need to be called and chosen. Amen. And you can play your life song becomes a melody of his word played back to him. It is through and I've said this to you over and over and over again in this series. It is through the active faith and obedience to the word that we get into the rhythm of the word. And daily we build on the music. And not only that, but it but it's also how you find the the correct beat of the age you're in. Amen. Because you you're if you don't have the beat, you might be in the right key. You might be playing the notes, but you're not in the right timing. You know, men who love greasing gears understand that about combustion engines. The engine can be doing everything it's supposed to be doing. the piston's moving up and down, the the valves are actuating, the the crank is turning, but if but if everything is not doing it when it's supposed to do it in the perfect beat and rhythm, that's why they set the timing on on on an engine like that. So, so you you if you don't know and you say, why do you why do you want to bring that up? Because too often times you and I say you and I you and I get out of the beat. Yeah. And there were two or three of them little girls at the end of the line who got out of step. They were still marching. They were still in the procession. They're still going upward. But a prophet felt the need to scream to them. And I feel the need to say to us today, "Get in line. Stay in step." Because you say, "Well, what's the biggest evidence, Brother Jason? What's what's a a big evidence? What's a big tell that I'm not walking in the beat of the age I'm living in?" When your life mimics more the world than it does the word, you're out of beat because you're not understanding the beat of the age you're in. The beat of the world is increased with goods have need of nothing. Rich, increased with goods have need of nothing. And he's saying to them, not only are you not rich and increased with goods, you're actually blind. You're naked. You have you don't just need you need everything. Yeah, you don't have life. You don't need a bigger bank account. What you need is life. People, when you drive by a graveyard, the bodies laying in that graveyard don't need your help, they need life. See, so so you you understand that not only not only do you understand better the beat of the age you're in, that it's darkness and gross darkness on the people, you understand that this is the age that put Christ out. So you're not trying to mimic the church. They're dead with a gravestone. We're not trying to be them. We're not trying to look like them, act like them, worship like them, nothing like them. That's a dead system that we're trying to get people to come out of and join us, not us joining in with them. So, not only does it does it show you the age that you're living in, but it also informs your thinking as to the purpose, the reason God put you here in the worst of all ages. Amen. Because if you don't get that, you spend a lot of time saying, "Gee, Lord, thanks." Wow. Really? But he put you here on purpose because he has confidence that you say, "But it's just too tough." Oh, you you're right. It's not just too tough. It's impossible. That's why you've been given sheet music. That's why you're encouraged to let your life song sing. See, that's what we learned from Brother Brandham in his message, Shalom. It was a preview of the bride. Brother Jason, why do you emphasize it was a preview? Because it laid out her life in the future before the rapture. Yeah, it she was getting out of step and he was screaming, "Get right at the end of the line." At the not the beginning of Leodysa, they lived righteous sanct you had Billy Sunday and FF Bosworth and and and all of those great Wigglesworth guys and and and and they were wonderful men and and who lived. But it's at the end of the age when the when the you know everything becomes a mixture and and it's all people's rights and and everything starts an amalgamation and we're not we're come out of her be a separate saith the Lord. And so this would be the age where he would where he would have to uh uh he's going to fortell her future before the rapture. But nobody caught it at the time. because they thought they were leaving imminently. Right when brother Brandham is preaching the rapture, parents never thought their kids would go to school. Amen. So, you know, it a lot of times the question arises and it's it's not a it's not a a fair question. It's not a question we should spend a lot of time dwelling on, you know. So, so, Brother Jason, here we are, you know, almost almost 70 years. Uh, you know, after the opening of the seals, it I mean, it won't be very long. It'll be 70 years. And I don't want to get into dates and times and numbers. I got have to deal with that enough when I get into my prophecy series. But, but, you know, I I just say it like this that it's it's it's sometimes comes on people's minds. Has has the have these decades been brother Jason is it have we been living out those things that brother Brandham said there was a secret to it. He said that I was told not to tell it and he said I'll take that secret to my grave. Yeah. Remember a part of it came through. He said I got a fold of it. Then another part come through and it flew across there in an unknown tongue and I couldn't make it out. Amen. and he said it's just not exactly time for it yet. So, are we living out some of those secret things? Has that is that what has been happening? Uh and and I personally believe that that that's a fair answer. You know, are we living out those secret things that brother Brandham said he would take to the grave? Well, now I don't know. That's not for me to say. That's not for you to say. That none can say that. But I can say this that all history has been under the perfect control of prophecy. Now I can say that as a student of history and prophecy. I can tell you that all history has been under the control of prophecy. And I mean that in the most absolute sense. And all I can say is that the word of God uh has been unfolding in God's perfect time. And it's being and it has been being lived out by his family. That's what I can say. That's how we got here. That go that the family that God ordained before the foundation of the world. That's what's up. That's what's been happening. Amen. I believe this is partly why brother Brandham could say to the bride that she should not try to make herself into anything. I think that's that's a large reason of why he said that because there were things that were coming unfolding. And when we're talking about unfolding, it we're not talking about a prophet in a return ministry coming back preaching and telling us what what the unfolding was doctrally like he did in the seals and different things like that. I believe that we're understanding it better as we've been becoming it. See, and so I and so I think that this is uh this is why he could he could say to the bride that she should not try to make herself into anything. You know, we're we're to find the perfect will of God. Um, I I've I've thought I've tried, how can I say it better and I can't seem to improve on this statement. The bride has gotten to where she has gotten to by surrendering her way forward. So, you're not trying to make yourself something. But neither are you driving around in a traffic circle. You don't you're not gold bricking. You don't got your foot up on the table and saying somewhere over rainbow he'll make me perfect and I'll go in rapture. We've been here on a mission. Yes. You You understand? And so, so, so e even even after the blood was applied to the door in the first Exodus, they didn't leave that night. It was the next day. They had to go all the way through and in. And then there had to be a spoiling of Egypt and gave them all this and assemble everybody. We've been assembling. That's what's happening. We've been marshalling around the world getting ready for a march to the heavens. Amen. Even when they were going to cross the Jordan, they lingered 30 days after the death of Moses. And you know what they did? I read a commentator said for 30 days they sat around and retold the stories of Moses and lamented his passing and told about this miracle and this campaign and this meeting. And haven't we done that, friends? And it's good. And they did it and it was great and we've done it and it's been fine. We still do it to this day. I might do it tomorrow to somebody who don't know. But I'm crossing Jordan. I'm not just here to remember what was. I'm looking for what's coming. See, so, so, so we've surrendered our way forward. And this is a great truth that I fear has too often been abandoned over these decades after the prophet met went home as as men, you know, for I don't want to question their motives. I'm just looking at the fruit of things. But sometimes men, you know, over these decades, they've risen up and built ministry kingdoms to themselves. And I I don't I don't really blame the people as much as I blame these ministers. Uh but because especially we you know what's the old saying? But for the grace of God, there go I. So we're not here to condemn. I appreciate everybody for their run. Maybe they maybe maybe those men I would pale in comparison to my life as of sanctification compared to them. I don't know. But I I just know that that a lot of times people were most often caught up in those things and they still get caught up in them to this day and it's due to a lack in their own experience and most times it's not even perceived. Right. Amen. And the only sign that they have is they chase personalities. They chase ministry personalities. And they they think they're spiritual. They're very religious, but that doesn't mean they're very spiritual. And you realize and and a lot of times it's for that reason because they lack a a real depth of experience. And when you l when you lack your own deep personal experience of knowing God, you go for that. Yeah. You go for that naturally. You know why? Because it's easier. It It's easier. You just find you a Superman ministry that will do all the harder work uh of of of spiritual the harder spiritual work of the heart. Changing the outside, dressing right is is the simple part. People choose legalism because it's easy. All they have to do is dress a certain way, have the right kind of vernacular, and go to the right church and sing the right songs. And everybody say, "He's a real Christian." She's a real Christian. But the but Elijah wasn't sent to do that. Elijah was sent to turn the heart. Hallelujah. Amen. And that requires introspection. And people don't like that if if what's inside is dark. And I'm not talking about past pains. I'm talking about inner desires that you know are not according to the word of God. But I'm here to tell you today, they're they're they're worse than the IRS. They're not going to go away. You can't just ignore them. They're coming for you. And you the best thing you can do is come into the house of God and say, "Lord God, take everything out of me that's not like you." and put your life and your word inside of me. See, so you know, people do that. They find those kind of ministries because, you know, let somebody else do all the harder work for me and live it and be the right kind of attitude. But that's not the way of the word. Amen. And so this is why when brother Brandham is asked the question in COD 63 and he says now just because he's he left so much you know of the seals and and and so now he's got these questions and answers on the seals you know and and so he he hasn't even yet come to the seventh seal and they're already asking him questions you know what do we do what do we do how do brother Brandham this what a challenge what do we do how do we get to where you are and brother Brandham says, "Now just don't interpret nothing." Now, he interprets his word by bringing it to pass. So, you're not trying to be something. You're not trying to just look like an overcomer. You're actually trying to let your life testify that you are an overcomer. Now, just don't don't interpret nothing. If you want if you want to know anything, he'll send it to you. See? So, just be real, real solid now. Don't try to make yourself odd to be a Christian because you take yourself away from God. All right. Amen. Say, "Where did I take I'm getting more godly. Where did I take it? Where did I take me to?" To the man in the mirror. You took yourself away from God. You took him to you. Why? But if you wanted to be you, why bother trying to beat him? Right? See, and so a a prophet knew that we couldn't make ourselves He knew we couldn't make ourselves into the elected people. Wow. I am I've got to close. He knew that he couldn't that we couldn't make ourselves into the elected people who would, as he said, take this message and carry it on to the coming of the Lord. He knew we couldn't make ourselves into that. See, God would actually have to do that again. So again, so again, here we come. We're right back where we started. So So again, God's got to do it. So we do So how do we do it? We surrender our way forward. Amen. See, he's the only one. God's the only one who knew uh that the world would choose Satan as the god of this evil age. Yeah. Amen. The Lord knew that. He's the only one who knew it till a prophet. It was revealed to a prophet. No one imagined that would be the end of the Christian church that they would put Christ out of his own church he'd been in for 2,000 years. He knew I God knew that the fallen church that that walked off the edge and plunged into the abyss, you know, can I can I say it to you in a from a certain angle? You know, it wasn't that they decided it wasn't that they decided to stop being his mouthpiece. They did stop something, but they didn't try to stop being his mouthpiece. What they stopped was coming to his supper. Amen. And so God, they didn't they didn't decide to stop being his mouthpiece. God took that privilege away from them when they made excuses for not coming to his supper that Jesus told about a great man had a supper and sent out his servants go and bid them to come. Many are called see and so they willfully many of them some of them they they they willfully chose organized religion over the power and demonstration of the living God. Uh you know I I hey uh I got my own program for life. I I pray they have me excused. Oh my. Amen. Granted. I've got friends and I got a career to think about. I pray they have me excused. Grant. Granted. We can make a great denominational name for ourselves. Please have me excused. Granted, for I say unto you that none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. Shalom was preached in 1964. I'm I'm very near uh the end. I'm actually not. So, I'll just stop here in a moment. So much for So much for that. Part five. You know, society at large. No, I'm not. I'm done. Stand up. Not going to do it. All right. That would have Because as soon as I said that, I realized, oh, then you're going to have to then then then. Okay. Praise the Lord. Come. Amen. Brother Kenny. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Preaching is weird. The Bible calls it foolishness. So, I apologize for foolishness today. Um, give me something soft and uh worshipful. Brother Kenny, I want you to bow your heads with me all over the building and just quietly, Deb, please. Yeah. Okay. Praise the Lord, Father. I'm just sure that was you. And now that gives me peace. I won't go away today worrying. I remember brother Brandham. Maybe not exactly like I did it, but very close. And he's just preaching away and he's actually in discernment. and he's discerning people and telling the secrets of men's hearts. And suddenly he just stops and calls a prayer calls up uh sinners to to the altar. And he says, "I didn't ever done that, but he told me, make an altar call right now." Apparently, the word had found its mark and the the arrow of deliverance that was shot from his throne has found its mark, and hearts are ready to be dealt with. I don't want to be my own kingdom building ministry trying to go and say what I want to say. Lord, I promised you this morning early that I just wanted your complete direction and now you call me to stand the people up with heads and hearts are bowed and we're asking the question, are you friend here today or across the airwaves or by an archive? Would you say, "Brother Jason, I am I I believe him. I'm part of the family of God. I've had an experience with the Lord, but truth be truth. I haven't done a lot of upward trending because I haven't done a lot of onward walking. I'm not really going forward. I seem to be going around and around. And I I don't want to be the one who said, "Please have me excused." I don't want to think about my career and my friends and my or some denominational organized system or some popularity, some fortune and glory, some wealth or fame and say, "Oh, please have me excused. No, Lord, not me, not these people. Don't let it be." So [Music] maybe your desire today is to say, "Lord, I I have to confess in your presence cuz it wouldn't do me any good to lie to you. You see my heart anyway. I might as well just now that I'm exposed by the Holy Spirit, I might as well just raise up my hands and say, "Have mercy on me, oh God." I raise up both of mine, Lord, with all the sincerity I can muster. I'm not trying to be an example. People's heads are bowed, but I got both my hands up because I want more of you. I don't want to just drive around in circles. I want to go forward. I want to go onward, Christian soldier. I want to be in the rhythm. I want my life song to sing. I want to know the beat of the age I'm in. And I want to I want to be in the right beat, the right melody. I want my life to be a living melody, a display. Grant it, Lord God. I pray you'll grant it to us today. I I would imagine that hands went up everywhere, Lord. I won't even know, but hands perhaps went up everywhere, Lord God. And that's our desire today. Oh, let it be to us, Master. I pray thee. Let it be to us today. Give us hearing hearts that we might hear you more clearly. I know the word has found its mark today. I know it has. You found us out. Yep. You found our address. Mhm. You did. You did. It's beautiful. You're so wonderful, Lord. We love you for it. I pray for your great mercy on us as a congregation. Your great mercy upon us in days to come that we might apply the things we've heard. Yay. And amen. I commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing, Brother Kenny. Oh. Oh, thank you for that. But now I'm You want to worship him just a little bit? Lift it up. But now I'm found. So far away all together. But I'm home now. Hallelujah. I once was lost. But now, but now I'm But now I'm found. And now, now my life. Now that I've been found. Now that I've been found, let my life. Once was, oh God. But now I see. I once was blind. [Music] But now I see. I don't know how. I don't know how. But when he touched me, I don't know how. But when he touched me, Ice was blind. I once was blind, but now I see. [Music] And now my life song sing. That was then. And now this is now. Now my life song. Come on. The music builds. And now. Here we go. Oh, glory. I once was dead. Hallelujah. Oh, that's beautiful. [Music] But now I from the bottom of your heart. My life. Now my life to you. I give my life. My life to you. I give you now my life. Now I to you. I give hallelujah. That means praise our God. How many want to say it? Hallelujah. Praise our God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let my from today on from this day I'm going to go forward. I'm going to go onward. I'm going to go outward. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come [Applause] [Music] on. Oh, give it away. Raise up the big wing. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] So to Yeah. Heat. [Music] Let [Music] See [Music] [Applause] you. Hallelujah. [Music] Let my [Music] life sing to you. Just softly. Just softly. Brother Kenny, you can keep singing. Just softly. Lord Jesus, what a day this has been. What a time in your presence we've had. Much has been said, weighty matters. Sometimes, Lord, dark sayings and weighty matters. But the spirit of God anointed it. I could feel the Holy Spirit flowing. I stood here today, Lord, as your unworthy servant speaking to unworthy people. There's no good that we can bring you, Lord. All we can do is cling to Calvar's cross. All we can do You say, "God, have mercy on me." That's all the publican could do. Oh, that priest with all of his bragging. And that poor publican just stood there. He smoked his breast and said, "God, be merciful to me a sinner. Help us today, Lord. We We've all sinned and come short of thy word and thy promises, but today we want to believe them with fresh faith." And a fresh determination. We don't want to I don't want this to be death and revival. I want this to be the seedline of Christ that lives forever. Amen. As Melzdc, a priest that abideth forever. Your life is a continual life. It continually grows. It moves forward. Lord, one [Music] day, a great man came to his servant and he said, "Why should I allow this tree any further? It it every year I come looking for fruit and it every year at harvest it's barren and why would I let it encumber the ground and drink up the nutrients and the vitamins that the other trees need. Take it out, pull it down, do away with it. And the servant said, "Please, Lord, just give me more [Music] time. I know your coming is soon. I know, Lord, that those who reject you do so to their own peril, but going to have more time. And he said, "Lord, if you'll just give me time, I'll I'll dig around the roots some more. The tree is not going to like it, but I'll do it to try to save its life. And I'll I'll fertilize it and I'll dig and I'll shake it up and I'll make it uncomfortable. But I I want to have another chance. Oh, once more, Lord. Grant us another chance. And the prophet when he takes Samson and he said, "Maybe there's a chance just like Samson." Yeah. And Samson said, "Once more, Lord." And the prophet said, "Maybe you're here today and you'd say once more, oh God, once more. Stir my heart, Lord. Once more, reach down into my life and do that which I cannot do. I couldn't find me. You found me. Now help me. I couldn't save myself. You saved me. But now I need to ascend. I need to go forward." Forward is onward. And onward is upward. Grant it to us, Lord. I pray for the flock thou hast given me care over. Help us, master. Help me, your humble servant, to cause people to love you, love your word. And if I can if I can attract their attention to your word, the to the lovely Lord Jesus, I can I can get them away from gazing at those shiny things. That's why that's why parents don't just let children do what they want. They're they're given charge to guide and direct in the way the child ought to go. You can't. That's the that's the modern age. That's the lie. Just let them grow and be what they want to be. But but but a child, they'll they'll grab at the first shiny thing they see you and it might hurt them. And so you're you're a parent. You're a father. You you pull us away from those shiny things. Prophet said, "Don't chase shiny things. Go after the gospel. It glows." Gospel is not shiny and glittery. In fact is it has very little beauty and the world doesn't desire it, but it glows with the love of God and the power of the spirit. So we can never compromise from this pull pit. Parents can never compromise from their pull pits. and pull pits they have. Oh yeah. So I pray for your mercy on us today as we go from this building. Help us, Lord. Help us to be going forward. If I can go forward, then I'm going onward. And if I can go onward, then I'm going upward whether I feel like I am or not. Here's what I know. The further the world goes downward, I must be going upward. So I I commit it to you now and I leave it into your care. Enough has been said by men. Now Lord, let the Holy Spirit speak to hearts. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Sing for us my brother friends. God bless you at your leisure. You can be dismissed. God bless you. Sing brother Kim. [Music] Nothing [Music] else. [Music] Nothing. Caught up in your [Music] presence. Your presence. [Music] to be flat. Be flat. Caught up in your praise. [Music] I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessings. Jesus, you don't owe me anything. More than anything that you can do, I just want you. Oh, I'm sorry when I've just gone through the motions. I'm sorry when I just sing another song. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. Oh, I'm sorry. When I've come with my agenda, I'm sorry. When I forgot that you're enough, take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to [Music] you. I'm caught up in your presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessing. Jesus, you don't owe me [Music] anything. And more than anything that you can do, I just want [Music] you. I just want you. Nothing else, nothing else, nothing else will do. I just want you and nothing else, nothing else, nothing else will do. I just want you. Nothing else, nothing else, nothing else will [Music] do. Caught up in your [Music] presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. Lord, I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessings. Jesus, you don't owe me anything. More than anything that you can do, I just want you. I'm sorry when I've just gone through the motions. I'm sorry when I just sing another song. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. [Music] Lord, I'm sorry when I've come with my agenda. I'm sorry when I forget that you're enough. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. I'm caught up in your presence. [Music] I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. Lord, I never want to [Laughter] leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessing. [Music] Jesus, you don't owe me [Music] anything that you can do. I just want you. I just want you and nothing else. Nothing else, nothing else will do. I just want you and nothing else. Nothing else.
