################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 250518-Tim BurdetteGod's Law of Environment - Tim Burdette.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   250518-Tim Burdette:God's Law of Environment
Speaker: Tim Burdette
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImthqYs5O30
========================================

Forever you will be faithful. You are all your promises are yes to amen. All your promises are yes to amen. Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pulled me from the ashes. You have broken every curse. Blessed redeemer. You have set this captive free. [Music] [Music] You are you are faithful [Applause] [Music] forever. You will be [Music] faithful. [Music] You are [Music] all your promises are yesterday. [Music] You are faithful forever. You will be f able you are. [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. [Applause] All your promises are yes and amen. I will rest in your promises. My confidence is your faithfulness. I will in your promises my confidence [Music] in your faithful faithful. You are faithful forever. You will be forever. You will be faithful. You are [Applause] all your promises are yet one. Fable [Music] you are forever. You will be fable. You are all your promises are yes and amen. Hallelujah. You know in the Sunday school lesson we're talking about fathers disallowing if a daughter made a covenant. I'm so glad my father disallowed the devil's covenant with me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. That's all disallowed. Amen. And now I'm his child. Amen. Walking yay and amen in his promises. Love the Lord this morning. You know, Brother Joe's not here. Brother Charles was probably he's in the fellowship hall, but he's hurting pretty good. Want to remember him this evening. Our sister Deborah is in church this morning. So, we want to thank God for that. Amen. We want to keep holding her up in prayer for full recovery. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. I love your people, Lord. Lord, we're so thankful that you first loved us. Therefore, we could turn around and love you, Father. And Lord, we had quite a blessing last night, last evening, worshiping you in song and spirit. And Lord, today we come for the same thing. To worship you in spirit and in truth. The gift you bring before us to break the bread of life. Father, move the man aside. Let the gift that you have given have free reign. I bless your people. Bless those that are streaming. Father and Lord, we want to remember ours that are sick and hurting. Whether it be physical, whether it be mental, whether it be hearts, we lift them up before you, Father. This life is nothing but a a trial. But Lord, you give us the strength to go through it. That we could be trophies in your grace cabinet. Father, as we collect the tithes and offerings, Lord, we pray you bless that cheerful forgiver. Lord, just let us open up our hearts. Surrender all that we are. Forgive us for our shortcomings. We praise you for the sacrifice that you made for us. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Rise among us. Let the glory of the Lord say rise among us. [Music] Let the songs of our Lord. [Music] [Applause] Let the songs of our Lord, let the joy of our King [Music] say. [Music] Somebody say, "Oh, let [Music] the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the praise of our king rise among us. in your eyes. [Music] Let the songs of our Lord rise among us. Let the songs of our Lord rise among us. Let the joy of our king rise among us. Somebody say [Applause] somebody say oh let it rise. [Music] Let the glory of our Lord say, [Music] Let the glory of our Lord, let the praise of our King, let her sing, oh Somebody say, "Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] One more time. Amen. [Music] Yes. The world will bow down and say you are God. [Music] Every man will bow down and say you are king. [Music] So let's stars right now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in victory. King of glory. Feel this place. Just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. [Music] King of glory this place. I just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. Yes. The world will bow down and say you are God. Every man will bow down and say you are king. So let's start right now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in victory. King of glory be this place. Just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. [Music] King of glory fil. I just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. Let's sing the verse now. Yes. The world [Music] will bow out and say you are God. Every man, every man will bow out and say you are king so bright now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in victory. King of glory. Just want to be with you. Let's get a heart away. Oh, just want to be with you. King of glory. King of glory is great. Just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. King of glory, king of glory. build his place. I just want to be with you. How many want to be with him? Just want to be with you. King of glory. The glory filing. I just want to be with you. just want to be with you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's get on over [Applause] to just sing a little bit of Amazing Grace as brother Jason comes on. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that say a rich like me. [Music] I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see amazing grace. Amazing. Sing grace, how sweet. Let's just give the Lord a wave offering this morning. That saves arrange like me. I was was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. Praise God. when we been there 10,000 years Christine [Applause] [Applause] to see God's grace that when we be hallelujah blessed be the name of the Lord. You can be seated. What a beautiful, wonderful sunny Sunday morning. Amen. Sun is shining without and within. We're happy to have all of you here in the house of God with us today. We had a dynamic time last night. Wonderful, wonderful time in the presence of the Lord. And I just want to say again how grateful I am to all the teams that made it possible. All of our local singers. And wow, I mean, y'all visitors don't know, but it sometimes we've got two or three singers that we just have to put on a constant rotation. And when we did this, our singers came out of the woodwork. Like, where where have y'all been all all my life? So, we're going to keep Sister Debbie and I done got a pack. We're going to keep that going. So, all y'all who rarely sing that sang last night are going to get caught on a lot more. Sister Deb, good to have you back. Amen. Good to see her back with us today. Amen. And we're going to get right out of the way and we've got some more singing this morning and then we're going to bring the preacher out and turn him loose. You know, last night and today are a little bit different today. The real the the main part is the word of God. And we're looking forward to that. And we have perfect confidence. Brother Tim, known him for years. I knew his daddy way back in the day. I didn't know him personally, but I remember as a as a young teenager hearing him minister, went on to be with the Lord probably 35 years ago. Brother Tim has carried on and uh he had big shoes to fill and he's done a marvelous job. If you've never been over to that to that area and visit that church, you'd be greatly blessed. Amen. To do it. He's got a unique style of singing. He we we were last night he was singing brother Lennial's song, but of course he bdettized it cuz he bdetizes everything he sings. And I said I told my son Jonathan I we were chuckling over and I said, "And he don't care. the original artist can be sitting right there and he'll still do it. But that's what makes his sound unique and uh so we're we were loving all that last night. We're going to get brother Lennial. He got out of it last night. Had some throat problems. You good to go today, Brother Lennial? Praise the Lord. We're going to get him up here. We're going to start uh this morning and have sister Amber come. And u we sure love Sister Amber. I'm glad that glad that she has agreed to come this morning. She's another one of those we almost have to fight her to get her to sing. And uh she for for those of you who don't who don't know and there were some people Brother Wes was hearing this for the first time. This is Sister Brenda Lewis's daughter. And so uh we think she should sing all over the world, but we're glad we have her here. She's actually her and sister Caitlyn have started helping Brother Tony with a little bit of backup there in the back corner. We're enjoying that. Amen. But praise the Lord. We're so happy to have them and uh want her to bless us with the song right now. Amen. [Music] You could have chosen a prime minister or a king. [Music] You could have chosen great men in palaces who rule and reign. You could have chosen women of great beauty who have everything. Lord, you chose me and I have nothing that I can bring. All I have is the love you gave to me. All I have is the change you made in me. I have nothing that I can give, but all I want to do is live. in you, Lord. I just want to live in you. In the eyes of men, it seems I have no dreams. Floating down a river in an orless boat, it seems. But the guide is here and he's standing at the helm. Though you may not see him, there's a dove that's leading this land. And all I have is the love you gave to me. All I have is the change you made in me. I have nothing that I can give. But all I want to do is live. live in you, Lord. I just want to live in you, Lord. All I have is the love you gave to me. All I have [Music] is the change you made in me. I have nothing that I can give, but all I want to do is live. [Music] in you, Lord. I just want to live in you. [Applause] Up here. We're going to invite Brother Lennial to come at this time. You know, back in the day, I remember when I took my very first missionary trip. I went to the Philippine Islands, Brother James Walls, gone on to be with the Lord now, Brother Mike's, Brother Lloyd's dad, and I was in I was literally, no kidding, I was in a way, way back jungle area where just grass huts and we were holding services back there. And I walked into a grass hut and I heard a familiar voice and it's like brother Wes was talking about. They had an old cassette tape of Brother Lineal singing his songs with the with the with uh Louie and uh Kenneth and and I walked in there and here I am in the jungle of the Philippine Islands and they've got a tape of the of these guys going and I said, "Oh, I I know the J brothers." That almost became like a deity. They were like, "You know the Jans brothers?" I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, they're good friends of mine." Oh my goodness. We love it. So, so Brother Lineal's songs uh have literally went around the world, friends. I mean that literally. I don't mean that just phys figuratively. They have went around the world. They're sung and they bring comfort to the hearts and minds. The lyrics and things that brother Lennal has put together speak to the heart of the bride. And it's almost like if we could give a message to the world, it's almost like what brother Lennal is giving us the words to say. So I want to ask him to come at this time. Come on, brother Lennial. Known him for a long time. Amen. Praise the Lord. You want to use a handheld mic. Okay. I'll let brother John do it. [Music] [Music] You know us for everything she put on. And there's one called Rosemary that helps your memory. [Music] There's a story in the Bible. Oh yes. [Music] The water. [Music] Oh, glorious [Music] message. All is well. [Music] There is a place hallelujah perfect rest behind me. Oh, rest little ride rest. [Music] Now things not worked out like God's people thought. Oh, we're still here fighting the greatest battle ever fought. [Music] We must have faith, Abraham, knowing God's word never fails. If we'll trust in him, we're going to find all is well. Third verse. The years have slowly gone by. All right. Since we thought we'd be gone. [Music] So many become discouraged and walked away. Oh, but that true bride keeps going on. [Applause] There's so much in this message still to be revealed. So much is that has to tell. Oh, if we just trust in him, we're going to find all is well. Help me say, "Yes, all is well. All is well. We've heard the message. Shalom. All is well. [Music] There is a place of perfect rest [Music] by the veil. So rest the bride rest for all is well. So rest for all you well. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Love that song. That's that's one of the what we almost call an anthem. Uh and the bride of Christ. Amen. That might have been the very song that I heard playing when I walked into that Philippine hut. Amen. Brother Wesley. Uh I'm not going to call him Brother Wessles, but that was his name when he was a bouncing baby boy in a play pin. And I used to play around with him in the play pin. And uh now he's big strapping young man with a family of his own. But the the years have developed a heritage between his family and our family. My mom and dad go way back with his grandparents. Amen. And it's meant a lot to me. My wife and I were even reflecting on it this morning. um you know because he my whole life from a very young age from a very young age I had a great I felt a great affinity um before I started preaching and then especially when I started preaching I had such an affinity with brother Biscll's ministry and um was close to that family for years actually lived up there in British Columbia moved up there as a as a teenager that's when I knew Wes as a baby and um and now here it's come full circle. And now here I was looking last night and here's, you know, my sons and daughter-in-laws and grandchildren sitting over at a table and here's Wes right in the big middle of it and they're all talking and laughing. I just thought, "Wow, the circle of life. This is how God has orchestrated it to have brother Wes come all the way back around and be a blessing to my family that I invested in." Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So the, you know, the Lord says, "Cast your bread upon the water." Sometimes it can be many days, but after a while, it it it'll come back. It won't return void. Brother Wesley, come on. I think you got one you're going to do, and then maybe your son was going to do one. Oh, okay. So, but we're we're getting more than just one total, right? Yeah. Good. Okay. Amen. Use that white. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. So appreciate this music. Amen. the atmosphere and how special it is to be here. Brother Jason, those words, God bless you. Amen. Appreciate Brother Tony and these musicians up here. My goodness, you are a blessed people. Amen. I think we can give them a hand. Amen. That's a lot of work. also want to say I appreciate all the effort that this church puts into the youth camp. Uh I don't know if you get enough thanks for that or not, but what an outpouring of the Holy Spirit and uh the investments like brother Jason said, my children have received greatly from those services and that that camp and so have I my family. So thank you for that. the enormous expense that must go into something like that. Uh we appreciate you for that. So God bless you. Amen. This ministry here. God bless you. Amen. This song is uh a song we sang at a funeral for a dear friend of ours. It's called I Raise a Hallelujah. This was her theme song while she was battling cancer. God took her home. The last line is death is defeated. The King is alive. Amen. And I just wonder what it was like when she crossed over and was looking in the face of her king knowing death was truly defeated. Amen. We certainly appreciate that testimony. [Music] I raise a hallelujah [Music] in the presence of my enemies. I raise a halleluer [Music] than the unbelief. I raise a hallelujah. [Music] My weapon is a melody. I raise a hallelu. [Music] Heaven comes to fight for me. I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. [Music] Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. life. I raise a hallelujah with everything inside of me. I raise a hallelu. [Music] I will watch the darkness flee. I raise a hallelujah in the middle of the mystery. I raise a hallelu [Music] fear you lost your hold on me. [Music] Oh, I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. [Music] Sing a little louder in the presence of my enemies. Sing a little louder, louder than the unbelief. Sing a little louder. My weapon is a melody. Oh, sing a little louder. Heaven comes to fight for me. Sing a little louder, louder than the unbelief. Sing a little louder in the presence of my enemies. Sing a little louder. My weapon is a melody. Oh, sing a little louder and a little louder. I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Oh, louder and louder. I'm going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. I raise a hallelujah. [Music] I raise a hallelujah. I raise a hallelu. I raise a hallelu. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I love my boy. I'll tell you that. Amen. He loves the Lord. And I know the Lord has him. Amen. And all of our children. We can claim it, can't we? Amen. We put the blood on the door. Amen. We trust that this morning it'll hold. I promise you. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing this together. Amen. One of my favorite songs. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay. Oh yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I'm able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Don't you? Oh, you have led me through the fire in darkest. Oh, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. Oh, and I will see. for the goodness. Oh, let's stand and worship him this morning. Give him praise. All my life. Oh my life. You have Oh, don't hold back. He's been faithful. All my life. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath, with every breath that I am able. [Music] Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Oh, let's sing that again. I love your voice, Lord. I love your voice. It's led us. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no one. Oh, I've known you as a father. Oh yes, I've known you as a friend. Oh, I know. Oh, the goodness of God. For I know my life. All my life. Faithful all my life. So good for every breath. [Music] I will sing. Oh yes. Of the goodness of God. Your goodness, Lord. Your goodness is running out. It's running in. Oh hallelujah. Your goodness, Lord. Your goodness is running in. It's running after me. Oh yes. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running air. It's running out. Oh, your goodness, Lord. Your goodness is running out. Oh, it's running after me. Yes, Lord. your goodness. This is running after. It's running out. Oh, with my life with my life down. I surrender now. Oh, I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Oh, and all my life. All my life you have been faithful. All my life All my life you have been. Oh, with every breath, every breath that I am, I will sing of the gift of God. All my life. Oh my life. Oh my life. You have been faithful. Faithful. All my life. Oh my life. You have been so so good. With every breath, every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. We can praise him. Oh, praise your name, Lord. God bless you. Hey, stay right there. We'll we'll come back to that again. We're going to change the order of the service. Amen. Praise the Lord. You ready for the word of God? Amen. We're happy to have brother Tim here with us today. Amen. We uh next time we get him, we're going to get his whole tribe over here. We might get his whole church to close down and come on over here with us one of these Sundays. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. But then he might make us return the favor. So, Amen. But it's been a wonderful time. Brother Tim is a wonderful friend. Have great confidence in him and we're very careful who we uh allow in this pullpit. We have a wonderful ministry team here and we have a brothers that come through for us, but we're very careful and very selective. And I love Brother Tim. Love him as a person. Love his ministry and song and his ministry in the word. And when you put all of that together, it makes for one dynamic package. So, we're going to have brother Wesley just uh go through that one more time and let Brother Tim transition over, giving you undivided attention to the word. We got all afternoon for fellowship. We got a big dinner and we're going to make all of you stay over and eat. Help us eat up all this food. But uh right now we want to turn to our spiritual food first. You ready for that? Amen. Lead us again, Brother Wes, as we transition. All my life. Oh, and all my life. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good with every breath with every breath that I am. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, let's sing it now. Oh, and all my life. All my life. faithful all my life. All my life so so good. We dance and we pray. Lord, I am I will sing of the good days of God. Oh, let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Ah, Brother Wes. Awesome, man. I don't even want to sing. Love you, buddy. You can be seated for a moment. We want to get right into the preaching because I I've got some I think some wonderful things that been up since about five o'clock studying, walking the floor, crying, praying, crying, praying, walking the floor. So, I had everything laid out what I wanted to preach for two weeks and six o'clock this morning, it changed. Y I don't like that though. I don't like that. But the boss man changed it on me. So, uh, he got a habit of doing that. But do you love him today? Ain't he wonderful? It's hard to come behind that. And all these singers, man, these musicians. It's been an honor to be here this weekend. Wow. This has been just wonderful. God's so good to us, ain't he? To have believers such as this. Can I sing uh Can I sing a lineal song? I don't know if I remember the words to it, but uh uh do y'all have uh I love the song. I sing it everywhere I go, especially at some from funerals and different places. Uh there'll be another spring to me. That's just that's that's a song. Wow. That's a song. I can't sing it like this guy sings it. But as he says, I bettize everything. So Y'all have that song? I think I remember most of it. You sang it, Benny. I'll watch your lips. In the spring of my life, everything is blooming pure and wine. Running play through fields of green. listening to the robin sing. Then came the summer of my life. [Music] Lazy days and starry nights. Then every end. Felt that cool September wind. [Music] I've reached autumn. Nights are getting cold. Leaves are turning red and gold. Hard for me to realize [Music] that I'm getting old. Seems like only yesterday. My hair wasn't gray. I won't worry about those things. There's going to be another spring. Sing it with me. There'll be another spring. I'll be young again. Hallelujah. I believe the truth. I'll have eternal you. There be another spring. [Music] I'll run again. I'll laugh and sing. In a place where time won't mean a thing, there'll be another spring. There'll be another spring. I'll be young again. I believe the truth. I'll have eternal you. Aren't you glad there'll be another spring? [Music] I'll run again. I'll laugh and sing. In a place where time don't mean a thing. There will be another spring in a place to where time don't mean a thing. There'll be another spring. [Music] Amen. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. Especially since I'm 60 years old this this year. We all can relate to that. My dad passed away at 45 years old. Back then, didn't you know? I thought 45 was old. I'm 60 and now I'm wondering if that's old. But I'm telling you, we're going to a another place and we're going to be young again. And I can't wait to get there. Is that the way you feel today? Do you love him? Have you enjoyed the weekend? Oh yeah, God's good to us. Ain't you friends? Let's sing this song. Tricius, I love this song. Go plead with your mother or the words of Hosea as they send his children to extend his mercy. So they journey down the old path that led to much destruction. All the while their loving hearts were hurting. Their hopes was crushed inside. Their compassion was denied. And the woman they so love seemed a stranger. Heartbroken and alone, they took the long road back home. For sin now rained and hope seemed to change her. One day the word was told. There was some slaves being sold. Restless heart sosian seeking. One by one they brought them in. They were beaten down with sin. Within his chest his anxious heart was beating. All at once she caught his eye. From his lips the bids were so high. She could not believe the voice that she could hear. [Applause] He threw judgment to take her life. Forever ended pain and strife. What was happen as she saw him drawing near her? I've come to take you home. Said, I know that you've done wrong. you. I'll give my life through the sorrow, the pain, and the strife. I cannot let you go. [Applause] Oh, we going to leave the past behind. [Music] Love conquered one more time. [Music] He took her hand and said, "There's a new day ahead. I've come to take you home. [Music] I've stood in that same place. Bound by sin, a broken slave. From the depths of my despair, I prayed for mercy. I heard his word. The price was paid on the cross that day he gave. And he said, "The seed of God is in me all at once. My conscious awoke. I found out seven seals broke. And I found my name revealed upon that book. The veil fell from my eyes. I looked inside and I saw that mighty God. As he was looking, he said, "I've come to take you home." Said, "I know that you've done wrong, [Music] but for you, I gave my life through the sorrow, the pain, and the strife. I cannot let you go. [Music] We going to leave the past behind. Love conquered one more time. He took my hand and said, "I've got a new day. I've come to take you home. [Music] I'm so glad of that. There's such a hope. I don't have to just have a hope like most the world has a hope, but it's a hope. And when you see the word hope in the scripture, it means there's a confidence in that hope that there's something greater than this. Brother, sister, there's something greater than what we have today. Don't you love him? Ain't he wonderful today? He's good to us, ain't he? As we go into the word, let's sing the song we closed with last night, If Not for Grace. I guess that's one of my favorite songs. It's amazing how it was wrote, but there just something about it. Would you stand with me and sing it with me today? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case. an empty place. [Music] If not, oh, let's say it with all your heart now. Where would I be? He only knows. [Music] I'm glad you see [Music] through eyes of love. Thank you, Lord. I was a hopeless case and in Jesus me if not. Oh, hallelujah. Listen now. And I thank you for things I cannot see. You've been a shelter in the storms of life, a shield surrounding me. And I thank you for the mercy you proided. And I know you could have walked away. You stayed a thousand times. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound I was once lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Hallelujah. I was a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Listen. Oh, and I thank you for the things I cannot see. [Music] You've been a shelter in the storms of life, a shield surrounding me. And I thank you for the mercy you provided. And I know you could have walked away. You stayed a thousand times. Amazing. Great. [Music] How sweet the sound. I was once lost, but now I'm found. [Music] I was a hopeless cave, an empty place if not for grace. I was a hopeless case, [Music] an empty place if not for grace. [Music] I'm going to make it. He already said I would. I keep on trusting that he work in everything and he walks beside me and heaven my view. Oh, I'm going to make it. All the singing, little church. Hallelujah. Well, I know I'm going to make it. He's already said I could [Music] keep on trusting. He's working everything for my [Music] Oh, he walks beside me. and heaven in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it. [Music] You set the tone for this service today. Not me. You set the tone for whatever happens in this service. You set the tone. Brother Jason does it. He can do his part. Studying at home in the study, praying. These other ministers can do their part. But you set the tone. [Applause] There's anything that's possible. Amen. With God. You believe that? Anything is possible with God. Let me say it's been an honor to be here and a privilege. I appreciate being here. I try to get him to speak. just let me sit in this seat and I'd be just as happy. I know. But I still had to try. But uh to be able to speak in front of Jason and these brothers here and Jason Dear I got to meet and several I probably don't know five or six ministers here. What in the world am I doing up here? But I'll give it my best and we will have church because I done had church at the house. So this is my second service this morning. Amen. If you have your Bibles, turn with me to Ruth one for a scriptural reading. Now I I don't have all those fangle stuffs these guys use. I I don't use computers. I'm not against them. I just don't know how to use them. So, actually, Brother Jason, I went and got me one the other day. Lane said, "What you going to do?" I said, "Well, I'm going to try to start using computers." She said, "Yeah, that'll be the day. That'll be the day." And uh she said, "You can't be still long enough to use a computer." So, I don't use them. They use them nice computers and set them up and all that. And there's nothing wrong with it. Praise the Lord. But I'm o. So I hope that's all right with y'all today. And I may try to get where I can use that thing and scroll that thing. I don't know. It's not looking too good. My wife said,"Tim, there's no way. You'll never." I had a couple ministers call me said, "I tell you what, go get you one." Told me the one to buy and let me know and I'll come set it up for you and I'll show you how to use it. I ain't called him yet. So God's still good, ain't he? Amen. Amen. Ruth 1:1, I want to read a portion of scripture here and then we're going to look at a few things is so critical and so powerful and why I said that you set the the the the uh the focus of how the service will go today is upon you. I want to speak on a subject, brother Jason, on God's law of environment. God's law of environment. Brother B said God has a law. So if we come out of that law, then God's not obligated to do what he said he would do because it was us that got out of the law. Wow. Not God. You understand? And I I'll bring this about. And now I preached on this for six months at home. So I'm not going to be able to preach six months on it here. So I'm going to highlight it. Hit it quick. Fast. Have a fork. Just start eating. In the first chapter of the first verse, now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled that there was a famine in the land and a certain man Bethlehem went to sojourn in the country of Moab. He and his wife and his two sons. May the Lord add his blessings as you're seated. I won't keep you standing. And he name of the man was Elch. And the name of his wife was Naomi. And the name of his his two his sons were uh his sons were Malon and Cleon uh Ephritus the Bethlehem Judah and they came into the country of Moab and continued there. And Elc's Naomi's husband died and she was left and her two sons. They took unto them wives of the women of Moab and the name of one was Ofra, the name of the other was Ruth. They dwelt there for 10 years. There's very familiar scripture reading, but let's just read this word. And Melon and Chillin died also both of them and their women was left of their two son, her two sons of her husband. Then she arose with her daughters-in-law when she might return to the country of Moab. For she had heard in the country of Moab how the Lord had visited his people and given them bread. I want to look at two components this morning that God has gave us. two vital components for us to have a spiritual life. We're not here on the earth just to say, "I believe God sent a prophet." I'm not here just to say, "Well, I believe the message." The devil believes in the prophet. The devil believes in the message. As I said last night, he met him quite often. But we're here for something else that's greater than just saying, "I believe the message or I believe God sent a prophet." Of course, we do believe that. But I want to look at the two vital component components of spiritual life that we have upon this earth. And those words is word or bread which means word or praise. Bethlehem means bread which is word. Judah represents praise. Now if you watch the scripture here, God is actually and I may read some more. God is actually, let me tell the story just for a few minutes. And we know that Naomi says we're going to go back home. We're going to go back to where we come from. And she says, "Well, the two daughters going to go." She said, "No, y'all stay here." And I'm paraphrasing to save time, and you can read it later. And she says, "No." She said, "I want y'all two to stay here. Uh uh uh because there's nothing there for you. I want y'all to just stay here." So, one of them said, "Well, I I'll stay here." And she said, "Well, I bid you goodbye. Will you stay here?" The other one, Ruth, says, "I'm going with you." Long story short, I'm going with you and I'm going to your your people's going to be my people. Your God's going to be my God. Wherever you lodge, I'm going to lodge. Wherever you die, I'm going to die. So she comes to that spot in her life. Now they're going back. Notice I I was listening to brother Brown what reading something brother said this morning. He said it's so amazing. He said they actually didn't have to leave Bethlehem. Go read the quote. Many stayed there. Now look at it very quickly if we could. But God is actually letting us know that if we're not in a place where we can receive bread or receive word and praise, then we're not able to sustain the life that God has given us. There has to be if God called me to this message and he called me to believe it and he called me to be a minister and he called me to be a a a singer and he called me for all these things. And I don't know why he would call me for that cuz I don't think I'm good at none of them. But yet, if he called me for that and he called you for whatever God called you for, he had to give you something to sustain you. He didn't just put you on the earth and say, "Here, believe this and go." No, there's got to be something to sustain what God placed you in. God is actually has brought the word and praise to a place of environment in which God dwells. The Bible said God inhabits the praise of his people. So there's a place where God actually dwells. Would you say amen? Now nobody here's the thing in the age and the hour we live in. If you watch the world and the environment of the world has totally changed from when I was a young boy. It's totally changed from when I remember coming up in church in 13 12 13 14 15 in daddy's church there and visiting other churches all in North Carolina and Tennessee when I was a young boy. The environment has actually changed. We live in a day where everybody wants entertainment, but yet nobody wants to participate. Well, if I can go somewhere and I I I I'll let I'm just going to use Brother Jason. I'm just going to use the church cuz this is where I'm at this morning. Well, if I can just come and hear Brother Jason and brother Matt saying and these musicians, you know, I'm just going to sit and just listen to them. Nobody want I'm not pointing this at any person. Please understand me today. You have to participate. That's right. In order to receive something from these two vital components that God has given us to have on this earth, you have to participate in this hour. Everything on earth has its own environment for it to be sustained upon this earth. Now, in Genesis 1, the Bible tells us, and I'm paraphrasing. I happen all of it wrote down, but I'm paraphrasing to the same time. It says in the beginning God created. Now notice if you go on and read further it says God made. Now God the word created and made is two totally different words. The Bible says as he created we know that he created the earth and the world and it was total darkness in Genesis 1. We find it total total chaos and just oh my it was in a mess. There was no environment for anything to live. So now God comes to the place where he begins to create things. He wants to create the vows and the fish and the different things. So he has to be able to make a water for the fish to live. Why? It's its environment. If you take a fish out of water, you take it out of its environment. That fish can't live. It will die. You understand? It's very simple. So I'm just taking a thought uh maybe just an evangelistic st thought this morning. It takes the sky when he placed all these millions of stars and galaxies and all this in the air. He placed it there and he placed all the gases in order for the stars to hang there. Why? It's in its environment. If you take it out of its environment, they will fall. They can't sustain if you take it out. The stars needed that to keep it burning. It needs all the gases of the atmosphere and the universe to keep each star and the light burning. The ground has nutrients it needs to sustain plant life. Whatever is in the ground, God knew he would need it there because there was going to be something that needed what was in the ground. So, he had to make the environment that would sustain the life of the fish, to sustain the life of the plants, to sustain the life of the trees. Is that right? It's the same way for you and I. Do you believe that? God knew there would be a message come. God knew I was going. He was going to send a prophet. He said, "I'm going to send one." Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, Revelation 10:7. I'm going to send him. But notice, he couldn't send him in any other age. Why? The environment had to be right for people to be on the earth that would believe that message that he said. Why? It would take that environment to sustain the life of the believer. Hallelujah. I don't know why preachers wear these things. It would take that message. I cannot sustain life off of Methodist and Baptist. Come on. I'm not putting nobody down if they're Methodist Baptist. God bless you. I'm just talking about the understanding. There'll be a lot of Methodists and Baptist and Presbyterians and Pentecost. Heaven will be full of all of that. I said heaven will be full of all of that. Your pastor believes that, so y'all should. But we're on a different scale and we're not better, but there's a predestination and a choosing and a selection and a though what God had collectively called us. And he said, "Now if Kim Bernett and Jason Watkins and there's going to be people on this earth, they're going to be in Buford, South Carolina. He's going to go down there and preach a message in 2025 of April the May the 18th. So I'm going to send a message that he will be able to preach there." Why? He has to be in that environment in order for them to be sustained what they believe to be sustained in the life that Jesus Christ has called me to be and called you to be. You understand? If the ground has nutrients, the water's there for the fish, the trees is ever there for the sun and the shade, then God did the same thing for humanity. So when you take these things out of that environment, Brother Jason, then they die. Take the fish out, it dies. Take the trees out, the sun burns up everything. God knew exactly how to place everything where it needed to be for the environment that it was going to be in. Oh my. God said, "I can't send Tim Bernardet to a denominational church." God says, "Ain't no way he can sit there and hear that." He says, "So, I got to have an environment for him. I've got to place something there on the earth that he needs. I know he's going to need it cuz I'm God. I I know everything." He says, "So, I got to place that there that he'll have something to sustain the life that I'm going to give him." Yes, sir. Hallelujah. There's going to be a message to come that'll sustain the body of Jesus Christ. It'll sustain the life that's inside of the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. If I came from God, then my sustainment is in God. Yes, sir. If my if if I come from God and we heard the saying, I come from God, I go back to God. Brother Brown tells us all the time, then there had to be something on here to sustain me. Amen. There had to be something of an environment that where I came from. Oh, hallelujah. I came from God. Then there's nothing that can satisfy me but God. There's nothing that can satisfy me but an environment of this message. That's the truth. Amen. I need that kind of environment to live. Oh God, help us to understand it. We come to the place where people don't want to participate. And I'm looking at bread, Bethlehem, and Judah, which is praise. Brother said, "You always notice Judah comes forth with praise." He said, "When it's the end, Judah brings it back up with praise." That's why you have a song service. What is it to do? to bring you into a participation. Can you imagine how these singers and these men and other women that would play this music, if you just sat on your hands, I bet you they ain't going to play here for long. If you don't participate, what are they doing? They're bringing an environment that you can worship. Yes. I don't know if I sung the song last night that Kenny Henson wrote. I've been to heaven, but I never left the room. Yes, sir. Did I sang that last night? I didn't. I sang it before I leave then. But the song tells us, I'm able Hallelujah. I'm able to leave this building, but yet still be in the building. I'm able to leave my pew but yet still be in the pew. Why? because it's able to go into another realm. Why? That environment draws me there. Matthew 6:9, Jesus tells them how to pray. I quoted it last night. He says, "Our Father, which are in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth." Notice where he wanted to be in earth. And because it's already there, so the environment in heaven, he says, I want that environment on the earth. Amen. You can't have two different environments. Amen. Don't work. You've got to have believers has to have the same environment. Can you say amen? And we there's so many folks come to the place, well, you know, I really don't fit in here. You know, nobody just they really don't like me. Quit thinking that nonsense. You know, they really don't miss me on Wednesday night. You know, I used to, you know, I used to get involved a little bit, but you know, it's different now. It's a little different. I I I I I I I you know I I just can't seem to get involved. Why? Jason ain't changed. He still preaches the same word. He still preaches the same environment. Amen. What's he doing? He's trying to pull the church up and elevate them to a place that they can oversee all the problems and troubles and trials that the enemy is trying to do to you. But when you're in it and you're looking at it, you got to get above it. That's why he says, "I've been I've been to heaven, but I never left the room." Amen. Paul tells us, "I was called up into the third heaven." Brother Brandham was caught up. Do you think they're the only ones that can be called up? You have the ability with the components that God give you and I a praise in the word or bread and the praise. Why both of those component is very vital to you serving the Lord Jesus Christ. Well, I'm just not going to clap no more. and I just don't feel like I'm going to praise him no more. I'm just not going to do Well, they didn't sing the right kind of song. Well, you know, I I I that's just not my style. We all have different styles. I can't sing like brother Lennial. His style is totally different. That's why when I sang a song of brother lineals, it's totally different way he wrote it. That's my style. I told these brothers yesterday and these sisters, I'm totally different. I play totally different. First of all, I can't play. I just get by. I said, but guys, gals, if you don't, you know, this this is just me. This is what you get. Amen. Now, I can't take the songs that our precious brother Wes and sing them and make it do what he does. I wish the Lord I could when he sits down and he opens that mouth, he knows how to bring that anointing. But his style is totally different. Well, they didn't sing the song that I like. You know, I just don't I didn't want to worship. Listen, friends, if you're here, there's a purpose. Amen. But if you'll get off of them pews and get in that environment, it don't matter what song these men and women sing. It don't matter what they play. Let them pull you up into that environment. Bless churches get all over me. Praise God. Well, you know, Brother Tim just this and brother Tim, I've had some of them to tell me, "Well, Brother Tim, when he gets up there and sings, he he just wants to entertain people." Well, I definitely sure don't want to bore you. So, if you want to call it entertaining, well, you go right ahead and call it what you want to call it. But I don't want you sitting there going to sleep on me. I don't want to bore you and say, "Brother Tim, he just bores me." You know, and some say, "Well, he bores me." Some says, "Well, had a few preachers that sent out sent out some things." We know that Tim Burden, he he he he he's just an entertainer. Well, thank you. My my my purpose is to be able to to be able to bring you up. That's right. Not that I'm higher, not that I'm greater, not that I'm smarter, because I'm sure you I'm dumber than all of y'all. But God has given something that would be able to bring you up in an environment to where you look and see, wow, I didn't know this was up here. Why? He created that for you. He created that so you could climb in that environment. Why? It's God's law. The law, the environment that we live in, we can survive. Get out of it and you die. Notice they lived in Bethlehem, Judea. They lived in bread. They lived in word. They lived in praise. But watch the scriptures. When they left, what happened? They died. Every time. Leave the word and you'll die spiritually. Yes, sir. Well, I just don't know if brother rounds a prophet or not. That's not up to me and you. I say when person leaves, go in peace. Just keep that mouth shut. Amen. Because if you don't understand it, let it go. What they don't realize, that's an environment that some people have to live in. God brought it to the earth in the seventh church age that you and I would have some bread, that we would have some praise. Oh, but brother Tim, we're in the messes now. We don't need praise. We don't need worship. You must be Baptist. It's a part of the environment that God calls us into. Well, brother Tim, I don't I I I don't I don't scream like you. I don't holler like you. I don't jump like you. I don't shout like you. God don't want you to do what I do. That's right. God don't want you to do that. God wants you to be what he made you. But I assure you, he made the same environment that would bring each one of us up into the place. The same message can speak to every heart. Wow. If there's 100 to 125 here this morning, I don't know, but the same message can speak to every individual as it's preached. That's the kind of God we serve. That's the kind of bread. Hallelujah. That's the kind of bread we got. That's the kind of praise we got. It's not a fake praise. It's something that God give us. Brother Ram said, "I found myself going around and around and around and around that oak tree when I looked at that eagle there." He said it took one big old leap and jumped off and got a breeze upon it and it sailed clean out of sight. Can you imagine your prophet going around and around that oak tree? I can. If I'd have been there, I'd have been running right behind him. When they left Judah, they begin to die off. The the environment that we must live in is the word for the day. Yeah. Not a word that's back yonder. Not a message is back yonder. We didn't come to look at each other's standards. I'm not worried about your standard. I'm not worried about what you wore today. I don't care what you wore today. If you wore flip flops, I don't care. You wouldn't never catch me in a pair of flip flops, but if you wore them, then God bless your heart. We don't come for that purpose. We don't come to see somebody else's standards. And that's the problem today. We're so busy looking it around at so and so and brother this and sister this. I I didn't come to see how well you was dressed. Well, you know, they dress here. It doesn't matter to me. I come to worship. I come to get bread. I come to praise. Yes sir. Your environment is everything. And in that environment, you need it. You take a person. How many's ever heard of my pillow? I got one. They sleep pretty good. Here's a plug for old Mike Lindell. Mike Lindell has a big company out in uh uh Minh Minneapolis somewhere out that way. And and all he hires is drug dealers. I mean drug people that use drugs. That's who he hires cuz he was a he was a a druggie himself. Was on the streets most of his life. He was he was terrible. I have friends that work with me. I I I the some of the guys that work with me, I've been with friends with them 35, 40, 45 years. I mean, I've watched them be get on drugs and it take them from working with me and next week they're in in jail for 15 years. I don't have a job where I sit in the office by myself. I have a job around the world. My environment every day is around the world. Everybody I work with is drug addicts mostly. If not, they're drinkers. But that's the environment that I'm in constantly. And I watch these people. I watch this good friend of mine. He went into prison for 15 years. When he got out, I went down to Aken, South Carolina and got him. when he walked out, pulled him right back on my crew like he never left. I said I said, "You going to make it this time?" He said, "The only way for me to survive, I have to change my environment." So, he comes back. He finds him a house. He's got a wife, got a couple of kids, grandkids. He finds a place that is secluded from his old neighborhood. I said, "Do you ever see any of these?" And I call, he said, "Well, I see them walking down the street." He said, "But Timothy, I can't stop and talk to him and fellowship with them." He said, "If I don't change my environment, I'll find myself back in that." So, Mike Lindell was a druggie. Bad. bad, bad. Opened a company, started making pillows, making my coffee now, making uh h my my pillowcases and everything you can make. My pillow makes it. And the people that work for him is druggies. He pulls them off the street, sent them through their class thing, and he hired them. He has helped hundreds and hundreds. Why? He pulled them from an environment that they that they lived off of and placed them in another environment. Yeah. And every one of those people that work for him claim Jesus Christ. Now they don't know what we know far as understanding with the message, but they do know of an environment. They knew they had to change something or they'd find themselves in the same place. I know people personally that I I that I try I've talked to and tried to get off. They don't. There's many people don't want off of drugs. They don't want to change the environment. They they they they thrive for that environment. But there's people that wants off of it. If you can give them a little nudge and a little help. It'll pull them off of the streets and put them right in a AA meeting. And that's what they believe in. I'm not against that. It's there to help people. So the environment that people are in, if you want to change, you've got to pull away from that. If there's an envir if if I was in a church that was dead, that didn't like music, didn't like singing, I wouldn't last five seconds. Amen. Amen. They might have the greatest preacher there is. I wouldn't last five seconds. Why? Because that environment, Brother West, is a part of my life. Amen. That's right. Amen. That part of the environment is a part of who I am. God created me that way. So, it takes that that environment for me to live off of, for me to to to sustain what's inside of me. I don't want a dead church. I ain't going to a dead church. You understand? If you don't take that guy away from the environment, he'll be back on drugs next week. That's right. You have to change the people that you're around. You understand? Now, I'm not going to get nowhere near through with this, but I'm going to try to jump. So, the environment must change for that person to survive. And it's the same way in the spiritual side. Once you begin to to be able to follow Jesus, the people that is around you will not understand. You don't take that person and throw them away because you we may think we're a little higher because we are Christians now and I don't talk like if I went by the way people talked around me. I never go to work because they say words I've never heard. Now there's a lot of people in the message, a lot of people may be in here that don't have to be around that. You don't you have no idea. There's two kind of rough rough people and they're painters and roofers. I don't know if there's no painters in here or not. Doesn't matter to me. I know a lot of painters. Plumbers, too, then. But if you had to work around me with one day, I don't know how many messes people would last, Brother Jason. Cuz I hear words I didn't even know were there. Amen. And most of these people has respect for me because they know who I am. But some of them just could care less. Sometimes it aggravates me and I'll tell them to go get an English book. I told one, I said, "Do you know English?" He said, "What do you mean?" I said, "I'll have you one tomorrow." So the next morning I brought a book in. He said, "What's this?" I said, "This is for you to learn a new language while you work around me." Well, he got the picture and he changed him to somewhat. But see, if I had to work if I if I couldn't work around that, I I a lot of people would let that pull them over. Cuz remember, whether you realize it or not, most of you don't know me. He does, but he he don't not living with me. He don't know me like who I know me. Cuz there was a time when I was out in the world. Now, I know you people thought I was perfect. I was raised by a message preacher. This message preacher was harder than that. They ain't none of you young girls could live with my daddy. He would done strung you up and hung you. I couldn't go nowhere, do anything cuz it beat me back home. Where'd you go tonight? and I would him haul and go way out through here. He says, "Won't you understand me because I know where you was at." He had eyes everywhere. You wouldn't know it. One day, and I'm not proud to say this, but I was one of those cussers. The more I said, the better I liked it. That's hard to see that in me, ain't it? I come home one day one day and daddy said, "Damn, how can you talk like that out there, but when you come in this yard, you forget everything you say and you you talk totally different?" I said, "I don't know how to do that. I don't know." Really, I do know cuz he'd backhand me. But one day, my environment changed. I didn't have no desire to say a cuss word. Now, that that's about all I ever done. That was really wrong. If you look at the world standards, I didn't drink. I didn't smoke. I didn't care nothing about none of that. I didn't care nothing about running around doing everything in the world. All I wanted to do was cuss and chew the backer. That's all that's all I've really ever done that was wrong to my standards now. Yeah. But one day when God changed my environment, I've never set another one. The last time I chewed, I spit out I don't know what changed in my taste buds. Wow. But I tell you, I love tobacco. I could chew 24 hours a day. Daddy said, "How do you do it?" I said, "I swallow it." He said, "I don't believe you." Cuz he caught me one day with it. He said, "Put it in there and swallow it." He thought he was going to make me sick. I put a big old plug of RJ Gold boy and chomp down on it and swallowed it. He said, "You are a nut." But what he didn't understand, that was my environment. even though he taught me against it. But brother Wes, one day I come home and spit it out and never put a nothing in there. One day I said my last cuss word. Why? My environment changed. I've never had a desire to go back to that environment. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I accidentally said one round mama one time. She said, "What did you say?" I said, "Nothing." She said, "I knew what you said." She said, "I just want to see if you tell me." I said, "What you going to do?" She said, "Oh, I'm waiting. Emanuel comes home." I said, "Well, you can go ahead and whoop me now if you want to." She said, "Nah, I want your daddy to get a hold of this one." And buddy, he did. He did. But see, once the environment changes, I I don't know how it works. I can't, brother said, I can't explain how all of it works. He said, I just know when something changes. Glory to God. I ain't never wanted another child. And after I got saved, I was still young. This is when before I ever started preaching, and I was serving God, you know, to the best of my ability. I go down to Sandy Cooper with a bunch of guys and we fishing. The guys on the boat was was chewing the beggar. He said, "Tim, you used to chew." I said, "Yeah, I don't care about it no more." And I didn't want them to know that I was trying to serve God. And they looked at me and they I thought of Brother, you know, and they said, "Well, Tim, I'll just go ahead and put one in your mouth." Said, "You'll like it again." And I said, and they kept on. I said, "Give me that thing." So, he throwed it over to me and I got a big old chaw red man. I stuck it in my mouth. Made me sick as a dog. Amen. I spit over the boat and started puking and spitting over the boat. He said, "I thought you liked it." I said, "Something's changed." When God changes you, you don't go back. You may fall. You may You're not perfect. You may have mistakes. You may fall, but keep getting up. Try your best to stay in the environment where God brought you to a new environment to sustain you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. When your environment changes, there's many times things will try to pull you back out of that environment. Scriptures teaches that it'll pull you back out of that environment. If we watch the book of Acts there and the environment, if you go to I think I've got it here somewhere. If you go to the book of Acts, you don't have to turn there. I'll just I'll just read it myself. But it's so striking and I love it. Do you love him? I got a couple of quotes I want to read to you in just a moment. Notice Brother Bam said, "In the Garden of Eden, sin was so beautiful until attracted Eve from righteousness to sin. In the same garden where there was a tree of life, there was a tree of death." The same environment there was both trees. So just because you come to serve God, just because you come to be in an environment, it doesn't mean it's not going to try to pull you out of that environment. Satan, the enemy is going to try to pull you out of that environment and constantly let you be around this and that and that and everything else. Watch, brother. He said, "Now we know it today as a law that there where's good, there's evil. Where there's right, there's wrong." He says we will never no matter how our environment may be able to shake ourselves from the presence of either. So both environments is there when you come to church both environments are there. But said that's where the devil likes to go is to church. He likes to go to church more than people like to go to church. So you can't you just don't come to church and get out of that environment. That environment's here with you whether you like it or not. That's where you got to get off the pews and climb into the presence of God. He says, notice, he said, where there's right, there's wrong. You cannot ever, no matter what environment you be in, ever shake yourselves from the presence of either. Paul says, "When I would do good, evil's present." The sinner will never be able to shake itself away from the Christian. The Christian will never be able to shake himself away from the sinner. Oh my. There will be a witness there of right and a testimony of wrong always. And you have to make your choice which side you're on. I'm skipping a lot to get something. Notice Acts 16. Who's having received such a charge thrust them into the inner prisons Paul and Silas and made their feet fast in the stalks. Inner means the inner cell and then if you run it on the spiritual side it means the inner soul. So it's a two-fold meaning. He says the inner prison. The Bible says so at throws them into a inner cell are their soul. And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed and sang praises unto God and the prisoners heard them. And suddenly there was a great earthquake so that the foundations of the prisons were shaken. And immediately all the doors were opened and everyone's bands were loosed. Why? Because they changed the environment. Do you realize? Go back and do a study on the prison that Paul was thw dead where dead men was laying. Rats infested. Human waste never was clean. And they was put in the inner sail of that. They could have said, "Oh, I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm in this place and I can't get out. They could have had They rightfully had every excuse. Woo! Hallelujah. They had every excuse to be frustrated. They had every excuse to actually say, "I I I'm done. I can't do it no more." I didn't do nothing to get in this prison. All I was doing was doing the right things. Amen. Let me show you something. I'll come back to that because I'm going to inject in something here and come back to it in close. If you watch the scriptures or you find that Jesus had 12 disciples, keep acts on your mind. One hung himself. They picked another disciple and made it 12 again. Right? 12 was a very important number to God. It has a couple of different meanings. One of them is completeness. One of them is authority. So the book of acts, they come from 12 disciples to 12 apostles. Now the the the environment had changed somewhat. Four gospels was preaching. Jesus was preaching and it was the acts of Jesus. Now they move into the the the book of acts. Now it's the acts of the apostles. The same men. Amen. same people, but now their environment was different. Jesus wasn't with them, but he had instilled something in them. Oh my. They now notice this, they become the twel apostles. Now their duty, notice this, their duty wasn't just brother Jason to be a pupil. Amen. Now they are to go do what Jesus did. Oh my. I still believe in a body movement. I still believe there's a movement for the body to be in. Notice here in the book of Acts, the energy was changed. Notice as the energy changes now, it changes the environment with it. Amen. As the Holy Ghost came upon these 12 men, they began to preach the power of God under an environment. Amen. that was so under demonstration as they went preaching here and there and preaching and bringing the gospel about. They notice what these men did. They didn't have television host. They didn't have internet host. They didn't have iPads. They didn't have Bibles like we have today. They didn't have radio. They didn't have Facebook. When me and this guy and these other men preach, they preach around the world on Facebook. If somebody wants it, there it is. But these 12 men did something that we can't do today. And we got everything at our disposal. You know what the difference was? Their environment. They preached under the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. They didn't worry about it if it was on cuz cuz I I get so frustrated with Facebook and YouTube and all that. I tell my church, I'm taking it off. I'm sick of all of it. But then I get to thinking, well, maybe one person might hear something that'll help them. So, I try to weigh that thing out. But I begin to think about these 12 men here. They did something with 12 people that is so hard for me and these men to do. and we've got everything at our disposal. Now, I know it's a different age, so I take in consideration of all of that. They packed out churches. Thousands upon thousands upon I mean men and women packed out churches and didn't have no way to advertise it. Amen. But their life cuz they had been in an environment. They had been in an environment that was so powerful. They burned with the fire of God. It was so powerful. It actually changed the acts of the Holy Spirit in such a way that it now come upon these men. And these men were so close under the environment of God. Watch these guys. And the keeper, notice, all the doors were open and the bands were loose. And the keeper of the prison awakened out of his sleep, seeing the prison doors open, drew his sword and was going to kill himself, supposing the prisoners hasn't fled because he knew that they would kill him. And Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, "Do not harm thyself. We're all here." Yeah. Then he called for a light, sprang in and came trembling and fell down before Paul and Silas and brought them out and said, "Sir," notice the first thing, "Sir, what must we do to have what you got?" They brought an environment into the prison that they was changing the prison guards. This man got up that morning to go do his duty as a soldier. did have no idea what was going to take place. Notice what they said. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, thou shalt be saved and thy house. And they spake unto him the word of the Lord to all that were in the house. And he took them the same hour of the night, washed their stripes, and was baptized he and all his straight way. Oh my God. And when he had brought them into his house, he set me before them and rejoiced, believing with God with all his house. I want you to get before I leave and go today and when I go back to upper South Carolina, I want I want you to get this in your spirit so strong that you don't forget about what was preached or said today or sung this weekend. I want you to take it home with you. I want you to understand if I can climb in that environment as that preacher said, I'm going tell you friends, it'll change your life. Young people, it'll change your life. Amen. Paul and Silas noticed all they were doing was going back doing good. They wasn't doing nothing bad. If you read the scriptures, you'll find that there was a woman called Lydia. She was a seller of purple. She was in the city of Tharia. Notice and she worshiped God. The Lord had opened her heart. Watch this. She was baptized and she constrained them to abide at her place according to the Bible. I'm just paraphrasing. And there was another woman there possessed of a spirit and Paul him says this old soothsayer and the people got a hold of it. This is why Paul when he come against that they throw Paul and Silas in prison. But God had already done orchestrated this to take place because he knew what he was going to do in prison. I wish we could do in church what they done in prison. I want to come to church and do what they did in prison and make it happen in church. Woo. Hallelujah. I don't want to come church and stay cold, formal, starchy. I don't want to come to church and stay that way. I want to if I'm different, I want to leave different. Yes, sir. I want to see what they done in prison. Notice they're in prison. The stink of everything is on them. They're bound, their hands, their feet. They can't do nothing. But somehow, Brother Jason, they begin to get up and clap their hands. I can imagine the chains moving. I can imagine all the people was listening at them and they said, "Oh, they're crazy. They're just some of those old Christian folk." But about that time Jesus came down. The same one that Paul was fixing to meet. He that man came down and changed the environment of the prison and men in the prison got saved and believed. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Notice, see the men was using this soothsayer to make money off of her. And they got mad at Paul and Silas cuz now they getting in their back pockets. Oh, you get a person's you get in a person's bill, it's going to change. So now Paul and Silas and got in there the master's bill and they said, "Oh, we ain't having his man. We got to get them guys gone. We got to get them. So they went down to the masters and they said, "These guys are doing this. They've come against this. They're doing this. They're doing that." And they take and put them in prison and God's orchestrated the whole thing. That's right. Why? God had some believers down there in prison. Yeah. He says, "I'm going to put Paul on." And they're sitting there and the Napodium had every right to say, "You wise me. I don't have that right. I live a pretty good life. Y'all live a pretty good life. I don't see no bums in here. Everybody looks like they eating healthy. I'm not saying you're big and fat. I'm saying you look like I don't see nobody's skin and bones. But they had every right to be frustrated. They had every right to sit there and say, "Nobody loves me. I just don't know if I can keep on following this Jesus or not. You know, I never went to prison when I when I wasn't following him. They had every every opportunity to to make it worseer and worseer. They could have got mad. They could have did all this thing. They beat Paul. They beat them. They rent their clothes off of them. The Bible says they laid stripes on them and throwed them in a prison. You understand, friends? But something happened and there's so much in this I can't never get to it. There's no way. But something happened and I could go from story to story to story to story in the Bible. And if I could jump, when Paul and Silas begin to pray, they were so in tune with God that they they're literally in a prison with the stink of a human waste, rats, it's infested. Go pull up how this prison was. It was the worst of the worst. Dead people's laying everywhere and pawn him sitting there. And somehow they begin to sing and clap. How could these men do this? Amen. They could said, "We don't deserve this." And they didn't. All they was doing, Brother West, was doing good. But God had allowed them to be put in that in that place to change the atmosphere. And then Paul started clapping his hands. Silas probably looked at him and said, "Paul, are you gone a little nuts? Do you realize, Paul, where we're at?" Paul said, 'Yeah.' He said, 'But I know if we said here, we'll die in this mess. But Silas, think about it. If we can just change the atmosphere a little bit. Let's change the environment. Silus says, "Why would we do that?" He probably started singing, started clapping his hands, started stomping his feet. Change was rattling. He probably started saying, "I'm one of them." That's right. I'm one of them. I remember my dad saying something, brother Jason, 40 years ago, and he was preaching on something along these lines here. He said, "God got so happy, he couldn't stand it." And said, "God just took that big old foot and hit one time and the whole jail opened up." And they stayed there. They stayed there. They now begin to go in their bread. They had the word. Now they was having to praise. Now they was beginning to interlock it together. Naomi was going back to Bethlehem. There was going back to the house of bread. They were going back to Judah of praise. Praise is a very important thing. It's two vital components that you need in your life. I'm not talking about this this garbage and junk we see all over the world. I'm talking about worship and praise from the hearts of men and women that's filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm talking about praise and worship like you see these guys play music and these gals play and they sing songs. I'm talking about that kind of praise. God inhabits that. He live, notice where he lives, brother Jason. He lives in that praise. He loves to be worshiped. He loves to be praised. I like this. What brother Bam said, brother Bam said in any time that a believer gets off his God-given grounds. He said many times they jump in politics. He said this election coming forth, a good man can be a good man. He'll wander off the grounds like a certain minister and he goes on a few things and a mayor of the city. Then he says, "If a Christian gets off of those God-given grounds," he said, "you'll find yourselves in the poo room again." In other words, if you change your environment, you'll find yourself going back doing the things of the world. He says, he says, "Oh," he says, "Oh, it's not going to hurt for me to it'll do no harm if I get off of these grounds." Brother, I'm portraying this now as environment. If you go read this, he said, "Oh, it's not going to hurt for me to do that. It's I'll do no harm. I'll just take one little drink." He said, "You're off your grounds. Come back." He said, "You're setting your course for trouble." He said, "All the rest of the little girls are smoking a cigarette." He said, "Oh, you say, well, I'll just try one." He said, "You're off your grounds. Don't do that. Stay in your homeland. You say, "Well, everybody's over here and they call me an old fogy. They call me oldfashioned. They call me." He said, "That's where God called you." He said, "Stay there. Stay in that environment that God called you." Let me find a place to close. Oh God, help us today. Imagine we could go into David. We could go. But what strikes me with Ruth, I preached on Ruth for probably five or six months. And I pulled all I pulled every word and everything in. And Ruth goes from before she comes out of the Moabitete country as a gentile comes up there. Don't know nobody. Your God will be my God. Your people be my people. Uh your land will be my land. And she comes where she's nothing to owning the land. A beggar. Now she owns the land. And I'm not breeding it to save time. When we come to church every Sunday and every Wednesday, when these men of God are going to get up here and preach and sing and worship, our thought should be this morning when we come. God, I wonder what you're going to do today. Don't come saying, "Ah, they ain't nothing going to happen anyway." You're bringing the wrong environment outside into the worship house. We're all guilty one time or another. There's been times when I had to go preach. I didn't have no I didn't want to go. I didn't want to be behind that pullpit preaching. That's wrong. That's humanity. But I'm trying to train myself by the according to the law of God's environment. That's good. I'm trying to train myself according to law God's environment law that he placed an environment here that if I can get in that law and then I can bring the people up to that law with me we should be saying God what are you going to do today I I I I the limits are unlimitless I mean he can do anything he wants to whatever you If you can find yourself, musicians, would you come? If you can find yourself coming off of that pew, climbing into that environment, saying, "God, what can you do for me today? Lord, I need this and I need this. My body's sick. My I need the Holy Ghost. I need a double portion." Whatever it is, you're able to find yourself raising into that atmosphere. I've been to heaven and I never left the room. Wow. I've been to heaven, but I never left the room. When you begin to slack off of praise, you can tell it in your life. When you begin to slack off of bread, if you quit eating literal bread, quit eating, you'll you'll get in a bad shape. Take the same analogy. If you quit eating spiritual bread where you used to pray two hours, three hours, whatever it is a day, you'll find yourself down to minutes a day. Where you used to walk around the house clapping and singing a song, you'll find yourself, oh, I don't feel like it. If you're not careful, friends, I'm here to help you, not hurt you in any way. I want you to understand, do your best to stay in that environment. Yes. Whatever you have to do. I find myself on top of this on on top of these roofs and I do a lot of copper work. I do a lot of historical copper work. We make anything and everything. And I'll be working by myself on a certain part and I'm I make it in the shop and I go out there put it on. I have to weld it and do all this stuff to it. And I find myself, brother Jason, I'll pull my phone out and lay it down beside me and I'll pull up some good worship music and song. And I begin to listen to that and I'm working and I find myself crying. I find myself in a position that I'm on this roof. It's hot. I'm sweaty. Tony's on the other side of the roof working or somewhere. We try to separate some on some of the smaller stuff. and you're hearing everybody walk down the the the thing and there and and it's just all the noise of the world and I begin to tune it out and I'm hearing a song from the Henson's or the Crabs or somebody and I find myself not even realizing where I'm at and I'm steadily beating and working because I beat copper. You know the old beaten copper of the old 200 year stuff. That's what I do. I find myself if I just bring that atmosphere on that roof with me and create it. Brother Brandham said the Bible says that we are little creators. Let me go a step further. The Bible says whom the word of the Lord came to. The word which is bread whom that word come to is little gods. That's your Bible. I didn't say that. The Bible did. Which means it's a little G, Brother West. It's a little creator where you have the ability to be in a situation where you can say, "God, I need something right now." When the world seems like it's spinning. Maybe you're getting discouraged. Maybe you're finding yourself slipping into a depression. Maybe you're finding yourself slipping into a place of discouragement that you it's just getting rougher and rougher. If you can find your way to pray, play, begin to sing. Begin to lift your hand. I go up the road and people thinks I'm crazy. I go up the road and my hands is in the air in the car and they passing me looking at me. What is this guy doing? If you seen me go down the road, you would say, "He needs to be on Bull Street. I find myself doing this in the car and just screaming and crying." I wake up at 4:00 this morning. I'm walking and walking the floors. I sit at the table and it's dark and I begin to weep like a baby. Amen. doing everything I can to bring that atmosphere because trust me, Satan wants you to be in a different one. Satan wants you to be so in tune with the other side. He wants to place this issue and this problem and you to have your mind here. He wants He don't mind you coming to church, but don't get involved. He don't mind if if y'all fill this church slap up and you have to put more tears in. He don't care. That's fine. Oh, he doesn't matter. But don't participate. Oh, children, don't be like that. Come to church with an expectation. Come to church that God that you say, "God, I know you're going to do something." Oh, if I could climb into that environment for just a moment, I know something will change. If I can climb into that spot, Brother Jason, where I know he'll come down and meet me there. This is your place. This is where he's called you. Oh Jesus. Naomi goes back to the house of bread. Brings Ruth with her. Boaz, a type of Christ, of course, going to be the kinsman redeemer. Throws a few handfuls of purpose out for her. She's basically a beggar. Goes and lays by his feet and marks where he's laying so she don't lay by the wrong one very quickly. Let me say this. Esther is one of the most greatest books in the Bible. You know what's so powerful? The word God, if I'm not mistaken, don't quote me, go look it up, but I'm gonna quote what I think. I've got it in my mind. The word God is in the Bible in every chapter of the Bible, in every book of the Bible, 3,700 3,878 times, I think. And not one time is it written in the book of Esther. But yet Esther finds her way to come before the king. And the Bible says, Mori says, "Are you here for such a time as this?" The environment, the atmosphere that's around at that time, Hmon's trying to kill all the Jews. And now God places a woman there. And that woman, she's not afraid to go before the king. Why? She's changing the environment. And the king hells out the scepter in type of when we come to him, he hails out Christ. And he welcomes her in his presence. And the atmosphere changes. And now Hmon's on the news instead of Mori. That's right. Cuz God had her there, brother West. For such a time, God has me and you. For such a time as this, the most evil age there is on the earth. The greatest message that ever come outside of our Lord Jesus Christ. And this message is that Lord Jesus Christ. I said this message is that Lord Jesus Christ. And now that same environment's here, we're able to take it and climb into that spot. Just because you're a son and daughter of God, friends, doesn't mean you can't get on the outside lines. That doesn't mean you're not saved. Doesn't mean you're not a good person. It means just line back up. Let's change the environment. Every one of us could use an environment change. Not just me, not just you. Every one of us could use that. You believe that? Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, oh Lord Jesus, let that environment be so strong this morning. Lord, as we bow our heads and we pray, issues, troubles, and problems, Lord, we all got them. But Lord, you sent a way to change that environment that we could climb in it for a moment. We could come in from the outside into a house of bread, praise you and honor you and bring the glory of God. Lord, I pray that you would move upon this church, Lord. May they come Lord continually bring an environment Lord to this building Lord that Lord it captivates the minds and the hearts of this people that when they go out to their workplaces that environment so strong them that it captivates the people that is around them and they wonder oh what do you how I want to taste that and them as sons and daughters of God are able and help. God, we need environment change. May you grant it. If there's any sick, Lord, I pray the Holy Spirit would move from pew to pew. Walk the aisles, Lord. Let me say it this way. Two men on the road down the road. He met Jesus. They don't risen. Jesus, a man steps out of the bushes, comes up to him. He begins to talk to him. They don't recognize him. And they go on down. They're talking. They come in and the and they start to go in the house. And the Bible says, and this is what's so striking. I I I continually tell this to my church. What's so striking is they tell them and the Bible says they constrained him to come in and stay a while. And I told my church, I said, "Constrain him as he's walking down your aisle in your pew. Stop him in his tracks. Constrain him. Pull him in. For whatever you have need of, constrain him. God, I need this. God, my family's here. God, my kids, this. God, this here. Constrain him. Church, Bethl Tabernacle. Constrain him to stay with you a while. Constrain him. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. He's so wonderful, friends. He's so precious today. We're so grateful that he met us this weekend. Oh, would you stand to your feet today and would you give him a hand clap of praise for coming and meeting with us this weekend? [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. CS, would you give me save, please? My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. I want to praise the wonder of your [Music] love. [Music] Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge. Oh yeah. Let every breath And all that I am never cease to worship. Oh, sing. Oh, now shout. [Music] Let us sing. [Music] Mountains bow down [Music] at the sound. [Music] [Applause] I see and the work of your hand. Forever. Nothing compares. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, you [Music] my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you, Lord. I let every breath and all. Oh yes, Lord. Never. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] You're my comfort. You're my shelter. tower of refuge and strength. Lord, let every breath, everything that's in me, Lord, all that I have, all that I am, never cease to worship my Jesus Christ. I will shout to the Lord. [Music] Let us see. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Mountains bow down. [Music] Have a sound. your name. [Applause] I see for joy and the work of your hand. Oh yes, Lord. Nothing compares. [Music] [Applause] Man, that's pretty goodness. Y'all sound good. [Music] My Jesus, my savior, Lord, saint church. I love to hear that. Wow. I love to hear that. All of my days, all of my days, I want to praise. I want to praise [Music] wonders of your mighty love. [Applause] My you my comfort. My shelter. You're my shelter, Lord. Lord of every breath and all. Everything is in me to worship you. Everyone [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Forever compared to the pro nothing to the rock nothing compar nothing nothing compares I have in You give my Jesus a hand clap. Hallelujah. Don't you love him? I come just to be a help to say say something that'll help you. Nothing to hurt you in any if I have you forgive your brother. Brother Jason, if I've said anything that's wrong, you forgive your brother. I'm here for only one purpose. To fellowship y'all. Amen. I'd have been happy sitting in that right there and listen to brother Wes and these guys and these preachers, but I pray something was said when you leave today, take that environment with you. Everywhere you go, remember you have the ability to change it. I didn't say it would be easy. God didn't say it would be easy, but you have the ability to do it. You're God's children. You're God's children. Thank everyone of you if you're coming. My precious buddy, Brother Lee, and Sister Lily, I'm grateful to them to come and support it. Thank you, brother sis. Appreciate each and every one. Brother Jason, love you, buddy. Wow. I've had myself a time. I've had a good time. Brother Wes, I don't get to see you much, buddy, but I sure love you. Sure love that, man. I usually see him one time a year, and that's when we both meet up at Brother Donny's. I guess that's our meeting place. I'll see you in a couple weeks, I guess. But I love you. Appreciate each and every one of you. You ministers, stay on the firing line. It ain't no time to slack up now. Amen. It ain't no time to get slack now, friends. We got to get out of here. We got to go. We got to go, brother. Just think before we ever meet again, brother Jason, he could come. That's it. It's been eight years since I've been something like that. Just thing. It has been too long. Of course, I can't say nothing. It's been that long since you've been to my place. You owe me one now, though. I tell you, he owes me one. Oh, but we love him and brother Matt at our place. Brother Matt came in November, man. He done. Wow. That guy's a preacher right there, man. Y'all y'all don't know what y'all got in that guy. Y'all ever want to get rid of him? Send him to my church. That guy is he's he's amazing right there. That's from my heart, buddy. That guy can preach. He preached a storm up at my church. Everybody's saying, "When you getting that Matt guy back, he's coming soon because, man, I talked to him last night and I got to get Jason." My man, Jason's done some of the most dynamic preaching at my place. Wow, this guy can preach. This guy can preach. I don't even feel worthy to stand on the same pull pit with these guys. They can preach and their life shows it. Amen. I love you, buddy. Appreciate you. These musicians, thank you. I know the work that goes into this. I've done it. There's some work in this, man. Thank you, guys. Sisters, thank you. But God's good, ain't he? You love him today. Amen. Brother Jason, come buddy. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord another hand. [Applause] Wonderful time. What a wonderful weekend. A lot went into it and it was um effort well spent. Praise the Lord. I want to say again how much we appreciate all of y'all coming out. Uh that's the people and we didn't really even hardly invite anybody or announce much because I knew word would get out on its own. And so we probably try to do something like this again real soon. I think we want to make it maybe our thing. And if we're successful in proceliting Brother Wesley here, you'll get to see him here more often. Did I meant persuade brother brother Wesley? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. But don't get in trouble like Louie did getting too much on Matthew because Yeah. He uh he went after my grandkids one time and I I sent him a text. I said, "Brother Louie, I'm glad you love my son, my grandchildren, but if you ever try that again, I'll have you assassinated." Amen. Oh, there's so much. My heart is so full from a sermon like that. I remember years ago when I was just starting to preach and Brother Donnie, it was first time I'd ever heard of somebody say that. Brother Donnie said the one thing that'll make him want to get a hold of a microphone is coming up behind a preacher who can't preach or coming up behind a preacher who can. Amen. And I wanted to get a hold of a microphone because I came up behind somebody who can preach. Amen. I would I would love to go through my notes, but I'd probably make you listen to a whole another sermon. But brother Tim, it was just remarkable. It seems um my goodness, can you imagine that God has this environment on purpose and has you here on purpose? Yes, sir. And now that seems counterintuitive, doesn't it? But we we have counterintuitive things. Less is more. Uh the the you know, Socrates said the the greatest amount of wisdom was knowing that you know nothing. Amen. So, we have these kind of counterintuitive things. And to actually say God literally looks like he allowed the age to just become a a catastrophe and a wreckage and put you here on purpose. What an amazing statement. But that's how God does it. You know, don't insulate yourself from it. You find that people who do that cuz it it gets hard and it gets hot and it gets heavy. And you know what? As pastors we find, I know brother Tim will have a an agreement to this. When we find saints of God, children of God who we know are children of God, but they they insulate their lives from the from the from from taking a stand and facing the heat, walking into the furnace of Leodysia. They just insulate their lives from that. And you know what happens? That weakens your faith. You get carnal and cold. Don't do that. Don't run away from the presence of the Lord. Run toward him. Amen. Friends, he he's got a lot invested to have you here. Amen. Amen. We've been preaching on on a whole series of modern events made clear by prophecy. I thought to myself this morning, I'm going to eventually end this series with a a title called Future Events Made Clear in Prophecy, cuz our future is bright, friends. Amen. The Lord took a Lord invested a lot to get me here, to get you here. And guess what? He He knew exactly who he wanted here. He knew exactly you would be here. He knew exactly all your faults and failures. He knew exactly your weaknesses. And he knew exactly this would be the kind of people that would believe thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. So there I go saying I wasn't going to preach it by the start. Amen. We've had a lovely time. We've got a whole afternoon and they're out there. The sisters are out there already preparing. We got a lot of food. A lot way more than we probably We're gonna have to send some home unless all y'all show mercy and stay around and go in there and eat. Amen. And eat. Help us eat it up. Amen. We've already bought it. We can't take it back. So, uh let's let's get it all and and and have some fellowship throughout the afternoon. We'll keep Brother Tim around as long as we can and uh make him shake everybody's hand and give you a chance to talk to him. Amen. Have you appreciate all of our singers and all of our ministry and all of our musicians and all of our preaching and above all things the presence of the living God among us. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's bow our heads and be dismissed and we'll pray over the meal as well. Father, Lord, our hearts are full today. Oh, Father, what a what a spiritual what a as brother Brandon would say, a gastronomical jubilee, Lord, on the spiritual food, seven course meal that we heard all packed into one sermon. Lord, packed into songs and testimonies just over the last 48 hours. Lord, we feel like we're closer to heaven today. I pray now that you will let us take this spirit of revival into the week coming within our hearts to draw near to you, Lord. not not pull away but draw near oh God to step up to the plate to to endure Lord this age that you placed us here and Father to to throw our shoulders back and march Lord to the step of the gospel. Grant it Father we pray that you'll bless our fellowship throughout the afternoon. Bless the food Lord all the hands that made it possible and that are will continue working Lord. May it may it be pleasing to you and may you be pleased Lord to dwell among us throughout the afternoon. Now we commit it to you in Jesus name. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. Say God bless you. Brother Bram said it's nice thing you can say to someone. God bless you. Amen. And you can be dismissed and we'll see you out in the fellowship hall. Amen. Nobody, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. I stand in the hope of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am freeing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you [Music] morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you painted for me. A love letter in the sky [Music] story. I could have had a really different story, but you came down from heaven to restore me [Applause] forever. Save my life. Nobody, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I sing in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I can. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you with all I am. [Music] God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you.
