################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-16 - 251016-Ronnie Long:Bethel Youth Camp 2025 - Thursday Night - Ronnie Long - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-16
Title:   251016-Ronnie Long:Bethel Youth Camp 2025 - Thursday Night
Speaker: Ronnie Long
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Youth Camp
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obGtTzoO278
========================================

my first year at camp, but I'm going to be your co-director. Um, our director is Brother Matt Watkins and of course our home pastor at Bethl Tabernacle is Brother Jason Watkins. Couple of quick announcements we want to make. Uh choir practice is going to be Friday at 2:30 and Saturday at 3:30. You can come to practice even if you didn't sign up. So we want as many volunteers as we can to come over to that. Skip practice is going to immediately follow breakfast tomorrow morning. Okay. Now getting into the rules. So we want everybody to have a safe time here. That's our top priority. Well, our top priority is to serve the Lord. So our top priority is to have a good time in the Lord and then for safety. So, we uh if you have any concerns or you see anything that alerts you or you have questions about, make sure you get with your counselors. That's what they're here for. So, breakfast will be at 8:30 in the mornings. Sorry, that one got out of out of line there. Let your counselors know about any medical issues that you have. And also, a lost and found will be in concessions. So, keep your rooms clean. and couple of things. You should have already read this in your packet, but I'm just going to read these rules to you and also elaborate on a couple more of them. So, the rules, if they're violated, the counselor or a security team member will issue you a warning. The second violation is calling your parents and having them take you home. This will be done together with the leadership team, and we reserved the right to send you home from camp for any violation. Boys are not allowed into girls dorms and vice versa. So, girls are not allowed into boys dorms and this will result or can result in immediate expulsion. Along the lines of couples and intermingling, no unmarried couples are allowed to wander around together un alone. You can be in groups, but do not wander if you're not married separately off. You are not allowed to leave the cabin before rise and shine and after lights are out and that also can result in immediate expulsion. Extreme practical jokes and cabin raids are not allowed. There is no cursing, fighting, pushing, punching, bullying, or other inappropriate behavior which could result in immediate expulsion. Seeing a trend? It is not allowed to watch movies or television shows on apps in the cabins. When it's time for lights out, phones must be put away. The hiking trails are for organized hikes only, so do not go hiking without supervision. That schedule will be posted. And also, no couples that are not married hiking. So, camper campers are not allowed to drive to golf carts. Campers are not allowed to leave camp once they have checked in unless you have prior approval. Um, if you have to be driven, uh, oh, I'm sorry. Those who have driven here, make sure you leave your cars in the parking spot. All campers must attend the entire chapel services unless they are feeling unwell, in which case you need to get with the medical staff. Also, that said, make sure to use the restroom before coming into chapel. We want as few distractions as we can have. Um, all campers must be in their cabins after lights out. We hit that again, so we're going to keep reiterating some of these. No headphones or AirPods or any kind of electronic like that will be allowed during the day. Um, camp directors again reserved a right to send you home if they feel in judgment that you have violated any of the camp rules. All right, now getting into modesty. Girls, skirts and dresses must be below the knees when sitting down, even if you're wearing leggings or this new term snoggas. I'm still learning that if I said it wrong. No splits or slits in the dresses that are above the knee. So, do not have your uh knees visible. And no tight fitting clothing. No low cut or sleeveless shirts or dresses. No shirts that show your midrifts. For boys, no shorts and no sleeveless shirts. Uh and keep your rooms clean. All right. Um so again, kind of getting into some of the schedules. Breakfast is at 8:30 followed by a teaching. So once you finish eating, don't get up, just stay seated. And then um one of the ministers is going to have a little session with you. Then also again, choir practice will be at 2:30 tomorrow and 3:30 on Saturday. And also the sports um schedule will be posted as well. We should have all that up for you in the morning. All right. And with that, let's go ahead and let's stand. Okay, let's bow our heads. Lord, we just want to come and thank you for all the kindness that you give us, Lord, your grace and your mercy. Thank you for this time together, Lord. We just ask that you would come down, Lord, and that you would move in hearts, Lord. That you would anoint the ministry, Lord, as they wait on you, Father. You would anoint the musicians and the song leader as they wait, Lord, on you. Pray that Lord, your spirit would just be free to move, Lord. That you would forgive us of all of our shortcomings that nothing would hinder you, Lord, in this service. We ask now that you would be blessed and glorified as we commit it into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. I think we can do a little bit better than that. Let's give the Lord a great big hand. How many happy in the Lord? Amen. Hallelujah. The splender of a king [Music] clothe in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoiceing. He wraps himself in light to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Sing how great, oh is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great. Sing. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. [Applause] H to HC [Music] H to H he stands and time is in his hands. Beginning and the end [Music] and the end. Save the Godhead three is one. He is the father spirit and son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Sing how great in worship. Sing is our God. Oh, how great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Everybody sing how great. Say, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Sing the name. Say he's the name. &gt;&gt; He is worthy. [Music] Sing my heart will sing. How great. Let's give the Lord a way of offering. Is our God. He's a name. He's a name above all name. Adore you worthy of &gt;&gt; all my praise and my heart will sing. How great is our God. One more time. He's the name. Say he's the name above all names. He is worthy of our praise. [Music] And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Sing. How great, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me F. Amen. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. Want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshiper sing. Let the sons see. I surrender my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshiper arise. [Music] Let arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I surrender my heart. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I see you growing louder. The song of your redeem as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. For our heart there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is my song. Let's put our hands together. Oh, let the worshiper arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. Let them see. I surrender my arms. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let arise. Let the worshiper arise. Oh, let your sons and daughters sing. I surrender my all. [Music] I surrender to the king one more time. Let the worshiper arise. Arise, oh Lord. Let his sons and daughters sing. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I surrender my all. Surrender. I surrender to the king. [Music] Let the worshiper arise. Let the sons and daughterers sing. I surrender my all. My all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Amen. Amen. Give me the key. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from [Music] those who look on him. [Music] Oh, never reach. [Music] Magnify &gt;&gt; the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Take me to D, please. I was struggling. Amen. [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me. Oh, and deliver me from every fear. Said those who look on him are radian. Never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. Say magnify the Lord with me. Seek exalt his name to glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Sing, oh, fear the Lord. Oh, give you everything. Oh, he gave you everything. Everybody sing, oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come ex [Music] glorify. [Music] Oh, come exalt his name to ever this poor man. And the Lord heard me. Saved me my enies. [Music] The son of God [Music] sing [Music] magnify the Lord. [Music] Oh come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt him &gt;&gt; together. Magnify say magnify the Lord with me. Oh his name together glorified the Lord will be. See, come exalt his name for it. One more time, magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. We going to sing one more. Let's give me the key of G. I believe [Music] everybody will be happy. Will be happy. Over there we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Everybody sing. Ohbody will be happy. Will be happy over there. See everybody put your hands together for the Lord. [Music] Singbody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Sing shout. We will shout and sing our praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, there's a happy land of promise over all the great beyond. Where the sav shall soon go share. Where the saints and live forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. See everybody soul. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, shout will shout through and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Sing everybody sing. Everybody will be happy. He will be. [Music] Oh, we will shout and sing God's praise. And everybody will be happy over there. One more time. Sing will be happy. We'll be happy over there. will shout. We will shoutout and sing praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Sing everybody [Music] and sing. Everybody will be happy over this. Everybody sing. Everybody. will be happy. [Music] Well, she will sing and sing praises. Everybody will be happy over there. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Where's brother Jason? Amen. Brother Jason, come on up. Amen. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. Oh, I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. Oh, I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasure of sin. Pray no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Say, born, born, born again. Thank God I'm &gt;&gt; born again. &gt;&gt; Everybody sing born again. Thank God I'm born again. &gt;&gt; Well, born of the water. Thank God I'm born again. Sing. Born of the water. Spirit and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. I've got my mind. Woo. And I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind [Music] Someday I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. Going to see my Jesus someday. Hallelujah. My goodness. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. Are you happy to be here tonight? Amen. Everybody knows at my church I'm famous for this. Turn around and shake hands with somebody standing near you. Say, "God bless you." Brother Brandham said that is the nicest thing, the best thing you could ever say to someone is, "God bless you." Think of what that carries. If God blesses you, you are in for a good time. Amen. We're looking for the Lord to do great things in the meetings. We welcome you all to our annual camp. I think if I'm not mistaken, this is year six, I think. and uh maybe the third year here and I think we had a couple of years at the other place. Happy to have all of you here and a lot of see a lot of good friends already uh in the crowd. Amen. I wish we had enough seats up here for all the preachers that I see my friends and buddies. We welcome you. Thank you for coming. Amen. I want you just to uh uh put your order in. You know, you don't you're not if you go to a restaurant, you don't put an order in, you're not going to get anything. So say, "Lord, here I am. I'm putting my order in. I need this. this, I need that, I need this. And it's not, he's not Santa Claus. He's not a vending machine, right? But he's a real God who can meet you right where you are. Amen. I just wanted to greet you. Uh we're going to carry on and we've got some specials, I imagine, tonight. Amen. I sure appreciate Brother Anthony and our Bethl Tabernacle band. Let's give them a hand this evening. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We we brother Aaron called it some years ago. He said, "We have a mandolin player. We have a a a do player, we have guitar players, and then we have a black song leader." And and and is sister Ruth out here tonight? Is she playing? Amen. And so, uh, brother, brother Aaron said, "I know what kind of music style we have at Bethl Tabernacle." I said, "What is it?" He said, "It's a black grass." Amen. And that works for us and it's worked ever since. It's a little bit unique and we like it. Amen. Amen. So weird. Greet you in the name of the Lord. Happy to have you here. Brother Kevin came out and gave you all the rules. I said, "You go out, put it put the fear of God in everybody, and I'll go out and encourage them behind you." So be encouraged. Amen. Brother Kevin has been known to arrest people, but he's a law enforcement man. But we're not going to let him tase anybody. So, uh, don't don't worry. Amen. But you do have to follow the rules. Amen. Uh, or you'll get on Brother Tony's Blist and you don't want to be on you want to stay on his A-list. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Brother Tony, come on. Amen. Let's carry on. Praise God. We're going to have a word of prayer. The deacons can come take the offering. Sister Deb, Brother Aaron, if y'all prepare to sing. Amen. Come on, my brothers. And then right after prayer, they're going to sing and y'all can have your seats. Okay, I'm blessed all. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, we thank you for this time, Lord. We can come together. We thank you, Lord, for all these young people. I pray that you would just come in a special way, Lord, and meet the needs of their hearts, Lord, and let something come and change them. We love you, Lord. We thank you for all things. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] [Music] Well, God bless y'all. The uh this is the fifth year, by the way, brother Jason, just just so you know. [Music] [Music] all throughout. Throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. [Music] The winter storms made way for spring. [Music] And every season from where I'm standing, I've seen the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. I've seen your promises and fulfillments all over my life. All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. [Music] The fear will come. The fear will leave. [Music] You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. I've seen the evidence of your goodness [Music] all over my life. All over my life, [Music] I've seen your promises and fulfillment [Music] all over my life. All over my life. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. You seen the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sins roll away because of you. Oh Jesus. I've seen the cross the empty grave. The evidence is endless. [Music] All my sin runs away because of you, oh Jesus. [Music] I've seen the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. [Music] I've seen your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Cuz I've seen the evidence of your goodness over my life. All over my life [Music] I've seen the promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin run away because of you. Oh Jesus, I've seen the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life, I've seen your promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. [Music] So why should I fear? All the evidence is here. [Music] Why should I fear? All the evidence is here. [Applause] Amen. We have our sisters, our two sisters to come and give us a song this evening. Amen. Let's give them a hand. [Applause] God bless you. &gt;&gt; It's a pleasure to be in the house of the Lord with you here today. This is just a song God put on our hearts and we just want to sing it to glorify him. If you know it, please feel free to join in and just worship him. [Music] There's a sweet, sweet spirit &gt;&gt; in this place. And I know that it's the spirit of the Lord. [Music] There are sweet [Music] expressions [Music] on each face. [Music] And I know that you feel the presence of the Lord. [Music] Sweet Holy Spirit, &gt;&gt; sweet heavenly. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, stay right here with us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Right here with us. &gt;&gt; Oh, feeling us, filling us, filling us with your love. And all these blessings will lift our hearts in praise. [Music] Without a doubt, we'll know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place. [Music] There are blessings that you cannot receive until you know him in his fullness. You've got to believe. [Music] You're the one to profit when you say I am going to walk with Jesus all the way. [Music] Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly love. Oh, please stay right here with us. Oh, feeling us, filling us, filling us with your love. [Music] [Applause] [Music] for these blessings. We live our hearts in praise. Without a doubt, we'll know that we have been revived. when we shall leave this place. If you say he saved you from your sin, but now you're weak, you're bound and cannot enter in. You can make it right if you will yield. You'll enjoy the Holy Spirit that he feels. Oh sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heaven, lead us. Oh, please stay right here with us. Oh, feeling us, filling us, filling us with your love and for his blessings. We lift our hearts in praise. Without a doubt, we'll know that we have been revived. When we shall leave [Music] this this [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let us stand. How many is ready for the word? How many is ready for the word? &gt;&gt; Ah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Long. Amen. Listen. Because he lives. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, [Music] heal, and forive. [Music] Be bled and die [Music] to bite my part. [Music] [Laughter] An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. And because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. Let's just close our eyes and raise our hands to the heavens. Fear is gone because I know he holds my future. Now life is worth the living just because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives all [Music] Because I know, &gt;&gt; yes, I know he holds my future. [Music] My life is worth the because he lives and my life is worth the living just because he liv. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. How many knows he's alive tonight? Hallelujah. We know that we serve a living God who's alive and well. Amen. He's not far away in a tomb somewhere, but he's amongst us. He's in our midst and he inhabits the praises of his people. Amen. I believe he comes where he's invited. We feel him moving amongst us already because there's anticipation, expectation on the hearts of the believers that they know that the only the only thing that can change their situation is just a few moments in his presence. Amen. No man can change our situations or can better our life, but just just a few moments in the presence of the one can make all the difference. Amen. And I know that he's alive and he's amongst us. And I believe that he's aware of our situations and some of us coming from uh different parts of the country and all over and maybe some carrying some different situations and some are happy and some are sad. But whatever your situation is, God is the God of that situation and he's able able to deliver. Amen. We just are glad to be here. Thank you for the for the uh opportunity to speak to you tonight. Thank you, brother Jason and brother Matt for the invitation. and thank you for the songs and the wonderful specials. Amen. Amen. I'm just uh Brother Ronnie, if you don't know me, it's an honor to speak to you. We're from Truer Tabernacle in Bluffton, Ohio. We greet you in the name of the Lord. I see some fellow Ohioans here and uh Amen. But uh I just love this church, the Bethl Tabernacle, and the saints here, and we just uh have a have a kindred fellowship, and we just uh want to put our shoulder to the wheel tonight. And you know, I believe that the the prophet taught us that there's there's such a great power in the heart of the believer. And I just look at this room and uh just almost overwhelmed with the potential that's laying in here tonight. If we could just recognize what God has put within us. And I wonder tonight if we could just use some of that power. Maybe you just put your hand over on the person next to you tonight. And you know, let's bind our faith together. These campgrounds have been used many times since we were here last year. We've seen the power of God move upon this stage and move upon the hearts of the believers. And it's been used by God before, but it's been used for other things since then. And let's just reclaim this this campground. Let's reclaim this sanctuary. Let's let God have his dominion over this place that all that's said and done would just be in perfect order with his word. Amen. Let's just bind together. And while you're praying for this camp, why don't you pray for that person that your hands on and just say, "Lord, why don't you come by their way? Come by their way in this camp. Change their situation. Increase their faith and draw them closer to you. Father, we just love you tonight, Lord. We thank you for your grace to us, Father, unmarited favor, Lord. That you have, Lord, called us out of a nation, Father, called us out of the mire of the world, Lord. that Father, not to just be Lord uh lukewarm Lord or just sitting on the side, but Lord, you called us into action, Father. Lord, you called us into a position of authority, Lord, in this age of the opening of the word, Father. Lord, we're aware that you're Lord, you've moving among your people, Father, Lord, and you've desired us to come higher in your word. And Father, tonight, I ask that we would just, Father, bind our hearts together in one accord, Father. Lord, that we would, Lord, we would take this campground under supreme control of the Holy Ghost, Father. Lord, that you would just, Father, move across these these grounds, Father, may you move in the dorms, Father, may you move in the outbuildings, Father. Lord, but may you move in this sanctuary, Lord, over these services, Father. We we have need of these places, Father. We have need of this pulpit, Lord. We have need of these chairs, Father. And Lord, I pray that your anointing power, Lord, would just move upon every corner, Father. Lord, every situation, Father, we become subject under your word tonight. For you are the God of God and the King of Kings, Lord, and there's no thing that you cannot do, Father. We bind our hearts together, Lord, asking that you would just move on the individuals gathered here, Lord, that if Lord, they've surrendered their time, they've surrendered their money, Father, not to just see one another, but Lord, that they might have communion with you. And Father, we know that you're you're inhabiting our praises tonight, Lord. And we will not cease to give you praise over this weekend, Father. I pray that a greater liberty would come Lord to every individual Lord that is gathered here Lord that we could lift up our voice and say our God is king Lord. Our God is the one who makes a difference. Our God is way maker amongst us. Father we recognize your presence. We recognize you father. Lord we give you supreme power Lord. We give you control over every situation. Father Lord I pray that you just bless Father those that are putting their shoulders to the wheel. Father, Lord, may you anoint every counselor, every worker. Father, Lord, may you use every every person in a position, Father, Lord, to say, Lord, what you would have them to say, but Lord, may you bless the young people this weekend. I pray, Father. Lord, may hearts be open to you, Lord. Father, may lives be surrendered, Lord. Father, we need you. There's never been an age like this age, Lord. We need you now more than ever, Lord. We can't do it without your presence, Lord. Father, we don't want to resist it, but Lord, we want to embrace it, Lord. Let your presence come. Let your presence come and move amongst us. We pray, Lord, as we open these services, Lord, we just look to you, the author of this word. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If you have your scriptures, turn to the book of Romans, the 10th chapter. It's good to see some friends and companions amongst us. I won't name names, but I just love you. I have my brother Matt Cadre here support role. Of course, brother Jason's powerful amener. So, but you just don't leave it up to these guys. You join in with them. Amen. Amen. Romans the 10th chapter. Just begin at the eth verse. And I don't want to take too much time tonight. And I know that uh we're a little bit of a delay on the service, but uh you don't have anywhere to go, so you're already here for the weekend, but I'm not going to ask too much of you tonight. I I I I'm not going to I'm not going to make you think too deep, but I just want to present to you a simple question uh through the word and uh some some some statements through the word. And I'm only asking of you one thing. I'm just asking for a yes. I'm just asking for a yes. So just keep that in mind. It's just one word that I need from you. A yes. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth and in thy heart. That is the word of faith which we preach, that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart, that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. Amen. May God bless his word. As you could be seated tonight. Amen. So with the power with the with the power of the mouth, confession is made. So there's a lot of power that can come out of what we can use our mouth for. And and in this age, there's a lot of a lot of pressure, a lot of influence over us to use our opinions or our mouths for other things. But I would just like to present uh some statements through the word tonight that are are are very familiar to us. This is going to be a a simple thought, but I believe that the Lord has directed this to us to just say yes to the promises that are coming this weekend. This is the opening service. This is maybe the the the first service of this camp, but it's not your first service. you've been in church before and you know what the power of God looks like and feels like and you know how to access that power. And I would say that let's not just approach this service or this camp like a another tradition or another routine, but let's look at this from a different perspective than we looked at it before to see what what could God do in the midst of us if his word was open to every individual in this room. And I see hearts and I I see faith in the building and you might just see a you might just see another member of your youth group or you might just see another person that you long to be here at camp with. You might just see a a deacon standing in the back. You know what but I see from my perspective is I see great potential that is laying in this room tonight. I believe that if the devil if the if the devil uh caught on to the power that was within you, he wouldn't be plaguing you so bad. And I I believe if we knew the potential that we carry within us, then we would approach life a lot different than to just be handed what we're given because we're children of the King. Can I can I get a yes to that tonight? Are you a child of the king? You weren't just put here on this earth to fill a seat or to to to just come to a church service, but you were put here to overthrow the kingdom of the devil. You may not recognize that. You may not know that tonight, but if you'll just continue in this thought with me and just say yes to the promises of God over your life, you'll recognize why you were put here and the purpose that God has for you in this time. So, I just for a title tonight, I would like to speak on the power of yes. The power of a yes. If we could just get united under the word tonight. You know, in this age, there's so many oppressions against us and so many pressures. Uh you know, you you young people are facing things that I never I never faced as a young person. You know, I I'm not I'm not terribly old, but I'm not young either. And so, you have trials. You know, I remember I was already I was already an adult by the time a smartphone came out. And so, I can say that you have pressures that I did not have as a young person. You have temptations that I did not have as a young person. You have you have greater obstacles to overcome that I did not have as a young person. But I say, praise God that he sent you anyway because he knew what you would have to overcome in this age. He knew that there would be greater greater temptations. He knew that there would be a greater force against you. But he sent you to this age anyway because God had confidence in you that you would be an overcomer in this age. And you would not just fall to the Leodysian temptations that are in front of you, but you would be an overcomer in the greatest of ages that there ever was. We're not waiting for hell to lift off its lid. We're not waiting for a great squeeze to come. The great squeeze has already been come on the church. the great the great oppression of the believer has already come to the church. Uh can I get an amen in the back? Maybe some of you are feeling the pressure leading up to this camp. I know what it takes to put on a camp and I know the pressure that comes behind it and I I know all of the feelings involved and I know all of the obstacles that you have to overcome. But you overcame them because you're here and this camp is now in session and and what God is doing in this camp. The devil tried to stop but he could not stop it because God had plans for you. You might have thought you just jumped on a plane or you just decided to come. But God knew you were going to be here. He knew what you were going to be wearing. He knew what you were going to be sitting next to or how you were going to feel at this moment of time. And God knew that you had an appointment to be at this camp during these services to receive from something from him. Now, some of you might have come just to see one another and and maybe find a find a significant other, but but but God had other plans for you. God had a bigger purpose for you that you would come and you would dwell under the under the opening of his word in this age and by that word you would be liberated from the oppression of this Leodysian age because you are in Leodysia but you're not Leoans right you are you are in this age but you're not of this age you feel different you look different you talk different you walk different so what makes you different it's the word that has been presented before you that makes you different right this is not just a a a rally to come together. This is an ordained appointment by God that you would come and you would suck with him and he would commune with you. And this this this these set of services could could exceed even what you could imagine that God could do. Now, I know this is opening night, so I'm not requesting a lot from you, but I just want a yes. &gt;&gt; I just want a yes that you know that God is able to change your situation. And you might not know all of the details that he's got working in your life, but he's able to change the situations. He's able to to move across your life. Now, the scripture would say this in Isaiah 54, "In righteousness shalt thou be established. Thou shalt be far from oppression. For thou shalt not fear and from terror, for it shall not come, it shall not come near thee. And behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me. Whosoever gatherth together against thee shall fall for thy sake. No weapon. Somebody say no weapon. &gt;&gt; No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper. And every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord. And their righteousness is of me, sayaeth the Lord. So their righteousness does not come from their own works or their own abilities, but their righteousness is from the Lord. Right? So we're not dwelling on whether we're worthy or whether we're able. Our righteousness comes from God. So it's not based upon how good we are. It's based upon how good he is. Right? It's not based upon how well we can sing. It's based upon how worthy of our worship he is. We do not come up here. You did not come to this camp tonight or come into this service to say amen to me. &gt;&gt; You came to say amen to a God who is way beyond me or way bigger than me. This is not about preachers. This is not about this is not about just musicians or good singers. This is about a God who is indwelling in human flesh. And when we recognize that this is not about just a preacher preaching, this is about a word that has come down in our age and it has told us who we are, where we came from, and where we're going. This is not a this is not a message of of big names and big authorities. This is a message of authority that will use a somebody or a nobody to everybody else that nobody put their money on you, but God put his money on you. God put his name on you that you would come here and be an overcomer in this age. You might come into this camp thinking, "I I'm not worth anything. I have no value to me. There's no way I could be an overcomer." But God says otherwise about you. God said that you would be an overcomer in this age. God sent you to this end time not to be a quitter. &gt;&gt; God didn't send you to this end time to be to have depression across your back. Right? I I believe brother Ram says it like this that God has uh Jesus Christ himself has sponsored us to be in this age. I don't believe I don't believe Jesus sponsored us just to be a a depressive suicidal person. I don't believe Jesus would sponsor that, right? I don't believe Jesus would sponsor just us to come and fill a seat. Why would he why would he sponsor us? You know how many in here knows who LeBron James is? Come on, Joel. Raise your hand. Nike sponsors LeBron James. You know what Nike pays LeBron James annually for his sponsorship? I think it's like $75 million a year and he's just wearing the logo of Nike. Why would Nike select him to be a sponsor? What' you say? He's okay at basketball, right? Because they think he's the best, right? I'm not going to get into that with you guys. They think he's the best. They think he's the goat. So, they have agreed to sign him up for this contract annually because they know how he's going to perform. They know what he's going to do and they want him to wear their logo. Now, they didn't go to just anyway. They didn't come to me or Enoch and say, "Hey, we we were going to sponsor you for $72 million a year." No, they put it on the Brown James. Why? Because they know he's a winner. They didn't just sponsor anybody, but they knew he was going to win and he was going to represent them well. So when Christ sponsored you to come into this age, he didn't just put his name on anybody, but he put it on you because he knew that you were an overcomer. He knew that you're a winner. He knew that you would overthrow the powers of this age. He knew that you would conquer every enemy that has come before you. That's why he's put his name on you. This is not just a church. This is not just a meeting. This is a message meeting. This is a message camp. This is a message gathering. And under the banner of the message of the hour, every enemy is defeated. I don't care how you feel. I don't care how much sin you're currently in. This message will triumph over every enemy in this age. We are under the banner of something greater than our individual talent. We are under the banner of sponsorship from the one who has never lost a battle. He has never retreated. He has never backed up. He has never had to say, "I'm sorry." He has never made the wrong turn. And that one is the one who put his name on you. I say praise God that he had confidence in me when nobody else thought I'd be a winner. Christ Almighty sent me to this age and said you will be a winner in the greatest of ages that there is to them that overcome. I believe that's us. I believe that's our commission. We did not come just to show up. No, we didn't I didn't get dressed today. I didn't I didn't put on my tie. I didn't drive all the way down here just to show up. I drove down here to tread on serpents. I drove down here to overcome every trial. I drove down here to show you that you are able to to overcome every temptation of this age. Because if he did it for me, he can do it for you. If he did it for Matt, he can do it for you. If he did it for Chris, he can do it for you. &gt;&gt; That's just a few examples in the room. But we know what we're talking about because the same God that overcame in us &gt;&gt; will also overcome in you. I believe if the devil knew what the power was, he would he would have left you a long time ago. But when you recognize who you are, what you are, what you're sent here for, the devil will be powerless before you. Right? Is that what the word says? Somebody say no weapon. &gt;&gt; No weapon. &gt;&gt; No weapon. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what it's named. It doesn't matter the the the the medical term for it. No weapon &gt;&gt; formed against you will prosper. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I believe that's great confidence for us tonight. &gt;&gt; That means that nothing the devil has is strong enough to take you out of the fight. &gt;&gt; That means the greatest the greatest battle that you could think of in your mind is not strong enough to take you out of where God has placed you in this age because God thought so much of you to send you here. You were not born in the age of Luther. You were not born in the dark ages. you were born in the greatest of ages that there ever was where there would be a body change where where where you would do something that no other group of believers would ever do. Now, I'm I'm trying to place you here of where you're at in this age. I hope we're okay. Are we okay? &gt;&gt; All right. Amen. So, if God had confidence in you, shouldn't you have confidence in God to overcome? Thank you. Shouldn't you have God? Shouldn't you have confidence in God that he's able to overcome in your situation? God didn't just send you here powerless, but God equipped you to overcome every enemy that you would face in this age. God equipped you that you would overcome lust. God equipped you that you would overcome depression. God equipped you that you would overcome anxiety. He did not say that you would not fight it, but he equipped that you would overcome it. He gave you everything that you need to overcome it. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Greater is the anointing that dwells within you already than he that is that is that is the ruler of this age. But God has sent us here as overcomers, not as quitters. There's no quit in the material that you were made out of. God sent you here as an overcomer of every trial in this age. You will overcome because greater is he that sent you than he that is in the world. He He that is in you is greater. Can you say yes to that tonight? &gt;&gt; Yes to that tonight. &gt;&gt; You see, it depends on whose influence you're going to be under. The devil would like to keep you under the influence that you're not going to make it. You're not going to succeed. You're never going to live a life outside of anxiety. &gt;&gt; But the devil is a liar. &gt;&gt; The devil has no credibility to his voice. He only has the power that you loan him. He only has the power that you allow him to access in your mind. And so instead of believing the devil's lies, why don't we say yes to the promises of God tonight that would tell us that we are overcomers, that we are free in him, that we do have precious peace that is beyond our understanding, that we do have access to all of these blessings of God. You see, the influence that we're under will determine our outcome, right? &gt;&gt; Because we've got to get away from the from the lies of the enemy. The lies of the enemy will keep you down in in in a leodyian mud trying to struggle for life. But the word has come and told us you are free. You are under the spirit of Christ. And where the spirit of Christ is, there is liberty. There is freedom. There is absolute freedom from every oppression. And I believe the spirit of Christ is in this message. I believe this message is the spirit of liberty. And any spirit that would try to take the liberty from you is not of God. But it's easy to discern. It must be the devil lying to me because God said, "I'm free." &gt;&gt; Christ did not open this word to us in this age and reveal who we are to tell us that we were not going to make it. Brother Matt, he didn't go through all that to tell us that we just weren't going to have enough at the end time. But God so thoroughly vindicated this message in this age and rose up a Kentucky hillbilly and kept him from women and kept him from money and kept him from the reproach of the world. Why? So that we could be a quitter or we could be a loser? No. So we could be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; He's opened the word to us. It has identified who we are in this age. It's identified your name. It's called you by name. And it did not call you a loser of Leodysia. It called you an overcomer because you were born to win. You were sent here to overthrow the kingdom of the enemy. Now, I want to remind you the potential that's within you is greater than you recognize. &gt;&gt; You know what the word potential means? It means stored up energy. So, there's something that God sent here before there ever was a trial. You already had potential &gt;&gt; before there ever was before your grandpa ever took his first breath. You are already sent here with potential because God's not surprised that you're here. Nor is God surprised that you're going through the struggle that you're going through. God knew you would be going through the struggle that you're going through and he equipped you to overcome it. He sent his word to you and his word has equipped you to overcome every trial of this age. What is this in your hand, &gt;&gt; friend? I don't know what the message is to you, but I know what it is to me. What is this in your hand? Is it just something that we just quote back and forth and we argue with one another back and forth? Or is this the king's sword? I believe it's the sword of the king that has come down in the camp. And I believe it's time to put it to work. I believe it's time to draw the sword of the king and go to attack against the against the enemy in this age. Hallelujah. I believe that there's still some standing here. All right. &gt;&gt; You may not have any fight in you when you showed up tonight, but I pray by the end of this weekend there's a renewed fight in you that you are raised up to the place where you could draw the king's sword out of the sheath and put it to work. This is not a message of just quotes. This is not a message of camps. This is an action message. This is a faith in the word that release will put you in the plan of God. &gt;&gt; We've got to release it, though. Can you say yes to that? &gt;&gt; Can you say yes to that? &gt;&gt; That this word was not meant to just dwell on paper. &gt;&gt; This this this message wasn't sent here so a couple of big preachers could argue about what it means. This message was sent here to liberate the captive this day. This scripture is fulfilled in your ears. You got to recognize the season that you're in. Friend, we are in another season than just Luther's age or Wesley's age or the Pentecostal Isuza revival. We have all of the word. And all of the word comes with all of its benefits. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not tied down to one opinion or the other. We are walking in the middle of the road with the word. &gt;&gt; Sometimes I worry that the young people maybe feel like Peter in prison. Right. Right, brother Joel? They're strapped between two prisoners. one being the formal side and one being the fanatical side, right? Well, you feel like, well, if I get too fanatical, then I might be considered a Pentecostal, &gt;&gt; but then you feel like, I hope you're okay. And then you feel like you got the you know, we we've got the revelated word, so I mean be more mature than that. &gt;&gt; But the the prophet taught us that you take all of what was in those former ages and you bring them into the current position of the word, right? You don't throw away that. You take all that that was. So what that does for me is when this word opened to me and it revealed to me who I was, brother Levi, there was no chain strong enough to hold me down. There was no I didn't care who was looking. I didn't care who was around because I was headed for nowhere. And when this word became open to me, it identified me as an overcomer in this age. How could I keep quiet? How could I keep silent? How could I how could I restrain myself from worshiping a God who would identify that I am an eternal being? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's no greater knowledge than that to know that you came from God and you're going back to God. So this is just a trial of our life. This is not the end of your story. And when you see this word is open to you and you recognize who you are, you see that your story does not end here. But you will keep going on and on and on. And when the tempter that has been tormenting your life ceases to exist, you will still be going on in glory. You will still be worshiping God. You will not have an end because you never had a beginning. How could we keep quiet when this message has been open to us? It identifies who we are. &gt;&gt; This is who we are, friends. This is why we believe what we believe. I believe we have the the revealing of the word and I believe we can rejoice about it. I believe that we have a power that is opened up to in this age and I know that Christ is the mystery of God revealed and I believe that he that is in you is the hope of glory &gt;&gt; and I think we should be able to rejoice about it. I think we ought to be able to give God praise about it. I don't think we should be confined to one one side or the other. I think we should walk with the word in step with liberty. Right? Because if any spirit tries to bring you subject under their opinion or their idea of the scripture, then it's easy to identify it's not God's promise. This doesn't take great discernment, friends. You've got enough discernment within you to understand what is God and what is not. God never told you that you were not going to make it. Doesn't take great discernment. You don't have to raise your hand, but how many people have ever had the thought that you're not going to make the rapture? Well, God didn't give you that thought. Where'd that thought come from? It wasn't your thought, but it came from another source. It came from something outside the true word of God. Right? And it put that thought within you. Now, the only power that that thought has is what you give it. If you say yes to that thought, you'll enter into depression, and you'll enter into into sorrowfulness, and you enter into anxiety. You'll enter into wondering if you're going to make it. You'll enter into an up and down relationship with God from camp to camp and have no experience with God and you'll be up and down in your Christian relationship. But if you reject that thought and you say yes to the fact that you are chosen, you are elected. You are the apple of God's eye. Then that is already a no. You can't miss the rapture when you said yes to this. So there's power that comes when you say yes. There's power that comes with understanding why you've been put here on this earth. It was not just to fill a seat, but it requires some input from you. I know that that there are situations that we go through in life and we're solely dependent upon God's strength in our life. But sometimes he just wants a yes from you. Sometimes he just wants you to agree with his word. The power of confession of his word that yes, I want you to lead. There's many there is many influences trying to take the leadership of the young people in this age. But we have the true leader. Remember Jesus would come to the rich young ruler and he would he would tell him what a good Christian he was. What a what a powerful Sunday school student he was. How he he could he could quote the scripture and he could do all these things and he had an intellectual understanding of the message. But when it came time to say yes and make a commitment, one thing that thou lackest to make that final commitment with the word that this is the divine leadership in this age. We cannot be halt between two opin opinions anymore. But we've got to have a revelation to know this is the unadulterated truth of the hour. Can I get a yes? Can I get a yes? How many how many how many people have have received the power of this word in this age and it changed your life? Brother Chris, he's a he's a witness. Brother Brother Matt is a witness. There's other people that are witnesses in here. I wonder how many people I know we got some older ones in the back. How many of you has God changed your life from the trajectory that you were headed? Look at the witnesses that we have that said yes to the word of God and their entire life was changed in a moment in just an experience with God. And they were headed one way. They were headed for drugs. They were headed for a life of sin and shame. But just one moment they said yes to the right moment at the right time. and their entire trajectory was changed. We've got some witnesses tonight that know that the power of yes is able to change your entire trajectory in life. You maybe think you're headed this way, but if you say yes to a promise of God, you will reject the filth of this world and you will go on into the promises of God. He has predestinated you as an overcomer in this age. He's just waiting for you to say yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Brother would ask the question, do I have any Isaiah's in the building tonight? Is there any Isaiah that could say I am Isaiah. I am Isaiah. How about some Davids? &gt;&gt; How about some Davids? Can we say I am David? Let's look at David for a minute. I'm just going to preach. I got quotes and stuff. We'll just preach. It's opening night. &gt;&gt; How many Davids? &gt;&gt; You know that David's own dad didn't even bet on him to win. &gt;&gt; He tried to offer every other kid he had. &gt;&gt; Take this one. Anoint this one. Anoint this one. This one's taller. This one's handsomemer. &gt;&gt; This one's stronger. David's own dad didn't even bet on him to win. &gt;&gt; But the Lord had other plans for David. And when David's name was called, you know what he was doing? He was working in the field. And he said yes. &gt;&gt; He responded to the call. And that prophet anointed him. When nobody else had their eye on David, God already knew where David was. He was small in stature. Nobody thought he was a winner. And maybe nobody thought in your entire youth group, they're thinking, "It can't be that person. Maybe it won't be that person." But God knows who you are and he knows how to get your attention. All you need to do is say, "Yes. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, I I agree. Yes, I accept. Yes, I want that. Yes, I want a victorious life." And when you say yes to a victorious life, you're saying no to a defeated devil. &gt;&gt; He's just looking for a yes. We have any do we have any Paul's? I am Paul. A true leader that would forsake all that he knew. And an interaction with the light that he would say yes to. You know that light is here in our midst tonight. It didn't it didn't go away in 1965. That light is very much wherever this message is preached, the angel of the Lord accompanies it always. Is that what it says, brothers? Always. That means wherever this message is preached, that light is here. Wherever this message is preached, that angel anointing is here. We're not waiting for something to come. We're not in anticipation for the bride's revival to break. The bride's revival has already broken. This is the yes that I'm talking about. The bride's revival is open to you if you want to enter into it. You just got to say yes tonight. Hallelujah. There's no greater yes that you'll ever have in your life. Is Gideon in here, Watkins? Yeah. Somewhere. Okay. Last year I was here. He was he was uh just just had his eye on somebody. Right. Shortly after that, he had to ask her a question and she said yes. But when she said yes, it was a no to everybody else. When she said yes to him, it was a no. Sorry, boys. It was a no to all you other boys. &gt;&gt; Because one yes can be a thousand nos. &gt;&gt; And when you say yes to the promises of God that have come into this age, you're saying no. You're rejecting the filth of this age. You're rejecting pornography. You're rejecting suicide. You're rejecting anxiety. You're rejecting the lust of the flesh. You're rejecting depression. When you say yes to the promise of God, you are saying no to the devil in his field. I say yes, Lord. I say yes. Yes. Let your promise be fulfilled in me, Lord. I say yes. Let your promise be yay and amen in my life. I say yes, Lord. Let this be more than just my daddy's religion or my pastor's religion. Let this be a me message. This is a message of you can too. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If David can trust him, then you can too. &gt;&gt; David trusted him so much, he put his future in his hands. &gt;&gt; Can you do the same thing? Puts your future in the hands of God. You know what that does for you? I'm just going to I'm just going to whack at this devil again. It drives the anxiety out of you because you know it's not based on something you can change or something you can do. But you have surrendered your own ability to the one who's got it all in control. Hallelujah. He's the alpha. He's the omega. And he's in the middle, &gt;&gt; which means he's got your life in control. Amen. All right. Are we good? &gt;&gt; You know, I think I think we need to I need I think we need to look at where we're getting our influences from. Any influence that would try to keep you down, like Uzziah, right, in the scripture. And in the year King Uzziah died, that's when Isaiah started his ministry. That's when everything took off for Isaiah. Why? Because there was a weight that was on top of him, right? You can't grow if you've got somebody else's influence on top of you. &gt;&gt; It's like a corn where we come from, there's corn coming out of the ground, right? All over the place. But I noticed where there's a rock sitting, there's no corn growing up. But it'll try to it'll a stock of it'll try to come out from underneath that rock, right? But what has to happen is you got to move the rock. You got to take the weight off the life and allow that stock to come up into liberty, right? Get some rain on it, get some sunshine on it, get some freedom on it, and then then that stock will come to life and it will produce fruit, right? So, you got to get Uzziah out of your life. And that's the enemy trying to tell you that you're not going to make it. You're just a you're just a make believer. You're just here for the go-karts. We can go faster tonight than the go-karts can take you if you want to. &gt;&gt; We don't got to wait till they open tomorrow. We can have a good time without go-karts. &gt;&gt; I think if we can scream and we can shout on the go-kart track, then we ought to be able to rejoice that our names are written in the book of heaven and there is no end to us. I think that's a real reason to give God praise. And to think about a God that would do so much for you and yet I know how I feel that I've done so little for him. I think I I I just think how how little have I done for God at my age, in my time. And I can imagine what a young person thinks. But I want to encourage you tonight. There is something you can do for God. &gt;&gt; You can say yes. &gt;&gt; You can say yes to his will and his word in your life. And that is doing something for God. You know, one time there was a king in the scripture who was thirsty. Hallelujah. I know if I said I was thirsty right now, maybe somebody would run up and get me a bottle of water and there'd be no problem. Here you go. Glad we can serve you. Brother Jason said, "Hey, I'm thirsty." Somebody go get him a bottle of water. Right. Well, how much more the King of Kings, the one who has paid the price for our sins, that has brought us out of the mire of this world and given us eternal life, a pathway to victory. How much more would we get him a drink of water if he asked us for something tonight? &gt;&gt; You know, in the scripture one time, there was a king that was thirsty and his men said, "Your wish is our command. Whatever you require of us, we will do. We will cut through denominational spirits. We will cut through Leodysian attitudes. We will cut through the fear of this world to give our king a drink. I wonder how many of you would say yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on, friends. Yes. You think we think if if if if God came in here tonight, right? Let's just say let's just say that Jesus is going to come in here tonight and we're going to offer him a chair. This is just spontaneous now. This is free. &gt;&gt; And we're going to offer him a seat. We would say, "No, take my seat. No, take mine. No, take the cushion seat. No, take the more comfortable seat. Take take here, here, here. Is there something I can get you? Do you want a slushie? Is there something I can do for you? Right? Because we want to serve him. But yet, we'll come to church service after service. And he's asked us to do something. And we won't do it for him because we're unaware of the presence that's in the room with us. This is not just another service. This is not just another camp. This is not just another set of meetings. This is a changing of your life. This is taking your yes one way and saying no to all that. This is a changing of times. I I I wish that you could see the potential that's within. You might see, well, I'm I'm brother, if you knew me, I'm just a weak Christian. I know I am, too. But the God that's in me is greater than the situation in my life. The God that's in me is more powerful than any circumstance that I am facing tonight. He that I have surrendered myself to is greater than the challenges of this age. Brother Bam said that there was three men that went to get that water for him. Let me tell you where you are in this story. Brother Tony had a sword tonight. He cut away all the sleepiness, all the tired eyes, all the roadweary warriors. He took a sword out. I've got the other sword tonight. There's only two swords in this fight, right? So what do you got to do? You've got a bucket. Surely you would get a drink for the king. Surely you would. You would give him some water if he was thirsty. Right now, we've already cut down the denominational spirits around us. And the word is currently cutting it down. So, you've got an open bucket tonight. The power of Yes. And if you'll take that bucket out and you'll go and run to the well, you know what that bucket represents? It represents your praise and your worship. But you got to take that bucket all the way to the well of Bethlehem. You got to fill it up with that Pentecostal water that he desires. And you got to run it back to camp. You got to run it back to the one that has a has a thirst in your life. If God asked you for something, you would no doubt say yes. Right? &gt;&gt; Can I get a yes? &gt;&gt; So, he's asked you to take this bucket and to pour out your praise upon him. &gt;&gt; We're not praising a song leader tonight. We're not praising the songs that we're singing. We're not just praising because we sound good. I sound terrible and ain't no rock ever going to steal my praise because I know why I was put on this earth. I know the commission that I was sent here. I know that when I was unlovable, he loved me. I know that when I had no future, he gave me eternal life and shown me who I was in his word. I know that there was no way for me to succeed. And he said that I have called you. I have chosen you. So, how could I withhold my praise? Hallelujah. Don't tell me to be quiet cuz you weren't in the hole I was in. &gt;&gt; But if you recognize the hole that he brought you out of, you could not cease giving him praise. He's worthy of every breath we could breathe. Worthy of every song we could sing. We're not singing to just some pulpit or some some some some man singing. We're singing to the King of Kings. This is why we sing, friends. Why is there a war over that today? because Satan wants to rob you from your position. But I believe it's time you say yes. Yes to the word of God. Yes to the promises of this age. Yes to the promises of the word that we're living under. That age that you're living in and the message of this age, it's got to be brought out of the scriptures and vindicated and proved by God that it's God doing so. Then you either receive that or reject it. That's eternal life. The leadership of the Holy Spirit, we must follow him is the only way to have eternal life. So the leadership of God is to follow the vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Ghost. Can I say that again? By the Holy Ghost. This was in uh uh 65 if you're wondering. By the Holy Ghost. He did not send us here to build another church or to another organization. He sent us here to be powerhouses &gt;&gt; raised up into the stature of Jesus Christ. Now you tell me what kind of powerhouse will drag themselves into church. Oh buddy, don't beat us up. It's opening night. But I just want you to say yes to the potential. There's some powerful men of God that are coming behind me. And if I can just get you to say yes tonight, &gt;&gt; then you are saying no to all of the filth of this world that will try to follow you in here tomorrow night. If you can say yes tonight to the promises of God, you're not waiting to be resurrected. This message has already resurrected us. We're already resurrected. But a lot of us are like Lazarus was when he came out of the grave. And we've got to do some changing. &gt;&gt; The word is powerful, more powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword. It's already resurrected us to life. But we got to change our clothes. &gt;&gt; Religion stinks, friends. Just leodys and worship. It stinks in God's nostrils. But he loosed him by the power of the word. Why would God loose him? Because you can't praise being bound. You can't worship him being bound. You can't worship him when your hands are tied down. So, you've got to get the influence of condemnation off of you and you've got to move into the promises of God that has liberated you to be a worshipper in this age. He is seeking those. Right? This is something else he's looking for. &gt;&gt; Can you be a worshipper in spirit and truth? &gt;&gt; Yes. Anybody? Can I get a yes? Can you worship him in spirit and in truth? Can I get a yes, somebody? &gt;&gt; He's looking for it. He's seeking it. You think it'd be easy for him to find, but it's not easy for for him to find because it takes somebody to surrender themselves and move beyond how they feel, what they see, how they how they how they how they view themselves and move into the promises of God. There's a law that comes with God's word. And you've got to recognize that you are under a dispensation of a word that's more powerful than even even your own understanding. I'm going to read this out of expectation. I'm not going to preach all night. Just a yes. That's all I'm looking for. Just a yes. You know the power of your voice. I think too many of us have let the the voice of our worry become louder than the voice of our praise. We've let the voice of our of our anxieties become louder than the voice of our amens to the word of God. That he's got it in control. We've let the voice of of some influencer or some some some uh uh social media expert become louder than the voice of the message in our car. We've let we've let the voice of Leodysia become louder than the voice of the promises of God in this age. But tonight, you can change that by just saying yes. The power of yes. Now, for instance, if you was up here back behind some of these big dark mountains tonight, it was so black and dark down there and you couldn't see where you were going. You might fall over a rock or step into a snake or you didn't know what was going to happen and one of these big hila monsters or something laying up there and you know electricity is all around you. You could scream till you got horse. Oh, electricity, electricity, light up. How many's ever been crying out to God in the middle of your great situation. Sometimes that's the only place that we that we remember he's even with us is in our greatest trial. We'll cry out to God. Oh, electricity, electricity, light up. Show me to get how to get out of here. I know you're here. I know you're here. It's scientifically proven that you're here. So, light up. You could scream till you got horse and it would never light up. Why? Electricity will light if you follow the law of electricity. But you've got to follow the laws of electricity. If you had a fountain over on this side, an artisian well gushing up, and a crop over on this side burning up. Now, you could say, "Oh, water, go over here and irrigate my crop." It wouldn't do it. No. But if you'll follow the laws of gravitation, you can make it do it. Is that right? When I look, God is here this afternoon and we've got to follow the law of God. The law of God is one accord. Love for one another. He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God believeth, hopeeth all things, trust in all things, to do with all things. There you are. One accord. Everybody under expectation that God's going to pour down his power. Can you say yes tonight? &gt;&gt; You know it's here. Scientifically, you know it's here. Lookie, how could Mrs. Waldrup be sitting here and dying of cancer? How many across the world? a thousands of times, thousands of cases. How could you, how could a drunkard a few weeks ago or a few months ago and a gentleman this afternoon, how could a street harlot a few weeks ago and a lady this afternoon by the transforming power of God being transmitted by the Holy Ghost into your heart changed your nature and changed your making, it made you another person. That's right. You might not have felt it. Hallelujah. I don't know. I don't know about that. I don't know. You might not have felt it, but it's here anyhow. Whether you feel it or whether you don't, let's give God thanks for it, for it's here anyhow, whether you feel it or whether you don't, I can prove to you right now there's radio coming uh in through here. You don't feel it, but you know it's there. There's television pictures coming right through here. There's probably messages you've got on your phone when we've been having this conversation tonight, but you didn't see them come in, right? They're in invisible something that's come in, but it's here, right? Yes. Going right through you. Somebody saying yes on the radio. Well, it comes right through you as it goes through them them powers, electronics and so forth as it goes through your body. Now when it hits against that crystal in the set or it just catches it like that and you hear yes. Now if God is up there by his stripes you were healed and the Holy Ghost entwines and brings that down by the power of God. Your heart is set on that and it says yes. &gt;&gt; You hear it? You hear the voice of yes. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive it. Lord, we prayed for a meeting. We've been fasting for a meeting. We've been crying for a meeting. Yes, Lord. I believe the meeting's on the road. Then stand there like that until power of God comes down and it hits and it says yes. And the next man says yes. And the next man says yes. And then you got double the power of yes. Yes. Triple the power of yes. Four times the power of yes. First thing you know, it becomes thousands of powers of yes. Then the Holy Spirit moves in and confirms the word of God with signs and wonders following. That's it. That's what we need. An expectation. Yes. Yes. Yes. If you could say it and then you could say it and you could say a thousand yeses &gt;&gt; to the promises of God and expectation that he can move in our midst tonight. You know that's what's the matter with the church today is they don't get in the spirit enough. &gt;&gt; We're too much in ourselves. Maya, if you'll just get out of yourself long enough. You say, "Well, you know, our church, we have a regular routine." Oh, who cares about your routine? I wish you'd get out of the routine long enough to get saved. Get saved. Get out of the routine. We don't care about the routine. Get in the spirit and then you can see things done. And until you get in the spirit of liberty, you'll always be in bondage. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't ask advice from a prisoner about how to get free. Some of you are young and impressionable. Don't take financial advice from your broke uncle. &gt;&gt; Right? Why would you do that? Why would you take advice from somebody who's never All right? Why would you take advice from somebody who's never dwelt under the presence of that shakina glory and tell you that it doesn't exist or it's just fanaticism or it's just it's just a ridiculous idea. I don't take advice from somebody who's never been under that. That's why there's a commission in this end time that every ministry should have met him on the sacred sands face to face. Come under the washing of that shakina glory so that we can know what we're talking about. When I can tell you that when you get under this shakina washing, it'll clean you. It'll cleanse you. It'll loose you. It'll wash you from the cares of this age. It will make you a new creation in Christ. I know what I'm speaking of. Brother Matt's a testimony. We know what we're talking about because we were not in the pathway of God. &gt;&gt; But under that shikina presence, under that dispensation of his Holy Ghost outpouring, &gt;&gt; oh my, it never gets old. I don't believe there's an expiration on it. &gt;&gt; I believe you got to come the same way that Paul came. &gt;&gt; You got to come the same way that I came. You got to come the same way that Jason came. You got to come the same way that every surrendered heart has come. There is no silver spoon in the message of the hour that you are exempt from getting under the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is a mandatory requirement in this age. And until we surrender our own idea and say, "Lord, do what you want with me. Wash me in your word. I don't like me. I want you." &gt;&gt; Your thoughts have never won you a battle. They have never made you succeed, but just one of his thoughts. Hallelujah. I know the thoughts that I think towards you. They are thoughts of good. They are thoughts of peace to give you an expected end of victory. &gt;&gt; He's not giving you expected end of defeat. Friend, you are victorious through Christ who strengthens you. You can do all things. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But you have to come under the same the same blood that we've all had to come under. Well, I don't know what it'll make me do. Well, maybe it'll make you come and and and maybe it'll make you be a preacher one night at a Thursday night at a Bethl camp. You don't know what it'll make you do. But one thing it will do is it will free you from the oppressions of this age where the only place that you can tr you can find true freedom. Medications wear off. Some of you are here. You don't have your parents that you to cry on their shoulder. So, you need somebody that goes with you all the time. everywhere. What happens if I get into one of my anxiety fits at this camp? There's a God here who is more powerful than any Xanax. There's a God here who is more powerful than any medication of this age. He's a God who can fix you under his anointing and his presence. Now, I'm not preaching against medication. Take it if you have it. But there's a God who who can restore your body back to where it was when you didn't have that struggle, when you didn't have that thing. You know that God sees you the way that he made you in the back part of his mind before there ever was a trial. You are in God's mind. That means he's not looking at you through your sin or your fault. He's looking at you the way that he sees you in his mind. Before there ever was a trial, I just like to tell the devil this tonight. I'm older than you. &gt;&gt; Before Lucifer was, you were. And before Lucifer was, you were an overcomer. That means that whatever he can produce, it cannot take you out of your position because you came from before him. Before there ever was iniquity found, you are already in the mind of God. And who has more authority on earth? A son of God or an angel? &gt;&gt; A son of God. Which means on your worst day when you feel like the worst Christian in the building, even if iniquity had never been found in Lucifer, you are still over him. He is still under your feet. Your position is over the devil. Your position is to tread on serpents. Your position is to overcome in this age. Wow. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You've been given authority. And I'm looking at faces and voices that have more authority. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If one can chase a thousand. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. What's the potential in this room? We're not waiting for the attack to come. The attack's already on us, friends. There's already 200,000,000 demons attacking you. They're already plaguing your mind. They already stopped you from coming here. Tried to stop you from coming here. But guess what? They didn't have enough cuz you came anyway. You overcame what was trying to say, "No, I can't go." Or, "No, I don't want to make it." You had something within you that was a greater driving force than 200,000,000 demons because Satan sent his best to this age. I really believe that we're not just fighting little spirits, conjur, these are the worst of the worst, right? You know, you you deal with them. These are the worst devils that there ever has been on the face of the earth. And the devil has sent his best to attack you. But God also sent his best. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm gonna say it again. God also sent his best. While the devil threw everything he could at you, God had already thought of you in his mind as an overcomer in this age. And he said, "I'll send them to that time when the greatest of enemies is plaguing minds and taking victories and ripping apart homes and ripping apart relationships with God. I'll send you and I'll send you and I'll send her and her and her because they will be overcomers under the greatest dispensation that we've ever known." This is your age, friend. This is not a Methodist age. This is not a Pentecostal age. This is a bride age. And I believe that the bride has been given authority to rule in this age. We're not going to control the politics of the world. We're moving in liberty with the word. You've been given full authority. You've been given the right to move into every promise that God has saved for this position in time. It's yours, friend. Well, we don't do it that way at our church. We don't do it that way in our but I'm going to just ask you. This is not your church. This is not my church. This is a message camp where we want the message to have liberty. We want the message to move upon the young people as the message has promised to do. And the message has brought liberty to the captive and said this day this scripture is fulfilled. If you finish the rest of that scripture, Jesus closes the book, right? And then we find it open again in Revelations. And what's the rest of that scripture? in the day of his vengeance. &gt;&gt; Take that word vengeance. It means vindicated. In the day of his vindication, &gt;&gt; you know what that word means? It means loosed. In the day of the loosing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry, I don't want to go into the Greek, but there's a lot of powerful words in there. In the day of his loosing. Why would he call this the day of his loosing? You go to Revelations 15. Who hath washed us in his blood. Right? Brother Brandham tells us in the church age book that that word washed is loosed. So he has loosed us in this age. And why would he loose us in this age, but that we could have liberty under the word of God. There is no quote that I'm ashamed of. There is no section of the message that I will back up on. I believe this is the full word. I believe everything in it is for this age. I believe everything in it is for this time. I don't care if it was pre63 or post 63. I believe it was for a bride at the end time that we might gain access to the promises of God and we don't have to lay down in this Leo to seeing world that we're in. But we're rising up. You're rising up. Can you say yes to that tonight? Can you say yes and four yeses and five yeses? &gt;&gt; This is our age, our time. Friends, I don't believe I'm preaching to the church of tomorrow. I believe I'm preaching to the church of right now. You are today's church. &gt;&gt; I believe there's a powerhouse laying inside you that if you would allow the Lord to use it, &gt;&gt; every enemy, every enemy will fall short under that anointing. He's done it before and he's promised to do it again. Friend, he's just looking for you to put the yes in your mouth. Say yes. I believe that. Yes. This message is for me. Yes, intellectually it'll never work. But with a true experience, this word becomes yay and amen. Every promise of God, no matter what it looks like, no matter what you feel like, this word will produce what it said it will produce. &gt;&gt; In spite of my weaknesses, if it was on my strength, I would have given up a long time ago. But it's not on my strength. I said yes. And when I said yes almost 20 years ago now, that yes is still ringing in my life. That yes is still coming forth in my life. That yes is still yay and amen. Trials, yes. Fallen, yes. Mistakes, yes. But the commitment holds. &gt;&gt; The yes that I promised him holds. And whatever the devil could bring against me, it's not enough to stop what God has already planned. &gt;&gt; Who's greater? Come on, friends. Let's just take this simple. Who's more powerful? Well, God is. So, whose plan's going to win? Well, God's plan. Who's in God's plan? Yes. Who's an overcomer sent to this age? Yes. Who's going to defeat every enemy that they're facing in their life? Yes. &gt;&gt; He's given us everything that we have need of. He showed us that this word works. This message works, friends. This word will stand the test of time. Even when you don't see it or you don't feel like you may not understand it, he never asked you to understand it. &gt;&gt; Moses didn't even know how to read. But he didn't ask Moses to read. He asked Moses to have a faith that when he jumped there'd be a hole there when he got there. He didn't ask you to understand every quote and every every scripture and to tie together the seals and the trumpets and all these. He didn't ask that of you. He asked if you believe. Lord, I need help. I need I need some help. You told me that I could overcome every giant that I'm fighting. I need help. You know, it's okay sometimes, friends. I don't have this all together. I need help. I got to have help. I I I need I need I need the Lord to come in this situation. I got to have help. Any any man of wisdom will testify to you. They never did anything on their own. It took the help of God. And Joshua said, "Lord, I need help. You promised and stones of fire rain down from heaven." Think this is impossible. This is an impossible feat that hailstones from heaven would rain down from from heaven and they only hit the giants. Why? Because a man asked for help. &gt;&gt; And there they are in the midst of the battle and he's about to draw his sword and go after one and boom, there's a giant giant falls before him. Another hailstone. Boom. And another giant falls before him and another giant falls before him and another giant. Another giant. Before they know it, that entire valley was defeated. And all of the giants were underneath of those stones. Right now, we think of these stones as big, big, huge boulders, right? That rain from heaven. But God moves in small ways. God moves in what we would we would maybe overlook, but he's moving. &gt;&gt; It might just be a little yes from you tonight, but he's moving. If I could just get a whisper of a yes. Yes. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. And these these these stones were created for the purpose of killing giants. That was what God designed them for. You know, there's things in our in our potential, in our hand, that have been designed to destroy giants in this age. Remember, it was David, the same David that nobody bet on was there in the valley against Goliath. And that giant had stopped the move of God. Everybody was so afraid to move. But there was a David amongst them. David just had a little visit with the Lord down by the stream. We stopped on the road here. I was down by the little stream. Beautiful area down there. I just began to look at the little little stones. The Lord refreshed this thought to me. Nobody saw potential in those little stones. Nobody saw the potential that those stones would carry in them. Maybe nobody sees the potential in you. Maybe you're just thinking you're an insignificant youth here. Just maybe nobody's really recognized the potential in you. There's a God who designed you. Who knows right where you're at, who has polished you for such a time as this. David just bends down and picks up. Well, here's a peculiar looking stone. All sudden, David begins to recall, "These stones have killed giants before. I'm in the same valley where Joshua fought those giants. This is a peculiar looking stone. I'm going to pick this up." Works is faith expressed. That's a peculiar looking stone. But this has killed giants before. I'm going to put this in my satchel and I'm going to go I'm going to go to the war. Oh, here's another peculiar looking stone. The mighty conqueror. That's a peculiar looking one. But this has killed giants before. I'm going to put it in my stature. You see, friends, we didn't get sent here without ammunition, but we have everything that we have need of to overcome in this age. And it may seem peculiar to you, but if you pick it up and you put it in the sling of your mouth and you say yes to the promise of God, you say yes, yes, yes, yes, then that promise will come to pass in your life. These stones have killed giants before. Hallelujah. I was right here on this stage last year. And giants were killed here before. And you know what, brother Matt? It's going to be the same thing this year. There's going to be giants slain all over this building because somebody will rise up and they will say, "I am I am I am I am a David. I am a I am a Paul. I am an Isaiah. I am an Esther. I am a Ruth. I say yes to the promises of God." &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's no power that can hold back when you recognize if you say to this mountain. Yes. Yes. The music players will come. Yes. Yes. Once more, Lord. Yes. Do it in me. Yes. Now friend, I don't know what your expectation is, but if you had an expectation to come to these services and receive an outpouring of the Holy Ghost, then it's yours if you just say yes. If you came to these services and you have an expectation of being healed, it's yours if you could say yes. You're coming to this camp, Lord, I just want to have I want to be clear of all the confusion. You know that in just one word, he can clear away the confusion of a lifetime. Alls it takes is a yes from you. But friends, you got you got people here to fight for you. Brother Matt's here. Brother Matt's here. Brother Codra's here. We're here to fight for you. Brother Paul's here. Brother Brad's here. We're here to fight for you. How many elders will fight for the young people? These counselors didn't come here. These people workers didn't come here just because they have nothing else to do. They're here for you. They thought so much of you that they would come and sacrifice their time and they would they would come down to this camp so that they could create an atmosphere where you could enter into the promises of God. Friends, don't go home when you got nobody to fight with you. Take the battle now. Take the battle now while there's swords drawn in your favor that are driving back the spirits. You've been given a bucket in this age and I say you fill it up while you're here. Lord, fill my bucket. fill my cup, fill all that I am. I don't want this to exhaust when I get home, but I want to be refreshed, renewed, under under a new anointing, a new authority in my life. I I say what the devil says is a lie, and I say yes to the promises of God. Yes and amen to everything that God has delivered to his church in this age. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Is that simple enough for us tonight? Can you just say yes this weekend? just a yes when the inspiration of the Lord comes by. Maybe it'll be in a morning devotion. Maybe it'll be in a conversation with somebody this weekend. Maybe it'll be while the man of God is preaching the message across this pulpit. Could you just say yes? Yes, Lord. Maybe you don't feel victorious tonight, but can you see it? Can you see a victorious you that's not under the under the dominion of the attacks of the enemy in this age? How about it? How about it in this section? Can you see yourself unanxious, delivered from every fear and every worry? Can you see yourself liberated? Can you see you see somebody else rejoicing in the in the spirit of God? You say, "I want that to be me." Can you see yourself in that position? Can you see yourself in the position of liberty where you don't care who's around? You don't care what's going on around you. It's you and the Lord and nobody else. Can Can you see yourself there? You might not feel it right now. I'm not asking you if you feel it, but can you see it? Can you see yourself with a real smile on before that old demon of depression creeped in your life? Tried to take away every victory that you had. Remember what it looked like when you used to look in the mirror and smile? You may not feel that way, but can you see it? Can you say, "Yes, that's that's who I am. Yes, I I I'm I'm a true son of God. Yeah, that's who I am. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the devil's had his way with me and had me torn apart this way and this way, but I'm a true son of God. That's who I am. Can you see that tonight? &gt;&gt; Can you see yourself walking in the victory, &gt;&gt; friend? the potential that's been released in this age, in this meeting. You might wonder how you ended up here, but God set you up. He's not going to leave one. He's not going to forget one, but he knows you. He built you. What if we could just sing that song? Yes. Yes. Lord your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strange in the light of his glory [Music] and grace. [Music] Just turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things [Music] her will grow [Music] [Music] and we can sing that song. I give myself away. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you can you How many can say yes tonight? [Music] I give myself away so you can use here I Yeah. When nobody else nobody else thought I would be a winner. He chose me. He placed me. He anointed me. And he didn't anoint me sparingly. But in this age, he poured out the bottle of anointing oil upon his church. And he said, "You will be an overcomer. You will be victorious." I choose that me. It's a reality, friends. It's a reality. It's a yes. That's not a hard word. Just say yes. I'll say yes. I'll say yes. Yes. Oh yes, Lord. Yes. Hallelujah. My life is not my own. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh my life. &gt;&gt; Come on now. To you. I belong. &gt;&gt; Let me hear you. &gt;&gt; I give myself. I give myself. Oh my life is not my own life is not my own. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I belong to Jesus. &gt;&gt; I give myself I give myself to you. &gt;&gt; One more time. &gt;&gt; My life is not my own. My life is not my own. To I belong. I give myself. I give myself. Oh, I give myself I give myself away. Let that be your prayer song. I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, I give myself away. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Oh. Oh yes. I give myself away so you &gt;&gt; so you &gt;&gt; so you can use me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand this evening. My goodness. [Applause] You know I was reminded of brother Brandamman conferences 63. He said, referring to the scripture, he's the high priest of your confession. Brother Brandham would take a number of sermons and go into detail and and just nail it down that if you're afraid to confess, even Jesus can't help you because he's the high priest of your confession. He says he can only here's one of the places he can only only help you as you believe it. &gt;&gt; You know, I remember five, six years ago now, brother Matthew had a tremendous vision for this camp and but it seemed almost impossible. It seemed like there were so many things that said, "No, there's no way a camp of this scale, we can have youth weekends, but to have a camp like this, but this was brother Matt's vision. I had had that vision years ago and thought, I'll never be able to pull it off." And I I I'm grateful to the Lord that we began to coales teams and and began to take a hold of that vision. And people just started saying, "Yes, we can do this." And the enemy kept saying, "No, you can't." And we kept saying, "Yes, we can." And the enemy just said, "No, there's this problem. There's that problem." But somehow the Holy Spirit just kept saying, "Yes. Yes." I'm here to tell you something, friends. You might have had every kind of problem in the world getting here. Might have been impossible. But I think the Holy Spirit was saying, "Yes, you can get here. And yes, you're going to be given an opportunity. You are here tonight to you. You've come here this weekend to receive your opportunity to hear the word and say yes. Hallelujah. Are you willing to say yes to the word? Listen friends, that's how the Holy Ghost comes. The the the Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a revelation personally of Christ to you. That's the new birth. That's what the Holy Ghost seals in you is a perfect faith in the revealed word of this hour. That is that is what the Holy Ghost seals inside you. And I promise you when that happens, you'll never say no to it again. Everything, every word, every line, you'll say yes Lord. Yes, Lord. How many have had had that experience? I say yes to every word. &gt;&gt; I want to tell you something, friends. When brother Ronnie said, "When you know when when you when you say yes, you're saying no to the world." And I thought to myself, you know, when when I say yes to the word, that's all God hears. God God hears me say yes and then God hears me say no to the world. That's what God is hearing. The devil will never hear you say no to him. You might not even think you say no to the world sufficiently. We've all been there. Amen. &gt;&gt; But I'm here to tell you something. When I said yes to the word, the Holy Spirit from that moment has never heard me say no again to the word of God. It's yes to the word, no to the world. And I don't care what the devil I'm here to tell you, he can he can jump up and down. He can complain. But, you know, I found out that I'm older than him. And and I found out I started before him. And I found out I'll still be alive when he's a spoonful of ashes at the bottom of the lake of fire. I'll still be saying yes to every word of God. [Music] I want to say yes, Lord, to every word. That's the opportunity you have here tonight. You've heard the word. Say yes to it. Jesus can't help you if you're afraid to confess it. Quit believing the devil. And for sure, quit believing you. Start believing him. &gt;&gt; Amen. I said I said a long time ago when I when I met him, brother Ronnie, when I met Jesus, I didn't want to be me anymore. I was so done with me. I want to tell you something, friends. When Jacob finally got a hold, when Jacob wrestled with that angel, Jacob was so done with being Jacob. Oh, I met Jesus. I was so done with being me. I wanted to be him. I've wanted to be him ever since that hour, every day of my life. Sometimes I feel like, oh my goodness, I'm so far behind. But all I know is is he keeps hearing me say yes. Yes. Yes. To the word of God. Amen. Brother Wes, you're going to sing a song, I think, for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let's sing along with our brother in worship. This is the beautiful time when the Holy Spirit can come and water the seed of the gospel. You know, Jesus called it that. Jesus called the gospel a seed. And I'm going to tell you something, friends. It's good seed. You let it get planted in your heart and let the Holy Spirit water it. You won't have to worry about it growing. It'll grow a life of the It'll grow you into a garden of God's life and you won't even all there's not enough devils in hell to stop it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing. Let's sing with Brother Wesley tonight. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. &gt;&gt; Come on. Burn like a fire. &gt;&gt; Come on. Before we go here tonight, &gt;&gt; let's sing that again. Oh, break every stronghold. &gt;&gt; Break them all, Lord. &gt;&gt; Shine through. Oh, the shadows burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; How many here &gt;&gt; say that's my testimony tonight? &gt;&gt; Over every heart &gt;&gt; and every mile, &gt;&gt; every one of them. &gt;&gt; Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh my. I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name. Oh, sing it now. &gt;&gt; Lift it up. &gt;&gt; Oh, till every dark addiction starts to break. &gt;&gt; Every one of them grant it, Lord. declaring there is hope and there is freedom tonight right now speak Jesus hallelujah &gt;&gt; what do we believe your name is power &gt;&gt; your name is healing your name is life hallelujah Power every stronghold. Every one of us shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. How beautiful. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Oh declaring there is hope and there is freedom. &gt;&gt; There's freedom. &gt;&gt; Oh I speak Jesus. Oh, &gt;&gt; right here in this building. &gt;&gt; Your name is power. &gt;&gt; Right here, right now. &gt;&gt; Your name is right now. &gt;&gt; Your name is Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Lift it up. Break every stronghold. Oh, shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. Oh, and I just want to speak the name. Oh, why don't we speak it tonight? Oh, yes. Over fear and all anxiety. [Music] Oh, till every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus. Oh, your name, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh yes it is Lord. Oh break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Oh like a fire. [Applause] Oh your name. Your name is power. Oh your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stone. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Her life a fire. Shout Jesus. Oh yes. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus in the darkness. over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh shout Jesus from the valley. Oh Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Oh Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh my speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh your name. Your name is power. Oh, your name is healing. Your name is alive. Oh yeah. Break every strongh. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Your name. Your name is power. Oh, your name is healing. Your name is lou. Oh yes. Break every strle. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name. The name, the name of Jesus Christ, my beautiful name. What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; And nothing compares to this. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. the name. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, the name of Jesus Christ my king. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is a name. Oh, what a powerful name. What a powerful name it is. Oh, what a powerful name it is. Powerful name of Jesus Christ my king. [Applause] [Music] And nothing compares to this. What a powerful name it is. The name of the powerful, what a powerful name it is. Oh, hallelujah. What a powerful name it is. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. The name of Jesus Christ my s what a powerful name it is powerful name nothing can stand against oh what a powerful name it is the neighbor oh what a wonderful wonderful name it is oh what a wonderful name it is the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is and nothing can stand against. Oh what a wonderful name it is the name of &gt;&gt; I wonder without the music. What a wonderful name. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful name it is. Let me hear those voices. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lift it up now. &gt;&gt; Oh, let him hear you. &gt;&gt; He's listening. &gt;&gt; Can you hear that, Lord? That's young men and young women that love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Worthy of God. Worthy is the lamb of God. My goodness, friends. Wonderful to have been in the house of God tonight. Have you enjoyed the word? &gt;&gt; I'm going to tell you something, friends. I believe that God has great things in store. You don't have to wait for another service. You can have everything met in tonight, right now. You don't have to leave here at all. I'm going to pray a prayer before we close. I'm going to pray a closing prayer. I suppose I don't think there's any other announcements to make. Just breakfast in the morning and u concessions are open tonight and then breakfast in the morning. Amen. You know, I I thought about brother Ronnie making that statement and I never thought about that before. You know, there was nothing special about those smooth stones that David picked up. There was no potential in those. I mean, think about when God, Brother Bram talks about like that that clinker that flew off of the sun and it flew so far and God said, "Stop right there." And he just started forming it and working on it over however many eons. And brother Ram said it doesn't say how long. Just in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. And you know, I've often thought about what was going through his mind when he made that small lonely hill that would be known as Goltha. And you know, I think it was perfectly in the mind of God when he laid smooth stones right there in a brook that thousands of years later, a young shepherd boy would hear a giant making claims that he couldn't back up and and cursing the God of Israel. And he picks up stones that had no chance of themselves to slay a giant. But once they were put in the hand and the sling of a man of faith, they became giant killers. I want to tell you something, friends. Don't let the devil cause you to devalue the value God sees in you and has chosen you and saw you and elected you to be here tonight to say yes to the word of God. That single that that's that's all that they did. Israel waited for for 1600 years of law. They waited for a day of jubilee. That long awaited Jubilee finally came on the day of Pentecost. And you know what? When they came that room and those devout Jews from all points around come there for the for the feast and all they heard was a word of God that pricricked their hearts and they just said, "Yes, what must we do?" Peter said, "You must do this." They said, "Yes." Amen. That's all it takes, friends, is a faith, an un an unyielding faith and a complete heart surrender to the word of God. The Holy Ghost is not a hard thing to get. All he needs is a complete vessel that says yes to every word and surrenders everything that you've ever been. And make that repentance full and unequivocal. and the promises unto you and to your children and as many as are are far off as many as the ever tonight. Did you hear his call to you tonight? Amen. Don't let the devil tell you it's somewhere way off. It's hard to get. It's not. The Lord, Brother Brandham said, the Lord wants to seal you into the Holy Ghost more than you even want to receive it yourself. I'm here. That's why we're here, friends. That's why we're preaching. That's why we're singing. That's why we're gathering. Is is not we can't give you the Holy Ghost. What we can do is give you the word. He sent his word and healed the people. Amen. You're washed clean by the washing of the water of the word. The Bible says the word of God is health to all your flesh, mind, body, and soul. You believe that? &gt;&gt; I want to tell you something, friends. You just make up your mind that I am to every word that proceedth from the mouth of God. And that's what you're going to hear. That's what you heard tonight. You didn't hear a man's opinion. You heard the word of God. Amen. Amen. I want to pray for you before we go. And we're going to let you go out and uh and have some fellowship and concessions are open. We'll see you tomorrow morning. We're going to have breakfast and a and uh and and ministry of the word tomorrow morning. So, we're looking forward to that. I want you to be praying for brother Paula Fontaine. Amen. Brother Paul, are you here? Wave at me. Is he in the building? Amen. I'm not sure. Brother Paul was really under the weather. Okay. Very good. Very good. And uh the enemy fought him some days before coming here and uh he by faith he got on the plane and made it here today. So you will you be holding up our brother in prayer. Amen. We don't want to uh we want to see the Lord have him at 100%. I just want to see the devil completely defeated. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Master, as we come to the end of this first night, Lord, it won't even it'll hardly it it'll be hard to believe how fast these services will go by. These days will just fly by, Lord. And we want to be able to maximize every waking hour, every moment, Father, that we can get more of you, Master. I pray that you will inspire these young men and young women to go from here tonight. And father, no matter what the challenge that is in their life, all you need them to do is say yes. Say amen to every word of God. Lord, you'll grant you you've sent us the perfect word and you sent us the faith to believe that word. All we have to do is accept it and receive it. You can't help us if we won't confess it. I'm not going to confess what the devil says anymore about me. I'm not going to confess what I think about me. I'm going to confess what he has said about me. I'm a believer in his word. There's something Lord from the depths of my soul that although many times I fail you, but I I have a perfect faith. Perfect faith resides in my innermost being. I say amen to every word of God. Lord, may you give these young men and young women who have come here who maybe don't know you and the power of your resurrection. Lord, I pray that you will give them a courage to go from here tonight that that that no matter what the circumstance is, no matter what of a failure they might feel, no matter what the enemy has lied to them, that they will go away from here with courage to say, "I believe what I heard tonight. I accept it. I believe it. I confess it. I put it on my lips and I speak it." Lord, may when they go to sleep tonight, the last thing they'll remember saying is, "Yes, Lord. I believe your word." When they wake up tomorrow morning, may they say, "Yeah, Lord. Yes, I'm continuing to believe your word. I say yes." May you grant it, Lord. We commit them into your hands tonight as we conclude this first night's service. Lord, may you bless us through the night. Keep us safe, Father. May give us the good night's rest. We'll rise tomorrow morning ready to receive more of you, Lord God. I pray you'll grant it. We believe you will grant it, Lord. And we accept it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Shake hands with somebody near you. God bless you. You can be dismissed at your leisure. These musicians will play and we'll sing. If you want to stay in worship, you're more than welcome. God bless you. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise oh Jesus now [Music] for we are standing in his presence on holy around. Oh, when we are standing [Applause] on holy ground. [Music] Oh, and I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise. [Applause] Let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] Oh, let us praise [Music] Jesus now. [Music] Oh, we are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Sorry, Lord, for the things I've made. But it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. And it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you. Oh, I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come [Music] longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. [Music] Wo I bring you more than a song for a song in itself if not what you have required. &gt;&gt; You search much deeper than this &gt;&gt; and the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Oh, I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. When it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless worth. Oh, no one could express how much you deserve. Oh, though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. every single breath. Oh, I'll give you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within. [Music]
