################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 250615-Caleb Campbell:The Mystery Made Manifest:  From Revelation to Resurrection - Caleb Campbell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   250615-Caleb Campbell:The Mystery Made Manifest:  From Revelation to Resurrection
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhwbbWi9Y8o
========================================

And I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Live me name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lives in me. Amen. Aren't you thankful that he lifted you out of the cosmos and thinking of this world? Amen. To think heavenly thoughts. Not like what our pastor says, heavenly thoughts, your future is bright. Look around you today. It doesn't look so good, but your future is bright. This is not our home. Amen. Thank the Lord. I just want to welcome our visitors and those that are streaming this morning. Pray that something was said because we already had the word brought in Sunday school. Something was said that would edify you and strengthen you. Help you think heavenly thoughts. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. And Lord, we we dedicate this day as humans as Father's Day. We calls to mind. And I know how much brother Brandham loved his father. But it came to a place there was something inside that he was no longer the the son of Charles and Ella Brandom. Lord, spiritually you had taken that place in our brother's lives. And Lord, in our lives this morning, born again by your spirit. Father, you are our father. We love you. We thank you for that. Father, pray that you'll bless your people today, Lord. Help us, Father, to honor you and worship you. You deserve it all, Lord. We thank you for what you've done for us. As we collect the tithes and offerings, we pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Father, I pray for those that are sick, not feeling well, whatever their circumstance, whatever situation they're in. Father, as a child, I just lift up the name of Jesus Christ to you for their healing, for their comfort, for their strength. Touch their bodies, touch their hearts, touch their minds, Lord. Fill us again and again with thy Holy Spirit. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him. For his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up me Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, wherever I go, wherever I am, for his love surrounds me like a sea. How praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name. The name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lives in me. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Oh, give me all in my lamb I pray. Oh, give me all you my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Let me sing it out. Oh, give me all. Keep me burning. Oh, give me your in my lamb. I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the bra. Oh, [Music] I see. Hold up. Sing to the King of Kings. Sing up to the King. Oh, give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Oh, give me all in my lamb I pray. Give me Lord in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Let's do it like we were singing it back there real quick. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lamb I pray. Sing and give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Everybody say see to the king of king will sing up. Sing to the king. Want your turn and reach your brothers. Listen this morning. Sing hosana. Sing hosana up. Sing hosana to the king. The king hosana up. Sing. Hosanana. Sing. Hosanana to the king. Well, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lamp I pray. Give me all in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of one more time. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me all in my lamp I pray. Give me all in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Amen. Amen. Let me give that for belief. [Music] My God is awome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, and hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. strength where I am weakened. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. [Music] He's awome. [Music] He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes are healed. My God is awome. Today I am forgiving. His grace is worth living. Praise his holy name. My mother [Music] is Yes. [Music] Awesome. Oh, he awesome. He is awesome. Awesome. My God is awesome. He's the savior of the whole world. of salvation. By his stripes are healed. My God is awesome. Today I am for him. His grace is worthy. Praise his holy name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. He's my God is he great. He's great. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Protector My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is awesome. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. And before we seated, give me the key of B flat. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord for a few minutes. The splender of a king clothe in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps itself in light and darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. H to age he stands and time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The Godhead and three is one. He's the father's spear and son. The lion and the lamb. Lion and the lamb. How great, how great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Sing how great, how great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Let's get our way of as we sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see. How great, how great is our God. How great is our God. How great is our God. Sing to me. How great is our God. And I will see how great how great is our God. He's amazing. [Music] He's worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. Our great is our God. He's the name above all name. He's worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all sing. How great how great is our God. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Let's have our seats. Amen. [Music] Sister Rebecca. Amen. I think I have Sister Deborah and Sister Sarah going to give us a song. Amen. Let's have them come. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. All that's good and perfect comes from you. [Music] You're the heart of my contentment, hope for all I do. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. [Music] When I've lost my direction, [Music] you're the compass for my way. And you're the fire and light when the nights are long and cold. in sadness. You are the laughter [Music] that shatters all my fears. And when I'm all alone, your hand is there to hold. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. And all that's good and perfect comes from you. You're the heart of my contentment. Hope for all I do. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. You are why I find pleasure in the simple things in life. And you're the music in the meadows and the streams. the voices of my children, my family and my home. And you're the source and the finish of my highest dreams. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. And all that's good and perfect comes from you. [Music] You're the heart of my contentment. Hope for all I do. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. [Applause] Amen, brother Brad. Amen. Come on. Amen. I think you and Lana have a song for us. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Is that on? There we go. Come on up here, sweetheart. Last time I I was making a mistake supposedly. So this time we see your mom. Stand up. Stand up. Stand up. Here we go. Got to see your mom. Okay, this is an interactive one. Everybody, remember when David lost everything and he had to go back to the enemy's camp. What did he get back? Everything the enemy stole from him. Amen. Let's all stand up. Y'all can sing this with us. You ready, sweetheart? Here's your microphone. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. Took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. Satan, you are under my feet. Let's sing that again. Where I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole me. I took back what he stole from me. I went through the enemies camp and I took back what he stole from me. Satan, you're under my feet. You're under my feet. You're under my feet. You're under my feet. You're under my feet. You're under my feet. Satan, I know you're under my feet. [Music] All right. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of prayer? [Music] [Applause] We got another one. Ready? Look at mom. Go the B I V L E. That's the book for me. I stand upon the word of God. The P I Vible. The B I V. Yes, that's the book for me. I stand upon the word of God, the B I B L E. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] Let's give her another hand. Amen. I want you to stand with me. Amen. [Music] Because he lives. [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know. Oh, he holds my future. [Music] My life is worth the living trust because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. [Music] Our life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's sing it again in worship. Oh, because he lives. [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. Let's give the Lord a way of offering. All my fear is gone because I know behold my future [Music] now. Life is worth the living because he lives. Listen now. God sent his son. Sing it out. Oh, they call him Jesus. [Music] He came to love, [Music] heal, and forive. He bled and died to by my heart and empty grace. Is there proof my savior lives? Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. Everyone should be worshiping me because I know. Yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth the living because he lives. If you have it, the Lord lives. Amen. Oh, because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. because I know yes I know he holds my future [Music] and life is worth the living because he lives and brother Caleb comes I sent his son. They call him Jesus. He came to love, [Music] heal, and forive. [Music] be blessed. And I to by my partner and empty gra is there through my savior. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. All fear God because I know oh he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's sing the last verse now. And then one day [Music] I'll cross the river and fight. No will [Music] and when there is way to victory I'll see the light of glory. I know he lives and because he liv I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone. Because I know he holds my future. My life is worth the living because he lives. [Applause] because he lives. Amen. We can face tomorrow. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. God bless you this Sunday morning. Appreciate the worship and the specials. Great to hear my family sing and hear all y'all singing from the back. That was that was awesome. Always appreciate just an opportunity to stand here for the Lord. It's something that we don't take lightly. uh standing here before his people and bringing the word, preaching the gospel. You know, even though I always, I'm sure all of us, we all all get nervous and flustered and have a roller coaster of ups and downs preparing for the service, I do love preaching the word. Amen. Want to wish all the fathers out there happy Father's Day. Amen. God bless y'all. I've been incredibly blessed to have a a earthly father that I can really look up to and he's really grown into be one of my best friends as as an adult. So sure appreciate my dad and his influence and also my father-in-law. You know, I remember when Joy and I were uh in the beginning stages of our relationship and he would have quite a few fatherly conversations with me, you know, and for a time there, I I wasn't sure I was ever going to convince him that I was the guy for her. Um Amen. He would always tell me that he believed that God had somebody special for her. And you know, from the way he said it, I wasn't fully convinced. He wasn't fully convinced that it was me. Amen. But you know, I look back on those times and I I I greatly appreciate that. Amen. What I want to be for my daughter. So sure appreciate him. And you know, most importantly, we have a heavenly father and that's what we're here today for. Amen. And and to celebrate him. Want to remember pastor and brother Matt today. I think in Poland. Um brother Jason Demar's out of town. Anybody else? Um, anybody else that that might be traveling, uh, any visitors that might be here, God bless you. Good to have you, have you in the house of the Lord. Um, Brother Matt and Sister Katie, the newest father and his precious wife. Uh, we want to remember them in prayer, their precious little baby today. Amen. So, God bless you. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to the word. Appreciated the all the all the music and appreciated the Sunday school this morning. Amen. We're going to go to Colossians chapter 1. Colossians chapter 1 and verses 15 and then we're going to read down to 29 and then turn over into the book of Romans. So Colossians 1 vers 15. Amen. And it says, "Who is the ini the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature? For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the Father that in him all fullness dwell. And having made peace through the blood of his cross by him to reconcile all things unto himself by him, I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled, Amen. in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved, away from the hope of the gospel which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven, whereof I, Paul, am made a minister, who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh, for his body's sakes, for his body's sake, which is the church, whereof I am made a minister. according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which hath been hid from the ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom would make known what is the riches of his of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus, where unto I also labor, striving according to his workings, which workketh in me mightily. If you turn over to Romans the 8th chapter, Romans chapter 8, and just the first few verses there down to 11, there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do and that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enmity against God. For it it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can it be. So when they that are in the flesh, so that so then that they are in the flesh cannot please God. But you are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if his and if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the d dead dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Amen. I'm going to take a thought by the help of the Lord this morning titled the mystery made manifest. And I want to subtitle that from revelation to resurrection. The mystery made manifest from revelation to resurrection. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we just thank you so much, Lord, just for this opportunity to be in the house of God this morning. Lord God, we've just come gathered together, Lord, not to hear any man, Lord, but to hear from the throne room of God. Lord, may you come and break the bread of life to us, Lord. May you move me aside as a vessel, Lord God. Father, may you just quicken, Lord, the word to our hearts, Lord God. May this be father, Lord, we're not thinking of, Lord, our h have to-dos for next week, Lord, or tomorrow. We're here, Lord Jesus. Father, for you to just speak to us, Lord God. Lord, may you open up our hearts to hear, Lord God, and receive whatever it is that you have from us, Lord. We love you now, and we ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you as you take your seats this morning. Amen. The text there, put this somewhere. Thanks, bro. The text here in Colossians is actually the text that brother Renham uses when he preaches Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Amen. I've been just studying that through through the last few weeks and it was there at the tabernacle in July of 1963. I've got some quotes from that sermon I want to dive in today here in a few minutes by the help of the Lord. Brother Random says that revelation is Christ's way of making himself known to the church to his church. Amen. You know, and to reveal something is simply just to make it known. We Webster's dictionary says reveal is to make known, especially in divine truth. Amen. And the prophet brings out in that sermon what he refers to as the three-fold purpose of Christ being revealed. Amen. He says the first thing was that God wanted to reveal himself to the people. And he couldn't do it as a great Jehovah God who covered all space, time, and eternity. He could not. He is too great to ever be revealed to people because it would be too mysterious. How could that great being that never did begin that after you went beyond the cycle of hundreds of billions and trillions of years of light space and on out into the in infinite into the eternity and a great creature was all that that was and still is. And that's why he had to do it in stages through the ages. It was a mystery that had to be unfolded. Amen. But what he wanted to do is what he he brother Benham says is he loved fatherhood for he was a father. And the only way for him to express that was to become a son. Amen. A man. And and I was just listening to him talk about this. That's the reason that Jesus kept saying the son of man. See they they didn't know what he was talking about. He said many of them. But now you get it. See he wanted to express himself. That was one of his three-fold purposes was to express himself identify himself with human beings to reveal himself in Christ. So you have first to express himself completely God in Christ. Brother Renham says second to have the preeminences by this in his church which is the body the bride till he could have the preeminence to express himself through them. Amen. And thirdly it was to restore the kingdom to its rightly position that fell by the first Adam back to where he walked in the cool of the evening with his people and he talked with them and he fellowshipped with him. So the way that it started all the way back in the beginning in Genesis, that's the that's what he wanted to restore it back to. Amen. And he says, "And now sin and death had separated them from this presence." And it was his entire expression, the three-fold purpose. So I've been looking at this ministry of Jesus here lately, and something that's been so captivating to me is the first miracle that Jesus did there in the in his earthly ministry. You know, we're all familiar with the marriage there in Canaa of Galilee. Amen. you know, uh, ministers often quote it in in marriage ceremonies and you know, Jesus and his disciples, they're all gathered together at this great celebration and and it's just this typical Jewish wedding. It's a joyous occasion, but they run out of wine. And and I just began looking at at that in all things for God to start choosing to to to start performing miracles in his ministry, it didn't seem like a very notable thing to do. Amen. He would perform things in his ministry that would raise the dead, that would that would heal the sick, that would open the blinded eyes. Amen. But the beginning of all of it of of in his ministry was this turning water into wine. But there was something about that first event. Amen. And you know, wine in in scripture has a deeper representation. If you just be with me here as as I as I build a foundation, wine in the scripture has a deeper representation. It represents a stimulation. Amen. Brother Benham says in the third seal, he starts talking about oil and wine and in the Bible how they always run together. They're often associated together. And we know as believers that oil as Bible readers that oil always types the spirit. And you know, remember in Matthew 25 that talks about the wise virgin and and her lamp and she had, you know, she had oil in her lamp when the bridegroom returned. Amen. Meaning that she was filled with the spirit. And wine represents a stimulation. And he says in this third seal, he says, "When the truth of a promised word of God has been truly revealed to his saints that's filled with oil, they all get stimulated." Amen. Wine is a stimulation. Glory. I feel it right now. He says, "Stimulated with joy." Shout. See, and when it does, it has the same effect upon them that wine does upon a natural man. Because when the revelation has been given of a truth of God and a true believer filled with oil and the revelation is revealed, the stimulation becomes so great that he makes himself behave unnormally. Amen. So it's meant to arouse something or cause a great effect in something. So you have the start of his ministry here on earth. There would be a stimulation of revelation as brother Brandham puts it. Amen. And it seemed like something insignificant. you know, just a ceremony that in my opinion could have been poorly planned out. They ran out of a natural drink. But catch this. The greatest thing that can ever happen in the life of a believer is when he gives you the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. It's the stimulation of revelation in your life. When you have a recognition that you and Christ are one, hallelujah, that he lives inside of you. Amen. And it's the beginning of your life. It's the start of whatever you have pre-ordained in this life. It's the start. Amen. It's the stimulation, the start of everything. The new birth. Brother Brandham says is the new birth is the revelation of Christ personally to you. Amen. You know, and watch this type here. The water being turned into wine. So what does he do? He takes the waters of life. Because the Bible says the word is life. Amen. And Jesus said that in John, he said, "My word is life." And and as we read there in Romans 8, that the spirit is life. So the word is life and the spirit is life. Meaning that they are one and the same. Amen. And the only way for the word to become a reality in your life is by a spiritual revelation or a stimulation of the spirit of God. Amen. And what the Bible refers to that is is as a quickening power. You know, because the spirit is what gives life to the believer. You know, I began looking at that that that term quickening power. Quickening. The term quickening in an it's actually used in for an expecting mother. The quickening time in an expecting mother refers to the first perceptible movements of a fetus in the uterus that are felt by the mother. Glory to God. And if you think of that this morning, the life that it was already in in the womb, the life was already there for the mother, but there came a time in her life where it became perceptible to her that there was a life now living in her. Hallelujah. There came a time in your life. There was a quickening power where you read the word. You came to church, but the Lord Jesus came and he quickened something in your life and it became perceptible to you as a believer. You you you you knew you you you could have you read the Bible and you tried to correlate things, but there was a quickening time. Amen. There was a revelation that struck you. Amen. And you thought about that this morning. She she knew that there was life. She's seen a change. But then a time comes where there's a vindication of that life that it's actually alive inside of her. Amen. And not void of life. Brother Benham says this and he says it in the Easter Seal. There's only one life, one eternal spirit, one eternal life and that's God. God alone is the eternal. And then we being his children are part of him. That is the attributes of his thinking. And the thought is expressed becomes a word. than each individual in here that possesses this eternal life was before the foundation of the world in God's thinking. It's the only way it could be because you're an attribute. That's the expression of a thought, not has become a word and a word has taken life and it's eternal. That's the reason that we have eternal life. He says in in the same principle that the great son of God, the redeemer, we become sons and daughters of God through that same spirit. Amen. that by the same fornowledge of God and he says remember you in the stature that you are in this morning if you wasn't in his thinking then that you're not now for you there's some part in you that's eternal and eternal only belongs to God and in God was his thinking of you sitting right where you are now in his thinking I stood at the pulpit this morning he says because he's infinite and he knows all things therefore he could tell the end from the beginning because he is eternal and You being a son and daughter of God, you were in his thinking at the beginning. And then when the Holy Spirit come and you're on earth walking around here as a sinner, way down in your life, there is something. Hallelujah. There is something that takes place. He says, you don't know what's taking place, but you're hungering. Amen. Every person h has that hungering and and the world is searching for it. They search for it in natural stimulation. Amen. But the life of a believer searches for it in the stimulation of the spirit of God. Amen. And at some point in your life, you were walking around like the rest of the world. But something took place inside of you. You know, in Romans, they call it a quickening power. You might have grown up in church. You might have believed God. But something took place in your life that actually made it a reality to you individually as a person, personally revealed to you. Amen. Some some preacher might have presented it in a way or or like brother Jason says, he he he was just sitting in a car. Whatever it was, something came alive in you. Amen. There was always something in you, but then there came a point where it was perceptible to you and it came alive. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Benham says, "Look at the millions on earth that he didn't that didn't receive it when Jesus was here. But how thankful we should be this morning to know that we have the direct evidence, the Bible proof that we are included in the great resurrection morning." Oh, hallelujah. That great Easter, we have the earnest of it right now in our mortal bodies. You know, the earnest, the confirmation, it's that perceived life. It's the Holy Ghost, brother. The Bible calls it Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. You know, conception is is an incredible thing. Amen. It's it's something kind of unexplainable. Science tries to explain it, but it's supernatural. It's two life sources that come together and create one life source. Amen. And that's the same thing with a supernatural birth. The supernatural power of of a new birth. You receive something in your life. You're a new creature. The Bible calls you a new creature. All things have passed. Old things have passed away and all things become new. It's a it's a it's a supernatural event that takes place. Amen. And the seed was always there. It was always placed in the womb. Brother Brandham said, "But when stimulation came, it brings something to life in you." He says, "And it's it it's something that you couldn't desire to be in there. It's something that's contrary to your own nature. It's the fornowledge of God taking place, God's word. You know, when you're born again, and he was talking about this on Wednesday, when you're when you're born again, we can't let the devil deceive us if you still fall every once in a while. Because when babies are learning how to walk, parents don't get upset with them when they stumble. They may get upset when they cry and they won't stop crying, but they won't get upset if they stumble. Amen. They pick them back up again because they know they've never they've never walked this way before. They're not used to this. Amen. And so when Christ comes in you, Amen. There's a maturing taking place. It's the adoption period taking place in you. Amen. You have to have patience with yourself and you have to remind yourself that I am a child of God and I'm going to stand back up wherever I fell and give my life back to the Lord. Wherever I fell, I'm going to go back to that place and I'm going to surrender that thing to him. I might have fallen but I am going to get back up again. Amen. It's the process of maturing. Amen. He says you are you are on your way growing into the full resurrection. No tree comes up overnight. It's got to grow. As we grow in the grace and in the knowledge of God, you're baptized into that spirit. The thing to check is your desire. Amen. Does does your nature desire that holiness, that holy life? Amen. If you slip, do you do you hunger to get back up? Amen. Do you hunger for that holiness in your life? I thought of that speckled bird that Brother Ben Brandham calls. He, you know, in referring to Jeremiah there, he calls it the church of the living God. Amen. And and brother Brandham, he he says that as it's flying through the air there, it's flapping his wings. And what is it what is it doing? It's crying, "Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord." And what does that represent? It represents the blood of Christ. Amen. Speckled on the life of a believer. But what is it doing? It's crying holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Amen. It's representing something. And that's the life of a true believer. Does the nature of your life cry holy, holy, holy unto the Lord? A true, it's a true vindication of the quickening in your life. Amen. And it's done from an inward desire. Amen. It's it's not from trying to match what you've been taught or trying to match your brother or your sister or be like everybody else, but when you desire to have the garments of righteousness in your life. Amen. And it matches the word. You don't want to live on the edge anymore. You want to live so far from that edge that you don't even know where that edge is anymore. Amen. Amen. It matches the word and the word then speaks for you. Amen. I want to try to turn turn a corner here if I can by the help of the Lord try to bring bring something together. When Jesus comes in Matthew the 4th 14th chapter, he's there on the mountain and he's teaching the multitudes. Amen. He's preaching the word and you know this was God in flesh preaching a sermon there on the mountain and after much teaching the people that they were there they were all day they were there all day they started to get weary and the disciples were going to send them away so that they could get some natural food but Jesus had another plan in his mind. Amen. You remember the little boy and a he had a few fish and a few loaves of bread. You know, and what I love about that that scripture is that he never asks the disciples to go out and to try to find food for the people or to try to figure it out himself. He didn't give this overwhelming task. They're sitting there racking their brain trying to figure out how are we going to how are we going to do what what he wants us to do with what we have. Amen. But see, Jesus, what what Jesus had them do is he had them bring what he h what they had to him. Amen. because he was the life source. He was the one that had the ability to multiply the bread of what they have. And you know, sometimes I just just naturally type in spiritually this morning, sometimes I believe that we within ourselves, we try to act like the disciples there. How am I how can I fathom this? How how am I going to make a rapture? How are we going to be perfected? How could my faith ever rise to a point of calling the dead saints back to life again? But see, all he's looking for you to do is bring what you have to him. Amen. He's the life source. He's the multiplier of bread. You bring what little faith you have to him and you watch him multiply it. Amen. You may have a need in your life. You bring what you have to him and watch him be the life source in your life. Amen. Hallelujah. Wow. You may need faith. You bring what you have to him and then you watch the mountains be moved. It's not an intellectual faith that you say, "I need the mountain moved." and you're trying to figure out how to move it and I just need to have more faith and I try to figure it out. You need to bring that thing to the Lord and you need to let him do it for you. You got to be like that little child where it may not seem like much to you, barely enough to get you through the day sometimes. Amen. But Brother Brandham says no matter what you got or how little it is, you say, "Well, Brother Brandham, the only thing I can do, I might be able to talk to some people." Well, that might not be very much to you, but you put it in the hands of the Lord Jesus Christ, and you watch the little fish, like the little fishes that was there in the boy's hand, it could only feed him. But when he put it into Jesus's hand, it fed 5,000. So, it will be with you. You put what you have in his hand. Amen. Whatever you have need of this morning, you put it in his hand. Glory to God. And brother Brandham says this in the Easter Seal. And you are quickened. And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition already. I want to say that again. And this quickening power brings your body into a rapturing condition when already. Amen. It's a present tense thing. It's not anything that you're going to do within yourselves. Amen. It's a quickening power. It's a stimulation by a divine power that something has now come alive in you that it takes the letter of the word and it quickens it makes it alive again and it makes you a part of that resurrection. Hallelujah. I am a part of that resurrection. Not by anything that I've done or anything I could say or do but because the life source lives within me. Amen. And two life sources met because he lives in me and he quickened that other one. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So many times we try to be like those disciples. We try to understand or we try to grasp how it's going to be. How is it going to take place? We try to conceive it into our minds. How how would we ever feed 5,000 with two pieces of fish and five loaves? How could the dead be raised? H how could this happen? How is it going to be? How could someone walk on water? How could someone control the raging storms with his words? You know, but but see, even after all these things had happened, you know, there was still questions in their mind. Amen. If you pull that PowerPoint up for me, brother, there was still questions after their in their minds after he did those things. After he spoke to the storm, they said, "Who is this that even the winds and the waves obey him?" Prophet says, "If you'll just pull up the Okay, well that's all right. I'll just read it if that's all right. Praise the Lord. On the day of Pentecost, Brother Benham said, he said, on the day of Pentecost, they were all waiting up there in themselves. They were afraid, the Jews, just what they were going to do. So, they got scared. But what happened when this quickening power fell from heaven, there was a bravery set upon them. There was something, an understanding where they wasn't too sure of it a few hours before. They know he had died. They know he had risen. They had talked to him on the way. But was that thing for them or was it just for Jesus himself? But here on the day of Pentecost, the Holy Spirit, the abstract fell upon the believers that made them part of the resurrection. It made him part of his fellowship. The Holy Spirit came and confirmed to them that they would be raised up again because they were potentially raised up then from cowards to brave men. There was something new living in them. They walked with the word and flesh. But there was still a cowardly behavior living in them. But when that spirit came and quickened that life in them, there was a new bravery that set upon them. There was a word that was quickened to life again. Hallelujah. There they were, he said, afraid of the very word that they had thought. Don't let this pass over you. They were afraid. They knowed he was the word. Even the Jews, he, Brother Ben, this quote's almost over. Even the Jews had to admit it. Nicodemus said, "Rabbi, we know that you're a teacher that's come from God. No man could do the things that you do except God be with him." Now, we know that. We recognize that. So, the disciples, Peter had even sworn in his presence, all them forsaken him at the crucifixion. But there they are now up in this upper room in the presence of God. Then all of a sudden, here comes this Holy Spirit down from heaven and it quickened them and the quickening took place that they wasn't afraid to make witness of the message that they believed and they knowed to be the truth. Otherwise, they were afraid of it. Amen. Even though God himself was vindicating his word in flesh through Christ and they witnessed all those miracles and those signs and uh and wonders until the upper room until Pentecost, it couldn't be comprehended completely. You know, they believed it. See, and there was always something in them to believe it. They identified it themselves with that word. They they walked with his ministry, but until they became a part of his resurrection, amen. Something that came down, it was a confirmation of the promise. Amen. That Jesus now would identify himself in them. Amen. The same life that he lived would now be living inside of them. And brother Brandham says, "Now this is the spirit. It's the spirit that quickens. It's not the word that quickens. It's the spirit that quickens the word or gives the word life. It gives it wings to fly. It gives it access. Before that time, there was only ever partial access. You could try to comprehend. You'd try to understand like the disciples. But now, the spirit had quickened them, the word in them. Amen. And it gave them wings to fly. And when that confirmation happens, brother Random says, "When this body receives the spirit of God, the immortal life inside of you, it throws this body in subjection to God." I think he read that quote Wednesday. Hallelujah. The B that are born that of those that are born of God does not commit sin. He cannot. There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. They walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. See, there you are. It throws your body subject. And when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to the spirit. And that spirit is nothing in the world but this seed word made manifest or quickened or made alive. Amen. Just tying some things together here. So when you look at the earthly ministry of Jesus, he began it with revelation, the stimulation of revelation. We talked about that, you know, the marriage supper. And he thought it was necessary to have that be the beginning event. Amen. Amen. There was that that event that because the greatest miracle that took place in your life was when Jesus was revealed to you. Amen. It changes your nature. Amen. It's something in your life. And then you fast forward to the final miracle that takes place in the Jesus in Jesus's life on earth. You have the most important event in all of history. It's the resurrection on Easter morning. Amen. The moment in time that God had planned from before the beginning to reconcile us back to being sons and daughters living in his kingdom. So the beginning was the revelation. If you think in types, the start of your life is when God has made flesh in you. Amen. the Christ in you, the hope of glory. And as a sinner, it turns you upside down. It changes your opinions. It sets your affections on things above. And the things that you used to do, it's beneath you. The desires have changed. Amen. And then he can begin to express himself to you, the individual. And we talked about that, how it's always been about expression. Amen. Brother Bham said he wanted to express himself and identify himself with human beings in Christ. And if you think of that word expression, it means that you are making known or you're revealing your thoughts and your emotions. So this great infinite God wanted to reveal himself to you the individual. And you know just just bringing it down this morning thinking of this just as a father or mother when you love your child you want to express your love to them. Amen. You want them to know how you feel about them. You embrace them. You love to talk to them. You love to hear them to talk to you. You want to know who they are and and you want them to know you're express it's an expression. Amen. You express how much you love them and you display it in your actions and it's a joy. And you know the the prophet explains he says and sin and death had separated them from his presence and his entire expression because remember the third part of that three-fold plan was to restore that fellowship that Adam and Eve had the walking in the cool of the evening. Amen. Back to where they could he could fellowship with him. It was about this fellowship. It was a restoration of this beautiful thing that he once had. And and yes, I yes, God knew that Adam would fall. He knew every He knew he would make that mistake. But he also knew one day that he could restore them back. Amen. Brother Bham said that through his life, just trying to catch a thought here. Brother Bham said through this life, his son, his cross, the blood, that he might reconcile himself a body, a bride, which is Eve, the second Eve. So, if you just could catch my heart this morning, if you had a son and you knew that a certain point in his life, a time would come where he would be given independence, the ability to make his own choices, the ability to make his own decisions, and you knew he was going to make the wrong choice. Even though you warned him not to, even though you pleaded with him not to, even though you showed him what the consequences of that choice would be. Amen. death, separation from perfection, from the garden, from fellowship. And you knew for a time he would walk, he would walk away from you and your word. But you knew that even though he would make a wrong choice and that he would go against your advice and your word, that one day he would come back to his senses again, that he would be reconciled. Amen. That you could redeem him back to that fellowship you once had. Because for a time there was a beautiful fellowship that you have with your child. But then there gets a point in their life where they have to make their own decisions. They grow up. They have independence and they may go astray. They may do what they want. Oh, but you know in your mind that there's going to be a fellowship that can be reconciled. Would you choose not to create that? Oh, would you choose not to because maybe for a while but you knew there would be a redemption come. That is the expression of a heavenly father this morning. That is the expression of your heavenly father. He knew you would fall. He knew how you would fall. He knew where you would fall. But he also knew the very moment that you would come back to him. Amen. He knew that there would be a moment in time just like when when that prodal son there would be a moment in history where he could run toward you and he could embrace you once more. Hallelujah. He could reconcile himself back to having a fellowship and walking in the cool of the evening, but it had to be done in a certain way because sin separates you from God. Amen. It separates you from holiness. You have to live a holy life. So God had to send his son. He had to die on a cross. Blood had to be shed. But it was all about a reconciliation that could take place. Hallelujah. And on the individual life, he had to do these certain things. And he knew you would fall, but he also knew there would be a time. He knew there would be a time where he would come back and be able to embrace you once more. Oh my brother, my sister, let the Lord embrace you once more. Oh, whatever life that you're living, don't live without the Lord in it. Amen. Oh, let him redeem you back. Amen. He's already paid the price. He's already purchased you. He's just waiting on that quickening time to take place. He's waiting for that seed to manifest. He's waiting for a certain pre-ordained time in history to take place in your life. Hallelujah. Wow. You know that even through all of this, the word said, "The day you eat of that tree, you shall surely die." So they should have died. That is the expression of the heavenly father that he went against his own covenant. He went against his own word. Amen. He said, "You will die." Amen. Because he knew there would be a part, a time in history where he could get them back. Amen. That it could be restored. You know, I just my wife Joy and I were talking about it this morning along those lines and just thought this was something that we she had mentioned and I thought this was an amazing argument. You know, if we in our mortal bodies could have just one conversation with someone in glory right now, and I'm talking about someone who went through some pretty hard things in their life. I'm talking about maybe the saints through the dark ages that had to give their life for Christ. I'm talking about people that have gone through things. And I know we go through things spiritually. We type the natural here. We're going through things now. But if we could we if we could have one conversation with any one of those people right now, I promise you, oh, I guarantee you that they would say that every moment of it was worth it. Hallelujah. That every single time, oh, that they had to take a lashing. Every single time that they had a mind battle, every single time there would be a week of anxiety, every single time there was depression that set in, every single time they was worth it because now for a time they had to go through that. But now for eternity, they could live in the presence of the king of the world. There would be joy and peace. There would be no more sorrow. Oh, it would be a beautiful thing. Not a single one of them would ever take back what they did. Amen. because we try to conceive it in our minds. Why is there such a oh why is there all this? It's because God conceived a perfection and we broke the perfection and now God is getting us back to perfection again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You could have one conversation. Thanks be to God. a life that may not have seemed fair to the world if you could talk to them right now. This was the last quote I had on the PowerPoint, but we don't have a PowerPoint, so that's probably my fault, bro. No worries. Um, I wanted you to follow along, but um, it's all right. I'll just read it. Brother Benham says, "In Christ is the mystery of God revealed." Now notice again what his three-fold purpose making himself manifest in Christ Jesus to come into the body by Jesus Christ to have the preeminences to what? To restore back Eden and bring that which was lost. That was the only thing out of order. All the rest of his things was in order. Catch this. He says, "But he had to let and put man on free moral agency to fall that he might be a savior and to display what's in him." See, his attribute of savior, something had to be lost. And the very thing that man fell and became lost, he became a savior of that taking his own law and he could not do it as that great Jehovah that we talked about that covered all space and time. See, he couldn't do it. So, he had to become man. And then he took kinship with that man that was lost to become God and made flesh. God became from God to become me to take my sin upon him that he might make me him. Amen. I want to say that again because that is a tongue twister. God became me. God became me to take my sin upon him that he might make me Amen. him. Hallelujah. Glory to God. back to his great purpose of sons and daughters of God for he is the eternal father. The attribute was in him. So that had to be displayed. See it was always an expression. He says this is I think this is the last maybe the last quote brother says predestinated there's the mystery he before Christ or anything ever was on earth. You see his great mystery that he chose the bride knowing Eve would fall from disbelieving the word knowing that she would fall but he would choose a bride that would not fall that would hold to the word regardless of what the rest of the world had to say about it. They would hold to the word. They are predestinated to stand there. The adoption of children by Christ Jesus predestinated to the church to that glorious stand. Now you see his secret. He says what? To restore fallen Eve as she was a prefigure of the church. You know, so from the start of his earthly ministry, he started with he starts with the revelation in your life and then he goes through stages bringing you back into fellowship, the adoption period, finding your position, maturing you. Amen. Unfolding his plan to you personally. This is a great plan of God. And when you can read these things and faith cometh by hearing, Amen. and hearing of the word of God, by understanding the word of God, and only God can give you an understanding to to read these things and comprehend it. Amen. Then he sweeps all the way all the way down to his final miracle in your life. And the final thing is the resurrection. Amen. But you know, pastor always says this. Jesus says that I am the resurrection. The resurrection is a person. Amen. It's not just an event. It is an event that will take place. I believe it. Hallelujah. But it's not just an event. It is a person that is revealed to you, the individual. Amen. That makes you a part of that event. Amen. Amen. And in order for you to be a part of the resurrection, you have to have the revelation. Amen. Flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you. He said to Peter, "But my father which is in heaven hath revealed this to you. And upon this rock, upon this revelation, Amen. I will build my church." And you know, you start you start looking at Jesus, you know, after the resurrection. And you know, he started appearing. And I was listening to brother Brenham talk the other day. He He didn't start appearing to the unbeliever. Amen. He didn't start appearing to Caiaphasis and to Pilate. That was never in his nature. It was never in his earthly nature to say, "I told you so." He didn't appear to those and show them who he was. He didn't think that it was important to put them in their place. Amen. He went above all worldly thinking. He just appeared to the elected believer. Amen. because it was a continuation of his ministry. It was a continuation of him of him expressing himself to the believer. Amen. A gentle nature. Amen. The nature of Christ. Amen. And he wanted to display that that nature could now live in human flesh. Amen. He would express his nature. And just in some in some closing thoughts here, uh he would John the 8th chapter, you know, when the Pharisees and the teachers of the law caught that woman in the act of adultery. Amen. We're familiar with the story. They brought her to Jesus and they asked, "What would you do with this woman?" Knowing what the law had said, knowing that because of the sin that she committed, it was written in the law to be stoned. Amen. John John, if you want to pull that up for me. John 8. But what they didn't realize what was while they were over there trying to keep some law, they were dead in sin and trespasses. And he came to set them free from that law. Amen. So that the law could live in their hearts. Because we read there that there was no way for the person to uphold the law. But when the lawgiver was placed in the person, then it can be done. Hallelujah. I love how the scripture puts that. If you if you have it, John 8:es 5. Now Moses in the law commanded us that such should be stoned. But what sayest thou? This they said, tempting him that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down and with his finger wrote on the ground. Amen. As though he heard them not. And again he stooped down and wrote on the ground. And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, being at the eldest, even unto the last. And Jesus was left alone. And the woman standing there in the midst. I thought that was so rich because they caught her in the midst of this sin. Amen. But just by the humility of our savior bringing just the the bringing their conscience up to them, they were able to one by one leave his presence, you know, and it was by it was them that brought her into the presence of Jesus. Amen. And that's sometimes what can happen in our life. The accuser can come into your life and he can catch you in the act of adultery. He can catch you in the act of sin. And he brings you to the life source and says they are guilty of this particular thing. They are guilty because I caught them in the act. Amen. You know, but what he does is it's because when you get into his presence, it doesn't matter what you've done. He has a way of of making it all right again. Amen. He has a way of writing something on the ground. I like to think that he was writing on the ground to his accusers to the devil saying that I no longer hold her sin to her charge anymore. Amen. She though she was dead though you did catch her. Hallelujah. I have set her free. Hallelujah. And she was left alone standing in his midst. the expression of Christ to the believer to get us to walk the way he walked to get us to talk the way he talked. You know, he could have gone down a list and you know, you did this and you did that. He knew you did that and you did this. He didn't do that. He just by a simple humble expression said, "Is there any of you who don't have sin and you condemn her who does?" And at least she has an openness about it, but you're dead living in sin and trespasses as well. It was the expression. It was the the nature of a man who would one time in your life be able to live in you and then you as a believer could express him to the world. That was the part of the three-fold purpose of Christ so that you could live as a believer and express him to the world. Hallelujah. The expression. Hallelujah. It was the accusers that brought her before Jesus. But there was something in her. Amen. There was a seed in here. And then when she got into the presence under the right circumstances. See, you can go your life and you could be in his presence and there could be things happening all around you. There has to be the right circumstances. Amen. There has to be a there is there's a pre-ordained time. Amen. And when God elects you and called you from before the foundation of the world, he knew when that time would be. Amen. And even if it's the devil who caught you in whatever it is that you're living up in, God can take whatever it is and turn it around. Amen. She came to that place condemned to death. They were going to stone her. And she left forgiven of her sin and her trespasses. And she didn't die. She was the only one who left that place with life. Hallelujah. Oh, I don't ever want to be in a place where I can be in the presence of God. And I have an opportunity to leave with the life source in me. Amen. Don't let yourself be like those Pharisees where you can get continually into the presence of God. Amen. But you never allow the life source to live in you and you leave different. Amen. You need to leave different than you came in. Hallelujah. There was something lacking in her life. She was obviously searching for it in her earthly desires. And that's what happens to you and I. We search for things in our earthly desire because there's a hungering. There's a thirsting and she was caught in that. Oh, but then the life source came and granted her that water. Hallelujah. And it sustained her. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What those Pharisees I thought about this. what those Pharisees were expressing to her was the dead letter of religion. And never let anybody say that the message is some dos and don'ts. I'm talking about a person. I'm talking about Christ. The nature of a man who who who did no sin, who can live in your mortal bodies, who can quicken you to life again. Amen. Hallelujah. It's the nature of the person of Jesus Christ. Amen. Who I've been I was living in my own self. I was living for lustly desires. But God came and quickened me. Hallelujah. Thanks be to God. That's the Jesus that I offer. I don't offer you the the kind of Jesus or the kind of law that those Pharisees offered. I offer you the Jesus in John chapter 8. Amen. That's the offer this morning. If the only gospel that you've ever heard is a gospel, and I know you haven't, but just for sake of drama, if you have only been offered that in terms of religion, it's been misrepresented to you. Amen. The gospel is Jesus Christ, the very expression of a heavenly father who had a three-fold purpose to identify himself in you. Amen. Amen. despite what you've done. Despite what she did, oh, it doesn't matter what you've done. He can erase it. He can change it. Hallelujah. It's a quickening power. I believe we were all caught up in the same situation at that woman as that woman was living for ourselves, living, you know, for the pleasures of life. But one day there was a pre-ordained meeting, a time that took place and the Lord had arranged things for me to be brought into his presence. Wherever that was, his presence can be anywhere. Oh, as long as you invite him there. Amen. And it can change you forever. Amen. Totally condemned, caught up. Amen. you are part of. Let's go ahead and stand to our feet. If the musicians would come, the mystery made manifest in you that you are part of the resurrection. a present tense. The nature of that person living in you, living through you, a quickening power. There was a resurrection of the dead in my life in your life when you as a believer perceived that there was a movement of life now living in your mortal body. Amen. You perceived there was always life there. There might have been a desire there, but then there came a time in life where you perceived that there was life. Amen. When I realized that Romans 8 became a reality to me by the grace of almighty God and my desires were different, my outlook was different. I was different. And sure, I still made mistakes. Sometimes we still do. But something changed. Amen. We were quickened. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Brother Benham says that's it. Christ the word. He was the word. He is the word. And the church becomes the word by him making her a part of him. And that's the word again. Personally identified by him. His property alone. She is redeemed by him, through him, for him, and for him alone. Thanks be to God. That's what the devil's howling about. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Let's just close our eyes this morning. The mystery made manifest. Amen. There's just someone here just under the sound of my voice that just wants to raise a hand to the Lord and surrender yourself to him or there's just something on your heart. I invite you to do that this morning. Heavenly Father, we just are grateful and thankful, Lord Jesus, for the word, Lord, for the purpose in our life, for what you've done, Lord Jesus, and for what you're doing continually, Lord. Thanking you, Lord, for quickening us, Lord. Thank you for, Lord, making us alive again, Lord. Thank you that even though I made poor choices, even though I made the wrong decisions, Lord, you still chose, Lord God, to to have me come to be, Lord, because you knew that one day, Lord, you knew that one day you could redeem me and it could be reconciled, Lord. Father, you saw every hand that went up, Lord. Father, you see every heart, Lord. May you just come down, Father, and make your word live, Lord Jesus. As I was praying, Lord, for today, Lord, I just kept saying, Lord, I know there's nothing, Lord, that could be said in my own way or in my own notes, Lord, that would mean anything, Lord God, but it would be your presence that would come, Lord. And we saw how, Lord, just being in your presence can just turn a whole life around, Lord God. Thank you for turning our lives around. And if there's any that needs their lives turned around, let it be so I pray. We love you now. We commit everything to you into your mighty hands in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's just praise the Lord. Whatever you're singing, bro, just let's just [Music] let's just worship the Lord for a moment. [Music] Morning. I see you in the sunrise. Every morning [Music] is like a picture that you painted for a love letter in the sky. This is just such a good time to lift your hands and worship him. story. I could have had a really different story, but you came down from heaven to restore me forever. Save my life. Nobody loves me. Nobody loves me like me. I stand on I standing on your face. Lord, I worship you. I worship you as long as I am free. God, you are faithful. Nobody loves me like you. [Music] mountains. You're breaking down the weight of all my mountain. [Music] Leading with feels like I'm around. You never leave my side. Nobody love me. Nobody love me like you love me. Standing on my feet on your [Music] Lord. I worship you. and I am God. You are faithful and true. No, I love me like you. Nobody loves me like you love me. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you do. Amen. I'm just bow our hearts one more time before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, nobody loves me like you do. Father, thank you for the love that you have for me, Lord. Father, for each one of us, we just pray, Lord, as we Lord, celebrate you today, Lord, our heavenly father. And Lord, thank you for expressing yourself to us, Lord, in the way that you have, Lord. I just commit everything to you now, Lord. May you just be with every heart, Lord God, today, Lord. As we leave this place, Lord, let the word not leave our hearts, Lord. Let us ponder it today, Lord. And as we go into our week, Lord, may you just walk with us, Lord, in everything we do, just commit these people into your hands, Lord, this service into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit. Whatever's on your heart. Amen. And you're welcome to be just dismissed at your own leisure. If you want to worship the Lord, you're dismissed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You can just worship if you'd like. Nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus, I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as always. I am freeing God. You are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Amazing [Music] way. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves like you. [Music] [Applause] mountains. You're breaking down the weight of all my mountains. Even when it feels like I'm around, you never leave my side. Oh, [Music] nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. I stand in all your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Oh, you [Music] Nobody loves me. Nobody Nobody loves me like you. [Music]
