################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 250504 - Bro. Mathew Smith:Faith is a Choice Pt. 2 (Sunday School) - Mathew Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   250504 - Bro. Mathew Smith:Faith is a Choice Pt. 2 (Sunday School)
Speaker: Mathew Smith
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaPA6ow3DEs
========================================

[Music] [Music] Good morning. Amen. So let's stand and have a word of prayer this morning. Dear gracious father, Lord, we come before you this morning, Father, in this Sunday school, Lord, we want to invite you come humbly before you and invite you into our presence this morning. But Lord, you could meet us here, that you could speak with us, Father, that something might be said that would be anointed of you, that the people could take hold of it, could grow their courage and their strength, be uh edified by it, Lord, that they would be able to further combat the the spirit of this age, Father, that they wouldn't be uh bogged down or or or weakened, Father, by the the spirits spirits, Lord, that would attack us both spiritually and physically, Lord. But Father, that people would have courage to take your word and apply it to every aspect of their life, Father. And that you would give us strength. We invite you into this Sunday school yet again, Father, you would meet us here and you would give me the ability to step out of the way and allow you to speak through me. We ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. man. So, we're going to um by the grace of the Lord, we are going to do uh part two of um my uh topic from last Sunday. Um uh faith is a choice. I want to turn to um Romans chapter 10 and verse 14 for our text. Um, and we'll do a we read this uh last time. Do a very quick little recap um of of last time and then we'll move into some hopefully the and we'll wrap it up after that. Um so it says um this is Romans 10 and verse 14. How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe on him whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Isaiah said, Lord, who hath believed our report? Finally, verse 17. So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. May have your seats. Um so I said I want to quickly recap um because I don't want to I have I want to get through my material and and finish it up today. Um but just so that you know everyone's uh up to speed with where we were. Um, you know, obviously talking about faith and faith being a choice and a decision that you make to accept the word of God regardless of your feelings or regardless of your, you know, what's in front of you. You you accept the word of God as as the absolute no matter what. Amen. And that's what um, you know, causes uh, the word of God to manifest. Um, I want to read this quote. I had referenced it last week, but I want I think it sums up kind of a lot of what I said um, last week. And this is from um God revealing revealing himself to his people. Said, "Now many times um now this may seem strange. Everybody be real reverent if you can get the uh person just what I was trying to do to the woman." Now context, he was just dealing with a lady in a prayer line and she was dealing with all kinds of stuff. She was dealing with like depression and illness and all these things. And he's talking her through it. He's, you know, kind of preaching with her for a while. And then he steps down and he starts kind of talking directly to her and has a whole conversation with her and kind of working through a lot of stuff. And then this is, you know, he prays for her. She gets her healing. And now he's addressing the people as to what just happened. Um, so he says, uh, I was trying to do with a woman, get her in the right mental attitude. She wouldn't have to be prayed for. The right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass. Do you believe that? The word is a seed. Is that right? That a swer swed in the ground. and every seed will bring forth of its kind. If you need salvation, the seeds here. If you need healing, here's the seed in the word. The word of God is a seed. Put it in your heart. Don't dig it up every morning to see if it sprouted. Put it in there and leave it there. It's God b God's business to bring forth the harvest. You just leave it there. Water it by faith and praise every day thanking God for it. All right. Amen. Now um uh again a couple of bullet points that I want to hit. Um so number one, faith is based on a confession. We read that last time. No matter what you think about it, what you feel about it, what your logic and reason says, what the evidence is before you, you confess that the word of God is true in your situation because what you say changes the way you think. Right? We know and we use the example of how um even in like uh uh prisoner of war camps, they could take people who had just previously been willing to fight and die for a country, right? They were willing to give everything for a country and then just by simply day over day slowly getting them to confess something e not even contrary to their where they came from, but just a little criticism, right? Just a little criticism, a little critique. Oh, well, you know, I love my country, but here's this little problem I have with it. And then over time, you do that every single day. Get someone to confess something negative every single day, and eventually completely turned around and now they're completely against what they would have died for. Okay? And that's the exact same thing that your confession will do. Even if you don't feel that you believe it. Even if it seems like a lie when you say it, you say it anyways because eventually it will turn your thinking to be to have a correct mental attitude. You will convert your thinking to be in line with the word of God and then it will start bringing the promises of God to pass. Okay. Um now we of course all love that kind of a thought. We love that kind of preaching. We love that that aspect of the word of God that when the when we are in need of Jehovah Gyra, we can lay claim to a promise and Jehovah Gyra will come on the scene and be the provider. Okay. When we need healing, when we need um you know uh uh restoration in our family, when we need all these things, we like that aspect of it. However, a lot of times we will get bogged down in the details of the entire word of God, right? The word of God is not simply a book of pro it it is a book of promises, but that's not all it is. Right? The word of God is is an instruction manual for how to live your life in a way that is pleasing unto the Lord. Right. It is a it is a it is a it is our in you know what they call it the basic instructions before leaving earth. Right. It is the this the the the pattern that we choose to live our lives by so that our lifestyle will be pleasing to God and that the promises will be applicable. Right? You know, we can don't forget that the same atonement in Isaiah 53, the same atonement that was for our transgressions, Amen, was also for our healing and our healing was for our transgressions, it's the same atonement under the same promise. Okay? If you want Jehovah to be a provider and then he's also got to be your savior. And if you are living loose and not taking the the you're you're you're living in sin and not um bringing your life subject to salvation and and not bringing those things where you fall short under the blood, then you don't really have access to healing either, right? Because you're you're rejecting the atonement on rejection of one is rejection of the other. Yeah. And um so the other aspect of faith being a choice is choosing to believe the word of God even when it doesn't it's going to make changes to your life and lifestyle that you don't like. Amen. So um you know in my mind goes to Joshua chapter 24 and verse uh 14 and 15 where Joshua well I'm just going to uh I'm just going to read it. Um um Joshua uh no that's wrong one Joshua 24 verse 14 it says now therefore fear the Lord and serve him in sincerity in truth and put away the gods which your fathers served in the other side of the flood and in Egypt and serve serve ye the Lord? And if it seemed evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom you will serve, whether it be gods which your father served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you dwell. But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Okay? At some point, you have to make a decision that this is this is what you believe and this is whom you're going to serve. this is the standard that you're going to hold yourself to because uh making a choice, right? You can say that you've made a choice, but if your lifestyle doesn't really, you know, line up, then it doesn't you're you're you didn't you didn't actually make that choice, right? This is from um three kinds of believers. It says, "But they sell out like Judas." There's the makeeliever, right? Some of them are highly talented people. And this makebeliever, watch that guy. That's the shrewd guy. This little guy that fills up quick and jumps up and runs out at every little phrase that he don't like. You don't pay no attention to him. He's just an unbeliever to begin with, right? So, you know, the sermon is, you know, three kinds of believers. And brother Ram says there's three kinds of believers in every church. And, you know, he breaks it down into these three categories. When you really get to the bottom of it, there's really only two kinds of believers. those who do and those who don't. Right? Because you you you know the unbeliever and the makebeliever are just two different you know aspects of unbeliever. Yeah. Right. The one just has convinced himself that he believes when he doesn't. Um let's see uh that uh make believe um where was that? Um little phrase doesn't like you pay no attention. He's just an unbeliever to begin with. But when you see this guy a makeeliever hangs on. And see, that's the Judas. That's him. Like, uh, like great talents. I'm going to call names here, which I really shouldn't do it, but I'm going to call them anyhow so that you'll know it. Like Elvis Presley, Red Foley, Ernie Ford, Pat Boon, Elvis Presley, a Pentecostal, Pat Boon, a Church of Christ. Red Foley, a deacon in the Church of Christ, and I think Ernest Ford is a Methodist. And all these people with those talents, smart out on television and people saying, "Ah, well, aren't they religious?" They sing songs that don't mean one thing. Yes, sir. Deceiving the world. What do they get out of it? Judas got 30 pieces of silver. Elvis a fleet of Cadillacs and a hundred or two $150 million um or a million dollars on records and things like that. Pat Boon and the rest of them, I don't care what church they belong to and everything. It's hypocrisy. It's a makebelieve. It's a front that their life proves out that's right. So, you know, we're seeing clearly that the the prophet of our age is laying out that there are people who will choose, you know, they will claim that they're choosing the the word of God, even maybe even think they're choosing the word of God, but if their actual lifestyle and the things that they choose on the dayto-day do not line up with the word of God, then they're they're not choosing the word of God, right? their faith is not in line with the word of God. No matter what they say, no matter what you might think, no matter what kind of afront they put on, if they're day, if your day-to-day lifestyle is not a constant day after day choosing of the word of God, even when it contradicts your feelings and thoughts on the matter, then you you you know, you're not choosing the word of God if that's not where you're at. You know, I I think of um you know, in this is from in Genesis um or sorry, uh where was I at? Uh it's right here. Numbers, I'm sorry. Numbers chapter 16. Um which I'm not going to turn to and read because I do not have enough time. But um this is the story of Kora and Dayan and Abram. Now, in case any of you all had not read that story in a minute, um, briefly, what happened is you have a Levite. He was from the tribe of Levi. He was from the tribe that God ordained to be the priest, the priesthood, right? That's Kora. And he gets a couple of Reubenites named Dayan and Abram to and they they get kind of upset because here's Moses leading the people. You have a a God-scent prophet for their day. He was God's representative on the earth. And he had under him a a a priesthood, a uh a ministry, a team of ministers, right? You have Moses as the prophet, you have Aaron as the pastor, and you have the the other Levitical priest as the ministry under Aaron. and they're ministering to the people, but Kora and Dayan and Aby Byron decide that they're not happy with the fact that Moses has this authority over God's people, right? They don't want to listen to the to the precepts of Moses. They don't want to follow Moses' instructions. They don't want to have to to be under, you know, what they see as some sort of bondage or control. But it's just simply Moses bringing them the word of God. And so they tell Moses, "Well, Moses, you know, I don't you're up on your high horse. You think that you're so so great and you know, you promised us this land flowing with milk and honey, and here we are in the desert, and you haven't produced anything, right? You've you've promised us this rapturing faith, Moses, and a promised land and a rapture, but it where is it?" And, you know, frankly, you know, your your your messages for for some uh you know, that was great when we were back in Egypt, but we need a different sort of a newer idea, a fresher take on the word of God. And so frankly, the entire congregation is is holy. Moses is we're we're God's people and God's people are holy. So isn't the whole congregation holy? And aren't we all qualified to bring our sensor before the you know our incense before God? And so Kora as a minister, right, he is in he is in the Levitical order yet is trying to sideline the prophet for the age. Yeah. Right. He's trying to you know uh you know that's that's great. That's your opinion, Moses. But, you know, we don't really need to follow that. We're tired of, you know, you telling us what to do because you know, you know, we have all of our whatever our reasoning is. And so, we think that the whole congregation, everyone can have this sort of direct uh uh not I don't want to say uh maybe direct is the wrong word, but they can just sort of uh bypass the ministry, right? We don't need you. we can all just sort of, you know, have our own religion and and we don't need the ministry or the prophet. And this is this is the confrontation that they have with Moses that ultimately leads to the earth swallowing them whole, right? That God did not accept that God was not with them. God did not agree that they didn't need a ministry or or a prophet. and that God did not think that they could just, you know, uh, have their own interpretation of the word and live as they saw fit. He did not agree with that. The Kora and Dayton, the leaders of that movement were swallowed a whole and the rest of them were burnt to death, right? And what happened, you know, and and it it spec it specifies that when they went down when the earth swallowed them that they could hear the screams coming up out of the pit, right? The people were screaming as they went down. And it so struck me when I'm studying this that it so parallels when brother Brandham because I just want to make a note the people Kora and Dayan these Reubenites they did what they did not do was say that they were rejecting Jehovah. They they of their own valition or of their own testimony were saying well we worship God. We're going to worship God. We just want to do it how we want to do it. Right? They were claiming to worship Jehovah. They were claiming to worship the same God. They were planning to offer the same sacrifices. They were going to do everything the way Moses and Aaron was going to do, but they just wanted to, you know, do it their own way and not include God's chosen uh ministry. And they go into the pit and it reminded me of when brother Brandham saw the vision of the churches, right? And here comes the Church of America naked and dancing to the beat of rock and roll, completely naked. And she goes off into this pit and you could hear the screams coming up. Yeah. Right. Well, what was it? She again, these were churches. That woman was not an atheist. Right. Okay. She wasn't secular. She wasn't, you know, some non she was claiming she was a church. She was claiming to be Christian. But she But what had she done? She had rejected her the the prophet for her day. She'd rejected all of this. She'd chosen to instead, you know, declare herself as her own headship. And the end result is she cannot be clothed by the word. So, she's naked and she's been blinded by she's blind to the fact, right? She's a church of Leodysia, poor, miserable, blind, and naked and doesn't know it. Amen. She has no idea. And it's, you know, so many times we get blinded by comparison. Yeah. You know, that's the spirit of the age to blind you with comparison. You know, I I I notice Brother Brandham said that she was dancing to the beat of rock and roll. Now, maybe I'm this might be a little bit pedantic, but I noticed he said rock and roll. In the music world, the term rock and roll refers to something kind of specific. We're talking about the music of Elvis Presley. Okay. He did not say she was dancing to the beat of heavy metal. She was not dancing to the beat of, you know, rap or any of this other stuff. Not to say that that's a justifiable thing. I'm just saying what she was participating in that made her in that condition was something so innocuous by today's standards. You know, you compare, you know, you know, come November 1st, people start playing Christmas music. Yeah. And you know, people will turn on the radio and start listening to, you know, Elvis crew on about his blue Christmas and people, we don't even think anything of it. Don't even think twice. It's like, no, that that right there is what will drag the church of America into the pit. As innocuous as that seems by today's standards, as simplistic. And the problem is we think, "Oh, well, this is the media that we'll consume. This is the the standard of holiness that we'll abide by. This is the standard of of um household structure and organization that we'll live by. You know, this is and it's so innocuous in comparison to today's standard. You know, oh well, you know, we we'll we'll have um uh you know, the the family structure, you know, you know, it's it's certainly uh you know, we're not allowing a a lot of this um you know, sort of new age thinking. And you know, we don't we don't promote sex before marriage in our young people. We don't do all of these things. You know, we don't we we discourage um uh you know, just just sort of uh uh like dating and things like that, you know, in the in sort of like the after the modern example in the modern uh the modern way. But we don't and and that's the standard, but it's like yeah, but but we'll still do things like um completely sidelining the the role of the father in that whole situation. You know, people will still do that. And it's well this is the line that you know we'll hold to because it's so far less than what the rest of the world is doing and so we think we're okay but the standard is not you know a mile this side of heathenism. Amen. Right? That's not the standard. The standard is the word of God and you you know one inch to the other side of that and you're completely out. You might as well go all the way. Right? you're not, you know, and now there's a difference between people making mistakes and failing and and and trying their best to hold to the standard and having their own uh um human mortality get in the way because if there's because God does judge the heart, but it is a heart that is longing for to do better. It is a heart that is longing to say, "Lord, I made a mistake. I don't want to do that again." and turning away from it. Not well, you know, I'm only human and I'm that's that's going to be my justification to just keep doing it. That's not those are two very different things. And so, if we're going to have faith in the word, we're going to have to make a decision. That's the decision that we have to make is to even when the message of the hour and the scripture instructs us to do things that doesn't even seem logical, don't even seem like it's something that it seems like uh almost we have this attitude of like, oh well, anything, you know, it just seems unreasonable, right? Well, that just seems unreasonable and fanatical, well, yeah, of course it seems fanatical in comparison. Yeah. Right. The whole purpose of the devil in this age is to make the actual word of God seem like fanaticism, to make it unattractive, to make it repellent. But that's but you have to go contrary to that. You have to say, "No, I don't care what I feel about it. I don't care what I'm thinking or feeling about it. I have to claim the word of God." And if you don't do that, then you're going to get swept away with everybody else, right? You're you're going to go to go the same direction as everyone else just 5 miles an hour slower. Right. You you end up at the same place. You just end up there later. Wow. That was not where I wanted to end this. Um I'll uh I'll I'll close up by saying this. I I suspect the song leader will be okay with me borrowing a minute or two. I'm the song leader. Um Yeah. Um, we accept every word of God, no matter how illogical and no matter how absurd it may seem to us and no matter how much it galls our feelings on the matter, because we know, all right, this is from um uh my new ministry 1959 says um I said that same God, hallelujah, that Jehovah Gyra, he just as much Jehovah Gyra today as he was on the Mount of Abraham. Amen. He can still produce an animal to his glory. Three squirrels was not a vision. I shot them. Blood came out of them. I dressed them and ate them. They weren't visions. They were squirrels. I said I said that same Jehovah Gyra trying to get his promise over to me in my thickness and dullness of mind, he could speak all my needs into existence the same as he could speak Abraham's need into existence. I no more than said that until sister Hattie sitting there crying now hadn't said a word and she said that's nothing but the truth. Amen. Okay. So here's this prophet said something told a story that it completely defies the logic completely defies rationality and yet she said that's nothing but the truth because she was going to take the word of God even on something that seemed absurd and and with her whole heart believe it and say that's the truth and because of that the word of God could provide to her anything that she needed in that moment. Whatever she needed in that moment was hers because she took the word of God on every aspect. Wow. Every single thing she laid claims. She said, "That's the truth." Amen. Okay. It he didn't he wasn't talking about healing. He wasn't talking about salvation for her boys. But yet she she accepted it anyways. And because of that, the entire promise of God, she accepted the entire promise of God. So the entire promise of God was to her. Okay? And and again and I'll and hopefully I'll I'll wrap up with this. I would just like to point out that God will never expect you to do something that he cannot do or will not do for himself. Amen. Okay? Even when Christ is facing the cross, he says, "Not my will but thine be done." Right? If this cup can pass, let it pass. "Not my will, thine be done." Why? Because Jesus did not want to be tortured to death. Nobody wants to be tortured to death. He was a man. He had a will. If he didn't have a will, he would not have said, "Not my will." Right? He had will. He had desire. He had things in his flesh that he didn't want to die. Right? And yet, he said, "I don't care about my flesh." The Lord made a promise. Now, we hold to a promise for healing and for salvation. But what was the promise that Christ was holding to? You. You were the promise that Christ was holding to. You were what he was sacrificing his flesh for you, your salvation. And that's where we need to come. You know, Christ literally had to reject his own flesh and reject his own comfort and reject his own uh you know, pride, reject his own his own um comfort. You know, it's very uncomfortable to be tortured to death. And he accepted anyways. And not only did he have to die, he had to go to a sinner's hell. He had to become a sinner on your behalf and then go to a sinner's hell. And now the key to this is he didn't stay there, right? He showed that he was more than just a sinner, you know, because he came back. He he rose again on the third day. And likewise, we have to even when in the face of things where the where we are taught to to live our lives and in in a way that we find uncomfortable, we are taught to live our lives in a way that we don't find logical. We hear uh you know the prophet of our age tell us things that we don't necessarily like and yet you you say not my will thine be done. It's not my feelings but God's feelings. It's not my memory. It's God's memory. Let God's memory dictate how I live. Not my memories of my past. It's you know God's view of you is how you need to live. Not your view of you. You know, because if you're willing to do that, right, that if you're willing to take up your cross and sacrifice your will and your thinking for God's word, then you will come up in the same resurrection that Christ did. You'll be have access to the same resurrection power and you will you will join Christ in that resurrection. I have to stop. Thank you for your time. Let's all stand and have a word of prayer. Gracious Father, Lord, thank you for this this morning, the Sunday school. Lord, I ask that you would meet us yet again in the in the uh in the worship service. Father, that you would let your spirit move, that the hearts of the people would be open to you, the hearts of the people would be uh would be open to to your word. that Lord that Father, we know that whatever we would have need of that you would be able to move upon our life. Even those things that if what we would have need of is is uh a correction or or or to be delivered of things that that Father, you're more than willing and ha and and able to deliver us from the the difficulties of our own flesh. lot father that that when when you have instructed us to to live according to your word you would not simply instruct us without a provision to follow that instruction. So, Father, we hold to that promise that you would mold us and shape us and keep us, Father. That you would meet us here again in the sanctuary, Father, in our worship, that you could tend to our hearts and bring us closer to you.
