################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 250420-Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 4- - Jason Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   250420-Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 4-
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tqk0zZOdV9I
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning everyone. God bless you. Happy resurrection day. Amen. Let's all stand. Good to have brother Luther back. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radiamed. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing it now. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh yes. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh yes. All my eneies the son of God surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt [Applause] [Music] his name. forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he [Music] who hides in him. Oh, Lord. Oh, you sing to give you everything. [Music] He give you everything. Sing it now. Magnify the Lord. Give him a wave offering this morning. Oh, hallelujah. We exalt your name Lord Jesus forever Lord glorify the Lord me exalt his name forever magnify magnify the Lord [Music] God forever [Applause] glorify me [Music] exalt his name forever magnify. the Lord with me. Sing it now. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord. Oh, you're sounding good to the morning. Okay, visions magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Glorify me. [Music] coming exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. [Music] We bless you this morning, Lord. You're the worthy one. Never ending praise. We may our inent right. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night evering praise. We are rich is bright. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. Magnify [Music] exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. [Music] This poor man cry. And the Lord heard me and save me from all my eneies. Give the Lord a hand and clap a praise this morning. Oh Jesus. Lord, we love you this morning. Why don't you greet one another this morning? Tell them happy Easter. Amen. Amen. B flat. I like to sing that. Worthy is the lamb this morning. [Music] Welcome to all the visitors today. Amen. [Music] Thank you for the cross, [Music] Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this life. [Music] Thank you for your name. Here wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and your praise. Worthy is the lamb. Seated on the throne. Oh yes. around you now with many crowns. raining glory. [Music] Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Let's sing it from the top now. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame. Thank you, Lord. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for your love. [Music] Thank you for your name. [Music] Wash me with your cleansing flow. Now all I know [Music] is worthy. [Music] feet on the throne. [Music] you down with many ground you [Music] thank you Jesus. The treasure of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. One more time. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Let's give him another hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Brother Luther, if you've come, open the service and a word of prayer this morning. And we have a lot of specials this morning to bless y'all. So, we're going to get right into that. Brother Erin, if you want to get ready. [Music] for you. Amen. Died for the sins of the world. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. It's so nice, Father, just to get in your presence with fellow believers. Lord, I pray that your Holy Spirit would sweep through the place, comfort every heart, heal every sick person. Father, we've heard many times the prophet of this age talk about if we have faith to believe that all things are possible, every person that was sick would be healed. Every person that was struggling would not struggle anymore. We praise you this morning. Thank you for the resurrection. But we thank you, Father, that you sent your spirit back and is with us today. Pray that you bless the cheerful giver as we collect the tithes and offerings. Bless those that are streaming. And Lord, when you open up the word of life today, bless that gift. Move the man aside. Move us aside to receive what you have for us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats as brother Luther comes. Amen. And brother Brad Campbell prepared for the next special this morning. Thank you. Amen. [Music] Go ahead. Drive the nails in my hands. Laugh at me where you stand. Go ahead and say it is me. The day will come that you will see because I'll rise again. There's no power on earth can keep me bound. Yes, I'll rise again. Cuz death can't keep me in the ground. Go ahead and mark my name. My love for you is still the same. Go ahead and bury me. [Applause] But very soon I will be free cuz I'll rise again. There's no power on earth and time me down. Yes, I'll rise again. Death can't keep me in the ground. [Music] Go ahead. Say I'm dead and gone, but you will see that you were wrong. Go ahead and try to hide the sun, but all will see I'm the one cuz I'll run again. There's no power on earth can me down. It's all right. Death can't keep me in the ground cuz I'll come again. There's no power on earth can keep me back. Yes, I'm come to take my people back. Oh, come to take my people back. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Let's give Brother Brad Lee welcome. Amen. So good to have him back up here. Praise the Lord. Ask brotherh John if he play his violin while he gets ready. I just want to share something real quick. just a 30 second little I got really convicted over the weekend and it's Easter, you know, and when you're a Christian sometimes you just forget and I started praying. I'm like, man, this Easter, this is like the most important holiday, right, for what we represent and stand for. And uh so I went for a drive yesterday morning. And I was praying and crying and and um and just started thinking about what Easter meant to me that first year as a Christian and that second year as a Christian and what Easter like really genuinely meant. And uh it was funny this morning, you know, I just got up. I thought, "All right, I'll go. You know, I have a little bit more healing to do with my foot because I've been staying home a lot." But um all of a sudden, I get this text. Brother Kenny asked me to to sing a special and I'm like, "Okay." So, what we're going to do this morning is you have the words the old rugged cross. We're going to sing a congregational special and y'all are going to help. So, everybody stand up. [Music] It's in B flat. Sis, you love the Lord. Aren't you glad that he rose naturally and that you have the opportunity for him to rise in your heart? Amen. That's the goal. For him to live inside of you. I want to heal far away stood an old rugged cross. the emblem of suffering and shame. [Music] When I love that old cross where the dearest [Music] stand and best for a world of lost sers was slain. Sing it with all your heart. So I'll cherish that old rug in R [Applause] my trophy. At last I lay down. [Music] I will cling I will cling to the ruged cross [Music] and exchange it someday for the ground. Think about it. Will that old rugged cross so despised by the world has a wondrous attraction for me. Oh, the deep lamb of God left his glory above to bury to dark calary. [Applause] We all run till my trophy. At last I lay down. I'm going to cling to that wrong and exchange it someday for a crown. Think about these words now. When that old rugged cross, it was stained with blood so divine. A wonderous beauty I see. Think about what we just sung. Quote was on that old cross. Jesus of fur and now to Thank you. [Music] [Applause] the wrong [Applause] [Music] at last. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Sister, sister Annaise, we're going to sing us a special this morning. If you want to have your seats again, we want to welcome all the visitors again this morning. God bless you each one. Sister Hope, wonderful to have you here. A long distance uh family member back in town. [Music] outside. I hear them talking. Could it be it's me there mocking I for a night. It's all that matters anymore. [Music] Why? They put me in this prison. And I deserve what I been gi. [Music] And that's the one I'm dying for. [Music] I caught the eye of a man who was beaten. I saw the truth. Even I believed him. Now I can tell from myself who they're wanting more. [Music] I hear them cry. Release the rabbis. [Music] In disbelief, I turned to Jesus. He looked at me and he said, "Go free. You're the one I'm dying for. [Music] For the one who is hurting and the one who has done wrong. For the one who needs healing. It feels like hope is gone. For the weery who can't car anymore. You're the one. You're the one. I'm dying for [Music] For the one with all the questions and the one who just believes. For the one who cast the first stone. And the one down on her knees. For the weary who gave Mary his cross. anymore. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one I'm dying for. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Next, we'd like to invite the Bethl youth to come and sing a song for us. Let's give them a hand. Let's give the Bethl Youth a hand. Praise the Lord. Stay down here in the middle. Do we have any more? There you go. You stand here. All right, come here. There you go. Sam, come over here, honey. All right. And you're gonna go over there by Milo. Go by Milo. They want to see you. by Milo. Right there. There you go. That's great. Good job. Here you go. You guys get this. Share this. Okay. Say hi. Hi. Good. Say hi. Hi. So, we've been learning about what today in class, Hazel, what did we learn today? Crosses. What did we learn? What are you holding in your hand? A cross. A cross. Good job. Who died on the cross, Sam? Um Jesus. Jesus did. Does anybody know why he died on the cross for us? For our sins. For our sins. Very good. And the ultimate price of somebody who loves us so much is that he died on the cross. Right. So, we're gonna sing our song. Milo's holding. What are you holding? You know what you're holding? What is that? Crown. Yes. Yes, he did. Very pokey, isn't it? Yeah, it's really pokey. Do you know who made that crown of thorns for us a long time ago? I don't know. Grandma Sharon. Grandma Sharon. She did. She made it a long time ago for us. Okay, we're gonna sing our song. Okay, you guys are going to hold the mic. Turn around. You gonna share a mic, you guys. You all share right there. Sam, do you want to share with them? Hold it. Guys, look at me. Yes, I know. For the Bible tells me so. Little words to him belong. They are weak but he is strong. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Jesus loves me. is I know for the Bible tells me so little words can be love. They are weak but he is right. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. [Music] [Applause] Thank you. You guys can go back to your seat. Okay, [Music] I'm going to have Caitlyn come and sing us a special this morning. Um, Luna. Luna, you're supposed to sing too. And my wife, too. [Music] Share that. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you, Lord. Turn his face toward you and give you peace. The Lord bless you. and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you, Lord. Turn his face toward you and give you peace. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you, Lord. turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you in a thousand generations in your family and your children and their children and your children. May his favor be upon you in a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. Favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children praises. We behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you in the morning. He is every rejoicing. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their before you and behind you and you all around you within you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. He is with you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Let's all stand as brother Jason comes this morning. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Turn around, shake hands with somebody. Amen. Say, wish him a wonderful Easter. My goodness, what an hour to be a Christian. Praise God. My all these beautiful faces and all that wonderful singing. Our visitors, we say welcome. Amen. Good to have you, Mark. Good to hear with your have you here with your friends and all the different ones. So, hope you made it safe. Praise the Lord. Glad to have you and see your family there gathered with you. All of our uh as brother Random called them our pretty little Easter flowers today. I sure enjoy the ministry of children. Amen. And you know, Jesus said, "Unless you come like that, you'll you'll never be able to get in." Amen. You're going to have to have a childlike faith. And so, we appreciate all the wonderful worship and the singing. Amen. Brother Bradley, you ruined me with that song, buddy. I just want you to know that's one of my all-time favorites. I can't hardly sing it and stay in one piece. Amen. I love I love friends the old rugged cross. It means everything to me that day on Calvary. My what a day. And then to follow that as if that wasn't wonderful enough to follow that with the resurrection that we're here in consideration today, the greatest single event in human history. Good news. He is risen. Not he has risen. He is risen. Amen. Not just a It's not just a historical event. Um he's risen and living among us. We want to take up a couple prayer requests just before I uh break into my sermon. I let me also quickly give you a really good report from Brother Brad in the field down there um in Honduras. I believe there with brother Eric Gallow. And brother Brad sent back just a glowing report to the ministry team this morning and uh they had a wonderful time and I think he's ministering again this morning but he was saying last night that uh it was just it was just and even they are saying it was maybe the greatest youth meeting they've ever held there. So, we're tr thanking the Lord and trusting him now that all the seed of the word that was sown that the Holy Spirit will now water it day and night and it'll grow a crop. All a preacher can do is sew the seed. He can't He can't make it grow in you. He can't All I can do is preach it. It'll be up to the Holy Spirit to water it and up to you to love it and follow it, nurture it, keep it. Amen. you know, um, so Jesus talked about the four different areas where seed can fall. And to me, one of the most dreadful places is by the wayside because it just uh the seed that fell by the wayside is, you know, it's basically someone who heard the gospel and it meant very little to them at all. And as soon as they get out of church, the the the devil comes and just takes the seed. Jesus called it like the fowls of the air, but we know that's an allegory for demon spirits. And it'll just take that word and just carry it away and you'll forget that you even felt anything or heard anything from the word of God. That's a that's a dreadful place. So today, we're going to believe for better things. Amen. Going to believe that when the word goes forth, it'll find a a good bedding ground and it'll grow. Friends, it's good seed. The gospel is good seed and it'll grow. It'll grow a crop. It'll grow the life of God in your life, your everyday walking, talking life. That's what it's all about. Amen. Not unrested in a form of godliness. I want the real deal. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have a couple prayer requests. Brother Jason Dears is asking for prayer for his trip to Egypt. He leaves tomorrow, be gone through May 5. wants traveling mercies and prayer for the services and the ministers meeting as well as his family in his absence. Sister Lisa St. John, their house is dealing with that stomach flu that we had going around here a week or so ago. So, we all know to be praying for that. Sister Elizabeth Johnson is asking prayer for Brother Winston. He's getting ready to start some some treatments for some uh some growth that they found and uh they're going to start treating that. Amen. and she's asking for the Lord's mercy and all of that. And I just said we're going to pray that our brother will go forward with the perfect mind of Christ in leadership. Is that how you'll pray this morning? Amen. We're going to um invite you to Hebrews 2. Amen. But let's uh let's just call on the Lord right now. Master, we thank you this morning for your great grace to us. It is at times indescribable. It's certainly incalculable. What would we say to it, Lord? It seems to defy all sense of reason and logic that you loved us even when we were sinners. You died for us before we were born. Lord, you were buried and rose for our justification. You ascended on high. You sent back your spirit into the church that it might not just be a God above or even merely a God with, but now it can be the very God living in us. That's our great quest of life to allow the word of God to effectively, as Paul said, let the word of God dwell in you richly. So the word of God must be a person then, Lord. It has to be none other than the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. It can never be minimalized to just doctrine. Father, it's not. The word of God is more than just doctrine. The word is a person. In the beginning was the word. It was with God. And in fact, it was God, Lord. So, we're asking that the person of the word live in us today. Get your have your perfect will. Get glory to yourself, master, through the word that will come forth today by a believing people who will believe it and accept it, realize it and be grateful in their hearts. Now, it's a banner day, Lord. Many have gathered out today for this uh for a com a commemoration of this epic event. Lord, the greatest single day in human history when you rose from the tomb. And Father, you you ascended. You said, "All power in heaven and earth is given unto me. Because I live, you shall live also." Now, we're asking for your great mercy on our lives today. Lord, you heard our sick request. We're thinking of the home of the St. John family. were father thinking of brother and sister Johnson there Lord this morning that you will guide them brother Winston and sister Elizabeth in your perfect will asking prayer Lord for mercy for brother JD on traveling for the meetings we're asking for your continued mercy for brother Brad Lord as he's finishing up the meetings today and we'll be traveling home I pray master that you will bless us one and all we commit it to you now Lord Lord, as we turn to the word, I'm just Lord trying to trying to remove myself from the equation. Get out of the way and let you be the leader. I pray you'll grant that to me, Father. I'm just trying to find the perfect path. Much more material than we can cover today, but we just want your perfect path through it. We're going to follow you wherever the spirit leads me. That's my promise to you, Lord. And I ask that you'll bless it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. We're going to look in Hebrews chapter 2 this morning. Amen. We have some wonderful fellowship planned for after service and so trust that uh everybody be able to stay around. Amen. And uh eat some free food and have some good fellowship. Praise the Lord. Uh it's a it's a it's a more of a loose event kind of a potluck style thing is that I at least that's my take on it. Amen. But uh if we run out of food, we'll go get some more. Amen. Praise the Lord. In Hebrews chapter 2, uh we're going to look from uh I just want to read the 17th verse there in Hebrews chapter 2 and then we're going to go quickly to second Corinthians 5. Hebrews chapter 2 and verse 17. Wherefore in all things it behooved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. Amen. Second Corinthians chapter 5. Amen. and we'll catch verses. I have here 18 and 19. Let's start at 17. Uh, brother Mark, we'll start at 17. Read down through 19. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things are become new. And all things are of God, and ha who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation, to that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them. Thank God. And hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Now let's read on verse 20. Now then we are ambassadors for Christ as though God did beseech you by us. We pray you in Christstead that ye be reconciled to God. For he hath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. That's uh that's astonishing. Amen. that God would trade someone who was completely innocent and he would swap him for a people who were completely guilty. Amen. And he traded the innocent for the guilty. That's the love of God in reconciling the world. Let's pray once more. Father, having read your word, I commit myself now into your hands. Lord, may you use this vessel. We heard such a wonderful Sunday school lesson this morning. There's already been enough word preached that we could go home and be satisfied and be blessed. But we believe that you have brought us to this hour in this moment to hear something further from your word. Help me to be concise and direct and follow your leading. I surrender myself to you again in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. We've been working on a series of modern events are again made clear in prophecy and um it was it was my purpose to uh to go more deeply into that. Today we are going to take the title that I sent to the booth. This will be the fourth installment. But um I I you're going to see this morning that the message is going to lean more into the the the holiday not I don't want to call it a holiday season that that cheapens the resurrection but and we're not just here to celebrate a man-made event. And uh because that day on Calvary, his death, his burial, his resurrection was not I mean it was anything but a man-made event. It was ordained of God. It was carried out by a man and who humbled himself to the death of the cross for you and I. God, very God in flesh, dying for the sins of the world to reconcile the world unto himself. And I want to lean heavily today into that ministry of reconciliation because it's been committed to us. So what he did was so that you not only could be part of him but so that you could carry the gospel on. Amen. And so I want you to really absorb that today that what Easter meant is not about you know um everybody is in church even even the even the people who don't hardly go to church are in church on Easter you know and so uh so I I heard a preacher one time you know on Easter and he said I want to wish everybody happy birthday and and uh merry Christmas and happy anniversary and he said I I say all that now because I know I won't see you again until next Easter. But uh we're going to believe better things for everybody today. All right. So, we realize that the the ministry of reconciliation is something that he did to pave the way for God to redeem the whole world. Jesus died for the sins of the whole world. Now there's no doubt the scripture is very clear and it draws sharp lines of demarcation between various categories of humanity. Uh and and we we we could talk about the elect lady as John called her. We could talk about those who are granted eternal life at the judgment. And the Bible would say enter into the joys of the Lord prepared for you since the foundation of the world. And that's true uh because he will grant mercy to everyone who appeals for mercy. God will never send a man to hell who doesn't want to go there. Uh as long as that man or woman is willing to take God's provided way and his atonement. Now you can't escape it on your own. You have to take God's provided way. And so, so, but then we then then we realize that there's a next level of the redeemed family, the elect of Christ, the bride of Christ, who were part of uh of his genes. And the Bible says of them and only of them that that that they were ordained before, not just since, but before the foundation of the world. Now, the only other person that the entire Bible says that about is Jesus. And in two places it says it about him and in one place it says it about his elect lady. Amen. So, so we realize then that there's various categories. There's those who will gain eternal life for various deeds. Not that they earn their way uh into heaven because you cannot earn uh salvation by any means. It can't be earned that way. But but I'm glad that the that the great judge who knows the secrets of all hearts will be the final arbiter. I'm glad it's not me. Amen. I'm glad it's not you because I could easily misjudge you. You could easily misjudge me. It happens all the time. Amen. But I'm glad that there's one who knows the end from the beginning. He knows the very secrets of our heart. And he will judge the world by and according to their heartfelt response to the word of God. That's true in every age. At whatever level he revealed it, and he reveals it at various levels to different people, but at whatever level he revealed himself, uh, he will judge a person by their heartfelt response to that revelation. And I'll just leave it up to him. How about we just leave it up to him? I just want to do this. I want to serve him night and day. I want to look for his coming every morning. I I love him. I he my whole life is dedicated to him and to me that's what makes Easter so valuable not that it was a an event on the calendar. You know something friends a lot of times we look at the resurrection as an event on the calendar and when will it happen but the resurrection is not merely an event on a calendar though there is a date known unto God. Jesus said it's known unto the father when that time will come. But it's not merely a date on a calendar because Jesus actually said of himself, I am the resurrection. So the resurrection is more than an event on a calendar. It's a happening and it's happening right now. And I want to be part of the resurrection. And as such, then the ministry of reconciliation is committed to me as Paul said to be an ambassador of his life. Because once his life came back into the earth there in the early church then then it was God made flesh again in people. Not now now not just one lowly Nazarene walking the shores of Galilee going about doing good. Uh they wanted to make Jesus a king at that time. He he knew that that wasn't the father's plan because he said unless a corn of wheat died abideth alone. So, you know, he's he's going to talk a lot about the cyclical uh process of nature. We're not going to venture into that today. That's really uh in the nuts and bolts of of our prophecy series. But but at the same time, you just know this, friends. And here's something that Easter I I want it to to really become real to you today is that Calvary was not an accident. And the resurrection wasn't just an event. and and and the the the outpouring of the Holy Spirit in the day of Pentecost wasn't just an event that happened. It was a purpose-driven. It had a a goal and it was accomplished. And God had set the whole thing in motion. And God does nothing without a reason. You're here today for a reason. And I will suggest to you that it's a reason far more uh than what you might think that the reason is. You're you might be here today because oh I've got friends I want to see I've got family well it's Easter well it's this well it's that well you might even you might even have a more noble cause and say well I want to hear the word I want to fellowship the people I want to worship God I'm just going to say to you that it even exceeds that it exceeds anything that we could imagine in our own minds and I just want to have my heart positioned uh before the Lord we we've talked a lot about the humility of the heart. And I'm going to watch my time very closely. I uh we we gave uh the worship leaders some extra time today to because it's it's a special day. We wanted to have a lot of singing and worship. So I'll I'll monitor my time. We're not going to wear you out. I you I promise you. But but we find that we've been talking a lot about uh you know the approach to God and we found ourselves visiting again and again the first church service in Genesis 4 where two men came and offered worship and praise and brought a sacrifice and built an altar. One was received and one was refused outright. And you know and I I I'm not here to to relive all of that. We've been covering it. Today would be our fourth installment in it. But one of the things that we have found out is that God is is is is looking for the response. When he when he came to to Abel, Abel responded by uh obeying the word of God. Cain would not respond. And so we have been saying to you that prophecy, any series on prophecy has to begin at that first church service because it's that first church service that is going to give actual reason and purpose behind all of the history in prophecy. And in fact is you'll find an interesting thing in prophecy and when prophets come and we're we're going to look at Ezekiel 32. We won't get to it today. I'll just mention it briefly. But in the in the book of Ezekiel uh the 32nd chapter and I'll just maybe make this note. I'm just trying to feel my way forward. So I hope you're good with that. But we find that that even in the book of Ezekiel chapter 32, he's going to deal with a lot of nations. Uh he's going to deal with Elum. He's going to deal with the Babylonians. He's going to deal with the Egyptians. He's going to deal with the Assyrians. And he's going to he's going to say, it's almost like a pronouncement. It's almost like a declaration where he's going to say, you know, Babylon, I've got a message for you. and Sidon, I've got a message for you. And Egypt, I've got a message for you. And and basically, he goes down a list to say, for for evil causes and terrorizing the world, here will be your sentence. And then he'll go from Egypt to Babylon and for for evil events and for terror in the world and for putting terror in the hearts of men, this is going to be your sentence. and Elum this for and he keeps he keeps repeating it you know for for evil that you did in the world and for terrorizing the world this is going to be your sentence and none of none of them I got about you know I think there's seven or eight cases none of them end well amen and all of them follow the prophecy follows the history and then the future followed the prophecy because in some of the cases he's actually talking about a judgment that's already passed. And he's correlating what you saw happen to this prophecy. In case you were wondering why did this happen to Egypt, here's the here's why. In case you're wondering why did this happen and then he and then he talks about the present day. And there's some kingdoms in the present day that at the time of the prophecy are seem to be doing just fine. You not just like this country, like the present world seems to be fine. Seems like it should be able to go on forever. But it won't. It can't. That's right. And so he was saying those in the present day, here's going to be your future according to prophecy. And then he even looks way into the future and he starts talking about nations that will suffer. And the the common denominator is that they're all going to end up in the pit. That's right. Amen. They're all going to the same place for the same reason. And he's not going to break down all of the, you know, it's not about a a microscopic look. It's just going to be a a quick overview. In fact, is what is what left me a couple of things left me astonished. I thought, you know, that's just exactly like a prophet would do. A prophet would uh be he would roll in the ways that would that would um that would, you know, certify Hebrews 13:8 thousands of years later when Paul pinned it. Amen. That Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And so when Ezekiel comes on the scene, he's talking about yesterday, today, and forever. He's yesterday, the past, the present, and in the future. The book of Revelation does the same thing. The book of Revelation talks about the past, the present, and the future. And and even when a prophet came in our day and preached modern events made clear in prophecy, he went back to the past, came to the future. I mean, came to the present, and showed the future. Amen. That's right. And so the the the lesson to take away from that is that there are no accidents. There are only Gods. And all history and all the present day and all the future days, whatever remain of them are controlled not partially, not major in a majority, but entirely by prophecy. Amen. You have to understand that God already has it all worked out. It's already the drama to him is already finished up a long time ago. In his mind, we're already on the other side shouting for joy. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. But but God has to work it out. He has to allow it to come through time because he's he's got to be just, you know, he came as a man. And as Paul said, he Paul used the Old Testament allegory of a of a high priest. And and he says, you know, he became a high priest and he became a human being so that he could know what it was like to suffer. Now, let me just say this that God being God didn't have to do that to know something. You understand? God didn't have to live in flesh to know what it would be like to live in flesh. He's God. But his justice required him to play that out because that's the right thing to do. See, so he's got this plan of redemption. And so to to he doesn't have to do it, but to do the right thing, Lord, you're going to have to do the right thing. I mean, Abraham said that of him when Abraham is hearing that that that uh Sodom is about to be annihilated. And Abraham just starts saying, you know, you can't you can't fool me. I know you too good. That be far. You're not going to punish the innocent with the guilty. That be far from you. It's almost sounds like Abraham is arrogantly defying God. He's not doing that at all. Abraham knows this one that he has loved and served and and lived for. And he knows that that this just God would never punish the innocent with the guilty. He's not going to do that. and and now now the world is full of trauma and a lot of people suffer but that's the cruelty of sin that's never uh that was not God's intention friends when God made it he made it beautiful and so so we realize that he came down and lived as a man because that's the right thing to do to make to to serve his justice to make to make his judgment just he's going to live it himself and he's going to overcome the devil Not by his divine power, but he's going to prove that it can be done just by following the word. Amen. Amen. So that the whole world will then it will be a justifiable sentence of guilt for the world who never took God's provided way. Amen. And and so so when we look at it like that, you know something, friends, it's um it you know, God sometimes, you know, as a child of God and and I've been making this point over and over again, and I really would I really feel impressed to make it today. It's a it's it looms large in my mind. And so, as many times as you've heard me say it, hear me say it again. There were only two altars. Yes. Amen. There's no middle one. Amen. See, so it's either you're going to believe every word of God or you won't. All right. So, if you believe every word of God and accept God's provided way, then your sins go ahead of you to the judgment. And by the time you arrive, they're already met in Christ. And you take your place on the throne because you've passed from death to life. And you can never come into the judgment. See, so your life is already atoned for in Christ because you took the way of his word, God's provided way. Uh but but then if if you don't do that, then you subject yourself to a maybe. Yeah. You know, maybe he'll find a way. He wants to find a way to save you, but why would you take that chance? Why would you show up at the judgment bar? Do you realize how large the stakes are? Yeah. Do you realize that that when you when you if you receive a judgment of guilty at that judgment bar, there's no appeal. It's the final judgment. So his you say, "Well, then how do I avoid being judged there? Be judged here. Let this judge and rule your life." And if you will surrender to this and let this be your judgment seat and you'll do that here and now while there's mercy, then you won't have to stand there and then when there's no mercy and it's based on the merits of your thoughts and deeds and your heart and how you responded to God. I would never take a chance on this on the second choice because I am I am too aware I am too painfully aware that of my mistakes. and my weaknesses and my failures. And I'm so aware of them that for me there is no choice. I will take the way. I will stand before the word of God now. I will let it judge my life. I will allow it to tell me how to live. Yep. I will let it tell me how to act, how to speak, how to go, what to do, what not to do. If it says don't do it, I won't do it. Amen. And and if I make a mistake, I'll repent. Try to not do it again. That's right. But I'm determined to come. God's provided way. That's what Easter Easter has given you that ability. Before no one even had that ability. You couldn't even come to God. Even if you lived a righteous life, you could never enter into his presence. And you were held in a paradise. True. You were held, but you were still in the lower parts of the earth. But when Christ died, he that ascended first descended into the lower parts and and uh kicked down the door of Satan, took the keys and released his family and then ascended with his family. That's what is my desire. I want to ascend to the father. Oh, hallelujah, friends. I want that meeting in the air. I'm glad for Easter 2,000 years ago. But what what does that do for me? That's fine for Jesus that he rose, but how does that help me if I don't rise in him? So, this is precisely why as a child of God, he will not accept you trying to live somewhere in the middle. Amen. Because there's no middle altar. There's only two. And so this is this is precisely why as a child of God, as a child of God, the Bible says the devil's children does with him whatever he wants to do. But as a child of God, he will not accept you trying to live somewhere in the middle, some quasi middle, no man's land, uh between the world and the word. You got one foot in one and one foot in the other. That's the most miserable existence possible. Oh, escape condemnation and come all the way into Christ today. It's precisely why. Because there was not two altars. That's why he will never accept you trying to live somewhere in the middle. This is why God will sometimes even through painful means if necessary not allow you. So, he will not only will he not accept you living in the middle, he will not allow you to live somewhere in the middle. Rest assured, friends, that if you're his child, you're going to stop loving your life. Amen. That was the an identifying marker. They love not their lives unto death. That's the faith chapter that Paul talks about. That's the number I want to be in. See, they they Moses made that choice. He looked on the riches of Egypt. And he decided that the suffering uh for with the children of Israel was a of a greater reward than all the riches of Egypt. See, and so he the Paul said they loved not their lives unto death. And he has a vision of you. And uh and though you were born in sin, separated from him, he pursues you to get you to cooperate in the vision that he sees of you. He's trying to get you to walk in the will that he has laid out for your life. And you can trust him that that that his path for your life is the best one. See, it's not always that it looks like the the most fair one. See, but it's the best one. Reconciliation. So when we think about reconciliation, what does that mean? Well, you know, reconciliation when it has finished its course, it'll be a time where uh on the other side, a prophet said, "All wrongs will be made right." Hallelujah. I'm so glad that there's going to something's going to happen to my record in the world. Now, I know that in the mind of Christ, I'm already in the clear. But I'd like to be clear uh everywhere. I'd like to wake up every day and my body is my mind are clear. All wrongs are made right and mistakes I've made and jammed my own life up, it'll be unjammed. Hallelujah. All the problems that we caused oursel. Hallelujah. All the times where we failed and you say the devil may be and probably no, he didn't. He can't. If you're a child of God, he can't get into you. He'd have to come through the blood of Christ. Then he'd be your brother. He said you went out to him. How many times have we stepped away from the presence of God and allowed the enemy to take us down a road and then But thankfully, God's mercy always calls to us. It pursues us everywhere we go. It won't leave me alone night and day. I say, "Lord, ever take whatever from me. You have to drive sleep away. What? By whatever means necessary. Don't let me go the wrong way. Amen. It's when all wrongs will be made right. It's when the unrealized realities of all that I was in his image, in the image of everything he saw of me before the foundation of the earth. When that image has come to pass, that's reconciliation. Amen. It's when all questions will be answered. and and and you know I I used to think and I I found even an old note as I I don't even remember when I wrote it but I was you know talking about the the the the how and the the why you know so how did how did you how did you save me? I want to see the whole process, Lord. And oh, I went through this and I went through that. And then a lot of times we run into situations in life. You may be here today facing one. And the question that plagues mankind has for millennia is the why. Yeah. Why did I suffer that? Yeah. Because not knowing makes it worse. Amen. A lot of times if you're in the middle of a trial and you don't know why now if God would just come down and appear to you and tap you and put his arm around you and go, "Listen, I got a plan. It's all part of my plan." You as a Christian, you'd go, "Okay, Lord. Thank you." Yeah. As long as you got this. I'll be fine. Ain't that how you feel as a as a believer? But a lot of times things happen not only in your life, but to loved ones. And life as brother Random called it the grabag of life sometimes doesn't seem to deal you a fair shake and you can you can ask the question but I to me friends I realized that as I read that old note about about the why I thought you know that's what I used to think then but at my age now and been serving the Lord this long and and when I see the burgeoning uh of prophecy and the and the rapture about to take place and knowing what I know about how I'll feel. When a prophet said when you cross over, the first thing that'll go through your mind will be, "Why was I ever worried?" I'm going to tell you something, friends. When you cross into that, I promise you, you're not going to care about why. I'll be happy to know how you did it, how you pulled it off, but the why won't a thing to me. No matter what I suffered, what I lost, when I'm in that realm, oh, none of that's going to matter. Paul said it won't even be worth discussing. Amen. It won't even seem something that occupies your mind. The why. Who cares the why I'm here. I'm here. I don't care about why. I'm here now. That's all that matters. I don't ever have to go back and do that again. Glorious day. Amen. That I'm here. That I made it. The sheer relief, little doubt will negate most if not all of the why. When we, as the prophet said, when we sit there at that table thousands of miles long, the words still make me emotional and said the king will walk out and drive away your tears and say, "Don't weep anymore. It's all over. Enter into the joys of the Lord. Oh, prepared for you since the foundation of the world." Ephesians 1:4 shows us that we were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. So God in Christ reconciles his family back to God. So and and not only does he reconcile them, but he molds them into the purpose and image of why he put them here. Yes. So you see he he molds he's molding you here. If you if you're wondering about the why so much now just realize he's he's molding you. Yeah. Say well I've come to him. I've surrendered myself. Good. Now he can get started. Amen. See so as I've said to you many times remember that sign I saw on a friend of mine. I was in his office. He's a good Christian man and good friend of mine. And he had a picture of Jesus and uh you know the the whole world and it was built on the order. You know, you've seen the one of Uncle Sam standing there in his in his big red, white, and blues and stripes and he's pointing Uncle Sam needs you. And and and and they it's Jesus not dressed up like that, but it's Jesus, you know, gesturing to you saying, "I never said it would be easy. I only said it would be worth it." Amen. Amen. See, so he's reconciling God's family back and then he begins molding them into all that he saw before time. Not just since time, not just since the day you were born, but he it's not just that I got born into the earth and he decided to chase me down and save me. It's that you came into the earth as an expression from his loins. Amen. And in him, and we can't explain it any further than that. All I know is in his thoughts they I existed. Hallelujah. Say in what way? Well, I don't know. But I know his thoughts were real. Yes. Amen. I know that that's different between my thoughts that are just figment of thoughts. And he didn't believe in in the Mormon doctrine of pre-existence of soul. So somewhere between that error and my thoughts that are just thought, God's thoughts exist and I was in him. And in there uh the lamb of God. I mean, if you struggle with that, all you have to do is look in the book of Revelation and it tells you that the lamb of God was slain before the foundation of the world. See? Amen. So, so you know, I you know, when we read and I've been talking to you a little bit and I sometimes I feel sorry for, you know, I've seen these reels of these street preachers and I admire them. God ever blessed them. Some of them I admire their their heroic attitude to be on the street, to be on college campuses defending the faith of Christ. They don't have all the parts right, but hey, they're they're doing more than I'm doing. So, I my hats off to them, you know. Jesus, you know, the disciples came to him and said, "Lord, there's some men preaching in your name and even baptizing, but they're not with us. Should we shut them down?" You know, and Jesus said, "Goodness, no." He said, "Who whoever is not against, you know, whoever's for me could hardly be against me." Right? You see, so you know, again, we come back to this uh God's got a plan. He's got it all. Just let him run it. See, and so so we but I I I've seen them many times where it's it's become a a favorite tactic of of campus Muslims to and and I love I love the Arab Muslim people. I've dedicated my life to working there in the mission fields. Brother Jason carries on a lot of that work. That's why we had such an affinity Bethl Tabernacle for years had our work in the mi in the Muslim Middle Eastern world. Um and and the Lord has done such great things. They're are very noble people. And I'm not talking about radical Islam. And neither am I talking about radical uh evil so-called Christians because we got those too. All right. So, but but they are very noble people and uh and many of them have have have had tremendous supernatural uh responses. I've talked to them before where they came to Christ because they they had a a vision of Jesus, but they didn't know who he was. And they and he said, you know, uh I I have forgiven you and I have made your life clean. And he says, "Who are you? Who are you that forgives my sins and makes me clean and I feel clean?" But how did I Who are you? And he says, "I am Jesus Christ." Amen. And and and there's many testimonies like that. You You remember the uh where uh and I don't want to get sidetracked telling stories today because I've got years of stories to tell from my travels. But but we find the point that I want to make is that sometimes they they point out and they love it's become almost a thing to try to you know jam up the preacher the Christian apologist by saying you know nowhere in the gospels or the Bible does Jesus claim to be the son of God. Now, on a technical sense, there's there they've got a point to be made because Jesus certainly claims that and certainly says it. But he says it in more of an indirect way and and some of the ways that are even indirect are pretty direct to where you could not conclude anything else other than that's what he means. It's not I mean all even all the ambiguity is gone. But the point they're making is the technical side of it. Uh this is exactly why Paul said I came not to you in the technical side only. Amen. See, I came in power and demonstration. People can argue the technical side. Apologists can argue what the word means. You can have a good argument and they can give you a good counterargument. It's not that. Say, well then why do you, brother Jason, why do you follow the understanding of the scripture that you follow? Well, I follow it for the exact same reason that William Brandham said he followed it. And that is he said, I get the same results that they had in the early church. Amen. So, you can argue all day long apologetics and you can argue the Greek and argue the Hebrew, but the real question comes down to it is does what I believe has it changed my life? Does my life mirror the life of Christ that he lived when he was a human? Amen. And do I believe every word of God? And do I let it flow out of my life? And do we see the eye the blinded eyes open? Yes. The deaf hear? Yes. The lame walk? Yes. The dead raised? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So I the the version of the gospel and there's 40 north of 40,000 versions. Right. But the version that we believe seems to get the same results that the book of Acts church got. So why would I not why would I not follow the version that produces that? See, so we can and so they they argue that and sometimes I feel sorry for the apologist because they're they don't realize that generally they're hog tied because of the trinity doctrine and they're trying to explain around that and they're trying to get a Muslim who believes only in one god and uh or or a Hebrew a real true Jew who believes only in one god and they're trying to jam this triple thing of some ridiculous idea that he's one person but he's three persons Wait. Huh? Come on. Yeah. Well, he's he's one being, but he's three persons. Wait, what? Yeah, he's he's he's three he's three persons. Yeah. So, he's three he's three gods. No, no, no. He's just one God. Okay, I need to go back to school. What? How do you get How do you get that? And and their defense of that is, and I've heard their best scholars, their best their top-of-the-line apologists say, "Look, it's a mystery." I'm like, boy, it sure is. It's so inconsistent with the Bible and God never honors it. And that's why they don't have the blind eyes open and the lame walking and the dead being raised. See, because there's no other name given under heaven among men whereby we must be saved, but the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So they don't realize, see, they don't realize, and we were talking about this Wednesday, the the beauty of Revelation 1 1:8 is it's the revelation of Jesus Christ that culminates in the eth verse where he is saying, "I'm the alpha, the omega. I'm the beginning, and the end. I'm the almighty." Taking away all ambiguity. You can't. That's not ambiguous. When he's saying, "I am the Almighty." Amen. I mean, how much how how more less can I say it like that? How more less am ambiguous could you say it? Uh, who are you? I'm the Almighty. What does that mean? I'm the Almighty. Well, but but tell me the definition. Okay. There was an Almighty and I'm him. I am. I am. Amen. So, okay. I want to know the creator. Yeah, you got him. Well, I mean the very first one. You mean the alpha? Yeah. Here you go. Oh, what? Okay. But but what about the ending? Yeah, I'm him, too. What about the one who will sit on the throne? Mhm. What about the one who who is who John saw? Yep. Amen. You got me. See? Amen. So, so then when we So then that forces us to look back at the gospels and I was showing you Wednesday night that the difference between the gospels describing Jesus and re the book of revelation describing Jesus is in the gospels he didn't come to honor and glorify himself. He came to glorify the father. He and he says herein is my father glorified in St. John 15 that you bring forth much fruit. I'm the vine, you're the branches. My father's the gardener, the farmer, the husbandman. See? So, so it's this it's this top down that flows through and flows out. And this is why Paul would say we're ambassadors. So, so it's it's now flowed to us. So, when he's when he's living in his human form, he's laying down a road map for because he's the word made flesh in a human being. But on the day of Pentecost, the word would be made flesh in 120 human beings. Amen. And within days, thousands and a few more days, thousands more. And it would start spreading everywhere. And it would be the word of God made flesh in human beings. And so when he's living in the gospels, he's showing you, he's laying down a road map for when it would be your turn to be the word made flesh. And I feel sorry for them that that they see they they're trying to answer the question of, "Well, is he did he say he was the son of God?" But they're missing the grand understanding of the Godhead that he was only as a human being so that he could become kinfolk to me and pay the price because God couldn't do that in spirit form. He had to become a man, a kinsman, redeemer that you have today is in Christ. He had to become kinfolk to the human race. So he became a man. Justice required that he take on the penalty of death on your behalf. Amen. The beauty of it is if you had have done that, if you tried to do that, you'd be just like Adam. Adam tried, The first Adam tried to do that. The first Adam tried to save and he was the son of God. He tried to save his wife by stepping into sin on her behalf. The problem was he got caught himself in sin. But the second Adam, the grave couldn't hold him. Death couldn't conquer him. It was just the opposite of that. He went in down, conquered death, hell, and the grave and ascended out and then pulled his bride out with him. And today you are free from the law of sin and death. Amen. Amen. So, so Revelation 18 leaves very little doubt as to who he was. And the opening of the seventh seal leaves little doubt as to who his redeemed family are. Amen. See? And so I mean it it's very clear. It's it's it's not ambiguous. His his family uh his family are duplicates of him in the earth. Amen. And so when he showed us the way forward, we go in that way. See? And so you know how and and what's the way forward? Okay. What's what's the end goal? So that I like him can conquer the world, sin, the flesh, and the devil. Amen. Jesus conquered all all four of those. Jesus conquered sin. He conquered the world. He conquered flesh. He conquered the devil. And and he showed me the way forward. Say what? What was his main ingredient? I do always that which pleases the father. Uh the son does nothing but what he sees the father doing. So So how do I do that today? Here he is. I'm following the father. I'm following the way. I'm following the word. I get the same results. It's not rocket science. The bride of Christ are identified because they their lives resemble his life. Amen. Which always believed God and always obeyed the word of God. See? So, so that's what makes it stand out. It's not more complicated than that. It's a total surrender to the word. That's what Jesus did. Amen. So, it's not more complicated to than that. What makes it stand out, you know, is that you can actually do none of those things. Only Christ living in you by your surrender can do it. And this really, well, this is what Easter means. Amen. That's what Easter is all about is that it's Christ living in you because you surrendered to him to his word. So he came to earth to live Jesus came to earth to live an authentic version of the original life of God. And he came to live the life that God intended for humans to live. Amen. Amen. So, and then he ascends back to God as a faithful high priest as we read in our text so that he could feel all that we feel and all that we feel. And so, through this uh experience of human suffering, through this experience of human weakness, uh of human frailty because Jesus suffered all of that, you know, he was, remember, he was the virgin-born son of God, but he's living in a cursed body made from a cursed earth. That's why how he could age. That's why he could get sick. That's why he could be killed. You understand? How? Try that. Try try to apply any of that to the spirit of God. Him get sick, him be killed. No. Impossible. See, so God comes in a form and makes himself vulnerable. The apostle explains it that he he he who was who thought it not at all a strange thing to say I'm equal to God. When you believe in me, you believe in God. When you say, "Show us the father," you're looking at him, Philillip. See, so he that thought it not strange at all to be caught equivalent to God, uh, the very God, laid aside his splendor and took on the form of of a sinful man, and submitted himself to the death of the cross. See? So, so having then after his resurrection returned um uh returned after he after he was tempted in all ways that I could be and returned to the very God that he had been before his human incarnation, then he was then at that point he's going to understand with perfect knowledge. And I'm so glad because now by perfect experience, he's going to understand all the sin traps that I could fall into and all the sin traps that I've been c all the sin traps we've been caught in. Absolutely. Oh, come on. All the sin traps we've been caught in. See? Amen. So he could understand what it means to be to to to to stumble into those things and live under that weakness and desire fellowship to be reconnected. What what is the spirit of repentance? Is it is it Here's a couple of things. It's not. Brother Brandon talks about how that, you know, he said if he'd stepped out on his wife, he said, "God forbid, you know, that I would ever, but if I ever did, he said, I believe she'd forgive me." But he said, "But what if I come to back to her and said, "Hey, hey, old buddy, old pal, old chum." So, uh, yeah, I yeah, I kind of messed up, but hey, hey, yeah, forgive me, old girl. What do you say? Come on. How about it, old buddy? And brother Brandon would say, his wife would say, "What what has happened to my husband?" Yeah. See, that's not a spirit of repentance. And then it's and then and then the next level goes and here's another thing a little higher, but it's still not this. It's not that you repent because you don't want to go to hell. It's that there's a deep broken sorrow inside of you because you realize you have you have hindered the fellowship with your creator. And there's nothing more important to a believer than daily fellowship with that being. Amen. And so it's a spirit of repentance that you want to be whole again. You want to be back in fellowship. He he understands all the traps we can fall into. He understands with perfect knowledge the things that that and e even our laziness and our dilatory ways that and the times when we were complicit and we helped the devil trick us. Amen. Amen. Sure you did. Deny all you want, but you did. Amen. You know, and and and even while I even while I do it, he's faithfully reconciling me. I mean, what a deal. Even when I'm in complicit with the enemy, he's still reconciling me. That body of the of the Messiah of Christ is still laid there and that blood is still speaking for me. And I still enjoy the innocence of Christ. and and that way and because it it's impossible for a son of God to sin. He cannot sin. The seed of God remains in him. But in our flesh, we can commit a sin, a transgression. But we have an advocate. Hallelujah. Who will constantly plead our case to the father. Thank you, Lord. See, and so God gazes upon my sacrifice. uh that corporal body of Jesus laid on the altar and and and and and as such he gazes gazing upon my sacrifice that I remain unchanged by my earthly failures. Amen. Amen. Think of that. Think of what Easter means. When you have Hallelujah died and been born in Christ, nothing you do, no earthly condition can alter your heavenly position. That's right. That Christ saw of you before the foundation of the world. So, no wonder we have the guarantee that if we repent, he will be faithful and just to forgive us because th the this promise, this is his promise and it's always been it's always been not only unmmerited, but unlimited. Thank God. Say, "Well, it's unmmerited." Oh, praise God. Yeah, but it's also unlimited. Hallelujah. Because I've did a lot of unmmeriting. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. So when we talk about biblical redemption, we put forth Christ's role as a mediator and the the resulting call of the Holy Spirit is that we participate in God's work of reconciliation. So thus he said, "Wherefore in all things it behooveth him to be made like unto his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God to make reconciliation for the sins of the people." See, so we see that he he's made like unto his brethren. He's he's fully human so that he could serve as a merciful high priest because he's sharing in human nature and the human experience. and he's able to then uh sympathize and not only sympathize but empathize with our weaknesses. And so it the the whole reason that Paul draws on the Old Testament high priest is that unlike a human priest who were imperfect, Jesus's perfect sinlessness um they enable him to mediate effectively because for him he he he knows your heart so that he's not basing his decision to forgive you on the severity of the transgression. Yeah. You understand? It's not about the severity of your transgressions. I'm going to read you a statement here in a minute that brother Brandon made and it's so it's so uh so incredible and we we'll we'll finish with it today. Uh but it's just amazing. He he said it in 1955 in fellowship by redemption. He says, and I just want you to I want you to absorb in this quote, not doctrine. I want you to absorb the value of Easter so that today when you leave here, you'll understand and you'll have a greater appreciation for what that day on Calvary meant, his death, his burial, and his resurrection. That he ascended on high and sent his life back into the church. Amen. Brother Brown says, "No matter what you've done, sinner friend, when God sees you confess your sins as being wrong and God looks through the blood of the Lord Jesus, he sees you snow white. No matter what you've done, he's looking through you through Christ's blood. You're redeemed. A precious thing that is a you talking about no wonder the Bible says be ye reconciled unto God. Because true reconciliation that God is trying to make you one of his ambassadors. The first thing he's going to do, he says, "No matter what you've done, sinner friend, when God sees you confess your sins as being wrong, then he looks at you through the blood of Jesus. He sees you snow white. No matter what you've done, he's looking through Christ's blood. You're redeemed. A precious thing. God will never condemn you no more. He can't condemn you. So now Rubicon has been crossed. Wait a minute. You mean he can't condemn me? So somehow we've crossed a line where there's no going back. He can't revisit my case. See, he says, "When God made the first man, he made the heavens and the earth. And when God stood back on the old creation and looked upon it, he didn't look upon it to judge it. He looked upon it and said, "How good it is." He admired it. Oh my. Do you see it? He looked and seen how good it was. Everything was perfect. The trees and everything, the man and the woman, it was all perfect. He said, "It's very good." But now, Satan perverted that. Yeah. Amen. See, so the let this inform your thinking as to what kind of a being God is. God is not his whole desire is not to destroy you. His whole desire is not to even destroy the world. His whole desire is that even he would that every man come to salvation. God looked at the earth in its perfect condition and he wants it back there again. He looked at you in your original condition and he wants you back there again. No wonder he would so quickly forgive you. No wonder he would cross a line and say, "I'm going to so forgive you. I'm going to so redeem you. I'm going to take that past. I don't care what it was. It doesn't even matter. I'm going to toss it in the sea of forgetfulness. It can never be remembered against you anymore. Even by me, even I'm going to forget it. And you're going to stand perfect because I'm trying by any and all means to get you back home in the condition that I saw when you left here. See? Amen. So this ministry of reconciliation is a beautiful thing. See, so we find then that that only and I and I just thought it was a a beautiful way to think about it is that and I and I've got other things I can read but I want to close. Let me read you this last one in why Christ speak. Now this is a year later or a couple years later 59. And he says, "Now God is not going to hold a man responsible for he's talking about for being a sinner." You know why? Because you were born a sinner. He's not going to hold a man responsible because he's a sinner. Because he was born a sinner. But what God is going to hold a man responsible for is because that he remains a sinner. See, he didn't have to do that. He didn't have to remain a sinner. For there is a provision made for his justification through Jesus Christ. and and and so so at the end of the day, friends, the the failure to appreciate the real meaning of Easter and remain in your sin, right? Remain in your sin and and and so it's only those who remain in sin by their own will have their sins held against them in judgment. Amen. That's the only ones. If you're willing to come to him, let me say this today, Brother Kenny, get ready to gather your team. If you are willing to come to him and by the indwelling Holy Ghost be reconciled back to God, reconciled from the lost state that you were born in. Can I ask you a question? If you're willing, Amen. to come to God and be reconciled back to him through the Holy Ghost. Why Why would he hold your sins against you? Why would he? I If he came and died for you and you're willing to come and repent and be filled with his life, why would he hold your sin? The whole reason he died and rose and ascended and gave you back his life so that he could forgive you and reconcile you. Be ye reconciled back to God. Amen. See, why then would he hold your past sins against you? The whole reason he died at Calvary was to reconcile you from a sin birth condition that was not your fault. Amen. Let's stand. The sin that you were born into was not your fault. It was never your fault. Paul says that the creature came not willingly. It was subjected to it. See, and and so so a lot of times people they cannot uh you know they they cannot recognize uh the what representation means. Amen. something very uh worshipful. Brother Kenny, I want to I wasn't going to read this, but now that I've got you standing, you know we're closing. Let me read this last one. What an appropriate quote. This is from the true Easter Seal. Do you know there's a true one? If there's a true one, there's an artificial one. [Music] So, brother Brandham says, "And it was somewhat that way with Cain because he brought in the fruits of the field and made his service to God and it was rejected because he did not come the right precise way that God had ordained him to come. But he had made his offering and done everything religiously just as his brother. But he was rejected. And because he was rejected on the spiritual side, then it caused a jealousy to rise in him because he was greedy. That's in man. There's a prophet owning it. That's in man. He can't help being what he is because he's born in that condition. I'm glad God understands that man is represented in heaven as a sinner by a sinner. See, because because in in Adam, he you know, you got one thing that condemns us all to sin in the first Adam and then we're reconciled in the second Adam. So he said, "You are represented in heaven as a sinner by a sinner." I was speaking on that some time ago and someone said, you know, that's that's not just if I'm to be represented by one man's disobedience and I don't have a chance. I mean, it sounds like goodness gracious. You mean to tell me that I'm I'm born in sin because one man that I didn't have anything to do with who lived 6,000 years ago because he did it, now I'm born guilty, too. Mhm. Yeah. In Adam, we all die. See? [Music] And he said, well, he said, I if I'm to be represented by one man's disobedience, then I don't have a chance. And brother Brandham said, "That's true because you are born a sinner, but you are represented." See, you are condemned to condemnation by representation. See, when you're born in sin, you're condemned by representation. It's guilt by association. You're a human offspring of that human who sinned, and it sentenced every man born after that to be born in that. So, so you're you're you're born guilty. See, I said that's true because you're born a sinner, but you're represented. You're condemned to condemnation by representation. Well, then that looks very cruel. Amen. I'm glad you're a prophet on that. That looks very cruel. But turn it on the other side. Then we are ordained to eternal life by representation. Where one represented us to death, another represented us to eternal life. So it puts us back again before the throne. Every human being comes right back to the same place to make our choice. I am back at the same place that Adam to make a choice and I choose differently. I choose his word. I choose reconciliation and I choose to be made an ambassador of his kingdom. So when I was born, I was guilty by representation. Today I'm innocent. Say, are you really innocent? Well, not by my record, but by representation. I'm innocent. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what makes Easter special. That's why it's more than Easter eggs and bunnies and and and and sales at the store. It's it's and and and a and a dinner and dressing up. It's more than that. I have a new representative. And God looks at me through his blood and I look pure. I'm not, but I look pure to him. I look holy. I don't always feel holy, but God only sees me as holy. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, friends, this is what Easter is about. So today, maybe if you came here and it was just a dress up day or just a tradition, could you maybe leave with it being a little more a little more valuable to you? Maybe you heard some things today you weren't aware of. Wow, I didn't really have the scul score. Now I know. And knowing's half the battle. Knowing's half the battle. But of course there's always the other half. The other half is always application. As he said, now we're all brought back. It doesn't mean because Christ died. Listen, because Christ died, buried, rose, ascended, sent back life. That doesn't mean the whole world gets a free pass to be saved. What it does is come brings you back to the choice. And now where is you had no choice until that day on Calvary. Now you've got a choice. Hallelujah. Choose you this day whom you will serve. You're going to serve man-made tradition or will you serve the living God who can produce in your life the same results that they got in the book of Acts. The choice is yours. That's what Easter is about, friends. It gives you that choice to make. Father, today we come down, Lord, to the end of this service. And I feel so grateful to you, Lord, that I made the decision right off the bat feeling torn between two different directions, but I knew better than to go my own way. And I just followed your lead, Lord. And today, I have a great sense of peace and satisfaction in my heart that the message has fell in the camp. It's it's here. It's arrived. Father, now men and women, boys and girls, stand on in your presence, not to me, it's to you. And they stand with a choice that men mankind never used to have until that day on Calvary. And that you ascended on high and sent back your life into the church. And now we're given the choice. A choice we're right back there at those two altars. We're right back there in Genesis 4 and there's only two altars. Which one will I choose? Which sacrifice will I take? Will I try to bring my own goodness like Cain did? Or where or am I willing to take, Lord, a way that seemed cruel and hard, but yet it was the way of blood. It was the way of life. It was because that that it represented that lamb that Abel killed, his innocent life. He wasn't innocent little lamb, but he wasn't a human. So his life couldn't come back on Abel. So he only represented the lamb of God. And when the lamb of God came as Christ Jesus, now he's a human. So when he gives his life on the cross like that lamb gave up his life, then now the life of the one who died can live in me and can bring me back and reconcile me back to God. Oh hallelujah. Thank you for that today. Now, master, enough's been said. We're going to give the Holy Spirit a little bit of time. We're going to sing some songs. We're going to worship. That's when it's time to really worship and sing. When the word has come forth, when evil spirits and darkness has been driven back and people's hearts are open to your presence, Lord, the world will just shut it back. The world will slam the door shut once they leave here. Lord, it's an evil place. But right now, while the glory of God is here, while the word is gone forth, while it's still ringing in the people's ears, may they make the right choice today to say, "Master, I want everything. I want to be just like you. I want to be a duplicate of you. I want that same life that lived in you to live in me. I pray you'll grant it, master. May every man, woman, and boy, and girl make that correct choice today. We love you. We thank you in Jesus' name." Amen. Let's sing a song or two, a couple of bars of this before we go. We've got a day of fellowship and food and activity, but let's give the Lord a few more minutes. Will you do it? Amen. Let's sing, brother Kenny. Amen. You are here [Music] moving in our mid. Do you believe it? I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. Hallelujah. I worship you, Lord. I worship you. You are here. You are here. Thank you, Lord. Touching every heart. Touch our hearts today. I worship you, Lord. We worship you today. I worship you. You are healed. You promised you'd be in heart. Bring healing to hearts today, Lord. I worship you, my worship you. We are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the Oh, we worship you today. Hallelujah. Jesus, I worship you. Oh, glorious God, we worship you. Lord, I worship you. You are near. Yes, God. ending. Do that thing that only you can do. I worship you. Touch hearts convince mind. I worship you. Let's go now. You're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Oh, way maker, miracle worker, keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. That is who you are. That is who you are. Oh, let's sing it. Come on now with all your heart. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, Even when I don't feel it, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're you're way maker, miracle worker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are, Lord. That's who you are to us. We love you, Lord Jesus. We thank you for this wonderful day. Thank you for these people, believers of your word, those who accept the love and liberty that Christ offers. May none leave here today, Lord, empty of every promise of God. May none leave here today, Lord, failing to acquire and achieve all that God has for them. You paid a terrible price for it, Lord. But that day on Calvary means, Lord, it literally means the world to me. It means life in this world and the next one coming and all the new heavens and the new earth afterward. If it wasn't for you, you made it all possible, Lord. No wonder, no wonder that Revelation chapter 1, it brings glory to you. I am the Alpha, the Omega, the first, the last, the beginning, the end, the Almighty, Lord. And and he it says there that you have made us kings and priests to God. We are your ambassadors today. Help us to absorb the weight of that. take it on as a responsibility. May we realize that our short little vapor of a life here, Lord, is it's it's not even it's not even worth living if we don't have eternal life. A man that's born of a woman is just a few days and full of trouble and it's just a vapor. It appears for a little while, vanishes away. What What's the point if I don't have eternal life? What's the point if I'm not living for you? And then I can live on. That's the beauty of the gospel. That I can live on beyond this world. Live on beyond when the world is on fire. Lord, when they have set it ablaze themselves, it won't be you doing it. Mankind will do it to himself. But Lord, at that time, that table thousands of miles long, I want to be sitting there across from the saints of old. I want to know, Lord God, and I can testify at the top of my lungs. It wasn't easy, but it was worth it. I commit these people into your hands, this whole day of fellowship now into your hands. Commit them all to you in Jesus name. Go with them, Father. Continue to speak to them, deal with them tonight. Perhaps when they lay their head on their pillow, they'll remember the service and they'll remember the words they heard. And maybe that'll be enough to have a conversation that will lead them to thee. Lord, for those who already know you, may it be a doubling of their effort. May they may it be a rededication of our lives. I know how it that's how it makes me feel. Lord, I want to run harder, faster, climb higher, reach forward, press, as Paul said, toward that toward that mark. That pressing doesn't represent something easy. It's a straining. Strain, press, reach, stretch. There's a there's a prize. There's a high calling to be obtained. May it be our portion today. We love you in Jesus name. God bless you friends. Greet one another again in the love of God. Say God bless you. You can be dismissed at your leisure in the name of Jesus. We'll see you out in fellowship. God bless you. God bless to all of our visitors. Happy to have you here today. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Applause] All my life you have been so so good. And every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your heart. You have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Applause] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. I lay down. I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. Running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] [Applause] Your goodness is running after running after me. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am made, I will sing. [Music]
