################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-10 - 250910-Caleb CampbellHis Divine Nature - Caleb Campbell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-10
Title:   250910-Caleb Campbell:His Divine Nature
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2g1-HyoYvE
========================================

[Music] Y'all sing this with us. [Music] Bleeding in the darkness. The cell was cold and black, driven to unconsciousness by the stripes upon his back. He heard a voice call out his name. His mind began to cleave and in the darkness he replied, "Silus, I am here." [Music] Oh my brother Silas, Paul uttered with a groan. Today I thought for sure. Oh, we were going home. And when I opened up my eyes, I'd look upon his face. But here we are together in this dreadful place. But I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. I know I will praise the Lord. [Music] This may be a prison. Oh, in these may be chains. But still I am free. Oh, free to praise his name. And inulation my heart still sings. He is my Messiah. Oh, he is the King of Kings. [Applause] Prisoners started waking up cuz singing filled their ears. Some men started swearing. Oh, but others were in tears. And suddenly it happened. Oh, there was no mistake. As Paul and Silus praise the Lord. Oh, the walls began to shake. [Music] I will break the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. Oh, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord [Music] no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. I will praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. My chains are gone. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I've been set free. My God, my savior, yours ransom me. Like a flood and like a flood. His mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing [Music] grace. Sing that again. My chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Could we sing it from the top now? Amazing grace. Sing it like a testimony. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, my chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my save, [Applause] yours ransom me. Lord like a flood his mercy rains unending love. Oh may it was grace. Let's sing this verses now. was grace that told my heart to fear and grace [Music] release. Give these brothers power. Oh, how preious did that grace appear. The hour. The hour. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I first believe. Raise it up. My chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my And like I mercy, [Music] &gt;&gt; through many dangers, through many days [Music] to Is this your testimony? I have already done and it was grace that brought me safe this far. It will be grace and grace will lead me on when we've been there. when we been there 10,000 years bright shine at the sun. Think about that. We know less days to sing your praise than when we first begun. Oh, my chains are gone and I've been set free and my God my ransom me. Oh, and like a flood his mercy reigns. [Music] indeed love the earth shall soon sing that now. Oh, the earth it shall soon dissolve like snow and the sun and will forbear to shine. Oh my God whose home be here below shall be shall be forever. Oh, here's your last chance to sing it. Raise those hands. My chains are gone. Hallelujah. I've been set free. Thank you, Lord. My God, my s Yours ransom me. And like a flood his mercy raise, unending love, amazing grace. Can you give the Lord a hand of praise? He's worthy of it. [Applause] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. You're happy to be here tonight in the house of the Lord. Why don't you greet somebody? Why don't you move out of your seat? Greet them in the name of the Lord. Move out of your seat. Shake their hand. Just fellowship just for a me, just for a moment. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. [Music] God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time in the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Yes, God is good all the time. Sing a verse. We were walking through the valley. [Music] There are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, for he's promised to never leave you or forsake you. Here's what's true and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Sing that verse. Though you're walking in the valley and there are shadows all around. Here's what he said. Do not fear. Oh, he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, for he promised to never leave you. Oh, yes, he did. Or forsake you and his word is true. God is good. God is good all the time. All the time. He put a song of praise down in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. all the time. Let's sing the second verse now. We were sinners. We were sinners. We were so unworthy. Thank you, Lord. Still for us, he chose to die. And he filled us with his holy spirit. Now I can stand and testify. Oh, that is love is everlasting and his mercy and his mercy that will never they will never end. God is good. Oh, think about what you're singing. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. We put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. all the time. Amen. You can be seated. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. That's right. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love is at the feet. of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Could Jonas play it? [Music] Well, let's sing it now. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. That sounds so good. Sing it from the top. We fall down. Sing that now. Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness, the greatness of his mercy and love is at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Could we sing that again? Worthy, worthy. We cry and we cry. Worthy, worthy, worthy. We cry. Worthy, worthy, worthy. We cry worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's all stand back up to our feet. Amen. Is he worthy tonight? Do you believe that Jesus is worthy? Amen. Of all of our praise. How many believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. No matter what we feel like, and be honest with you, I don't feel very good right now. Just battling a a man cold, but just feeling a little bit under the weather, rung out. But um Jesus is worthy no matter how I feel. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Luther, would you come? Amen. and just make your way. We're just going to take up the tithes and the offerings. Amen. Worthy of it all. If you could have that. Amen. Worthy of it all. Maybe you have something upon your heart. Just an unspoken request you want to lift up to the Lord. Amen. Just told that hand up to the Lord and let him see it. Remember Luther come and take up the tithes and offerings. And also he's unspoken. If anybody forgets to call me up, call them out. Anyway, praise the Lord. I'm so thankful. Want to welcome our visitors this evening. Uh let's just pray. Father, we love you this evening. And Lord, each one here, Father, we come to see you, to present ourselves before you, Father, that we be acceptable in your sight because of what you've done. And we pray that you would just minister to our hearts this evening. Lord, we already feel your presence. We pray that our worship is accepted before you in spirit and in truth. Lord, we just want to draw closer to you. Those that are streaming, Father, we pray for them all that your presence would be with them. Most of all, we pray for our brother coming this evening that you help them to step aside. We are expecting to hear from you, Father. expecting you to minister to our needs spiritual food in due season. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. We thank you for the bounty that you give us. Father, help us to be diligent with it. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Want to sing the song worthy of it all. Is he worthy of it all? Amen. We have brother Caleb preaching. Amen. Thankful for our brother tonight. Uh, I was supposed to be ministering and just uh didn't feel good. Felt uh bad all day. Needed to go home and just uh get some rest. So, I called my uh brother Caleb on pretty short notice. So, uh you pull on the word tonight. Amen. We've already seen the gift of the Lord that God's put in his life. And so, I believe the Lord does all things well. You believe he's got everything in control. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that, brother Aaron, if you could start us out there. Oh, just with that verse. &gt;&gt; You're worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. For you deserve the gloryy. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] &gt;&gt; You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] And all the saints and angels bow me before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God is sing. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing that again. Now let's raise our hands. &gt;&gt; You're worthy of it all. Oh Lord, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, lift it up to him now. Lift it up again. You're worthy. Tell Jesus you're worthy of it all. Oh, [Music] you're worthy of it all. From you are all things. To you are all the things. You deserve the glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand clap. Amen. It sure is good to be in the house of the Lord on a Wednesday, isn't it? &gt;&gt; No place I'd rather be. I'd rather be there than here. But God has has his ways of of calling us, Lord. So, we're thankful for a last minute. He called me this afternoon, but the Lord laid a a burden on my heart. So, I'm just thankful for that. Amen. He's always faithful. God is always faithful. And I'm not going to say anything that would benefit you, but the Lord, he can do that. Amen. You're glad for that. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles to uh 1 Corinthians 15:31. It's just one verse. 1 Corinthians 15 and 31. It's a familiar scripture. And it says, "I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily." &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just commit ourselves to you tonight. Father, we just ask Lord humbly that you would come and just take Lord control the service tonight, Lord. Take every thought, Lord, captive, Father, by the Holy Ghost. And Lord, may you just move on each and every heart tonight. Lord, we want you to be the speaker. Lord, we want you to anoint the the ears of Lord, each one here, Father. May you just provide the bread that we need, the nourishment that we need in our daily walk today, Father. Lord, I just commit this service to you, Lord. Lord, I just commit every thought to you, Lord. I commit, Lord, everything to you now in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you this evening. As you take your seats, um just a little wanted to recap a little bit. We took a subject this last Sunday or last week. We took a subject upon the mountain of God. And Amen. And we were showing how the Lord, you know, wants his people to rise into those higher atmospheres of dwelling. Amen. And you know, we showed some natural examples of the experiences that Moses had with the Lord, you know, when he first came into contact with the angel of the Lord and how the Bible said that it was upon the mountain of God. Amen. And it was in the form of a pillar of fire. And then through much of Moses's ministry, through the through the book of Exodus, much of the time that God would speak to Moses, it was on top of a mountain. Amen. Uh first it was Mount Horeb. And then we see through the progression of his ministry that it was uh on Mount Si and eventually it would get to a place where he was in such close contact to the Lord. The Bible says that he would speak to him as a friend would speak to face to face. Amen. And and we see how the Lord had a plan that he was going to change the whole world. Amen. With just the man and with the message. And you know, I was just looking at a little history uh lesson the other day after I had preached that sermon on the on the kingdoms. And you know, you go back and you start to study the the the rise of powers. You know, Egypt goes all the way back to um Ham there in the Bible, one of Noah's sons. He had four sons, one of which was Misraam, which eventually uh went on to start the nation of Egypt. And then e Egypt rose to be this this nation of great power as we read about in the book of Genesis. And we watch how through the book of Genesis uh Joseph was a great contributor in that. Amen. There in in Genesis when Pharaoh he had that dream of the future, you know, with with with the cows and and he sought out the interpretation for what that dream meant. And it just so happened that at that very time, Joseph sat in a prison in his kingdom. Amen. And he had he had already interpreted a dream for one of the Pharaoh's officials. So, and we know the history there. But you know, I was just reading through Genesis and it said that all people gathered from all over the world at this time. All countries came to Joseph because God had put him in a place where he had stored that grain because of the wisdom of God in Joseph. Amen. There was a wisdom that was placed in Joseph and for a purpose and for a time. And that nation grew to be one of the greatest in the world. um the famine and as we read that we the famine got to be so great that it actually you know affected the entire world. People were uh they were selling part of their land to Joseph you know even in order you go back and read that they would sell like a fifth part of their land just so that they could have food to eat you know and that was actually what brought upon the reconciliation of uh of Jacob and or of Jacob's sons with Joseph. Thanks bro. and was because they had a need for food. They because they were living in a famine. So, Jacob sent them off to go and get food. You know, we're all familiar with the story, but they sent them off and then that was started that started a road to reconciliation. Amen. And you start to go and you read the story of Joseph, it's always been one of my favorites because, you know, from the from the beginning of his life, you know, he he got put in slavery and then he had to work and then he got put in this position and then, you know, then he was put in prison. Amen. And so it was just there was this happening in his life. But then he rose to this place and he had always dreamed about that place, but he finally had rose to that place and it took training. God trained him throughout his life to be able to reach a point where when Jacob got or when the when his brothers got to him, he was able to have a place in his heart to say, "God didn't God didn't mean it for evil. You meant it for evil, but God meant it for good." Amen. And that is the stages of growth in our life. God takes you through things. Sometimes, you know, it can be ordained of God in a situation, but he takes you through seasons of growth and seasons of training. So that when you are able to confront that thing later in life, sometimes it is later in life where you're able to confront that thing and recognize that, well, this was actually the hand of God working. And we, you know, we re realize, we're going to get into this in a minute. We realize that it was actually the hand of God that was working with the Jews and with Nazi. It was, that was actually the divine hand of God doing that. Amen. And so uh you you know this famine it affected the whole world and people were um they were actually selling part of their land to Joseph and we see you know how that was that was all in the hand of God and the nation grew and it would be at the hand of God that the nation grew and it would be at the hand of God that the nation would fall. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And then the prophecy came forth that the people would suffer in bondage for for several hundred years. And and as the scripture shows us, it was it was after the death of Joseph. Then another ruler rose up that knew not Joseph or what he had done for Egypt. Amen. And then slavery began. And then during that time of of slavery, the kingdom of Egypt continued to grow and it continued to develop. Amen. you they were working for a purpose and that purpose was to make the kingdom of Egypt greater. Amen. And then we reach the time of Moses and again another story that I love because you know brother Renom he dramatizes that so beautifully how Jockabed and how um Amra and how they were praying and they were praying for a deliverer and and God answered their prayer in in the form of Moses. Amen. But then we we talked about the stages that that uh Moses had to go go through and had to call Moses out of Egypt. He had to call him out in separation. Amen. And then once he had been thoroughly separated from the rest of the world, God was finally then able to get a hold of his life and fulfill the purpose that he had always intended to fulfill in his life. Amen. And it was there on the backside of the desert that that would happen. And on on Sunday the service, we we brought out how that scripture there in Exodus 3 where it says that Moses turned aside to see what the strange thing was. Amen. So he he turned aside to see that there was this strange happening that it was there was a pillar of fire and and it caught his attention and it tracked it attracted his eyes. Amen. And then, you know, we we we went on and we saw how God had to God gave him specific instructions. Amen. Before he stepped on holy ground, he had to take off his shoes. Amen. He had to be obedient to the word that God gave him. Amen. In order to move from where he was and to from where he had been to where God needed him to be. Amen. There had to be a a calling out from you. You're you were this way for a time, but now I'm calling you to this thing for this time. Amen. I'm calling you to a higher place. We're on the mountain. We're on we're in the place. You you see my you see my presence. You see the pillar of fire. But he called him out and he said, "Take off your shoes, Moses, for this place is holy ground." Amen. &gt;&gt; And he he was obedient, amen, to that in order to fulfill that commission. But what what we what we caught was what we looked at is that it had to be more than just something that captured his attention. Amen. It had to be more than him just looking at it from a distance. It had to be more than just something that that he he he sympathized with. Amen. And the word has to be more than just something that we sympathize with. It has to be something that envelops our life. Amen. And there's a working God only calls you. You don't call God. Amen. So, you know that if there's a working and a desire in your heart, then you know that it's the divine hand of God calling you. Amen. So, if he's calling you to that, then there's something that he wants for you. Amen. There's a divine purpose in that. He's calling you to a higher place. Amen. And and that's what he's doing tonight. He's calling us to a higher place. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's got to be more than just something that that that people sympathize with. I didn't read this quote last time, but it's been burning on my heart. It's probably familiar to most of you, but brother Random says, "Now, many people sympathize. Many people say it's right, but that don't make it what that ain't the thing that you're responsible for." As I've said, what if I was a young man and I was looking for a wife to be married. And here stood a girl that met every qualification. And I thought it took to make a woman. Why? Morally, she was a queen and lovely and a fine personality and a real Christian. everything that I could think of to make me a good wife. No matter how much I say she's perfect and she's exactly right, she isn't mine until I accept her and the responsibility of her being my wife. Amen. And that's the same thing he says that the message is you might say it's right or this or that or the other and say I sympathize with it. I believe it's the truth. But you've got to accept it and it's got to become a part of you and you a part of it. Then it's yours. Amen. Then it's yours. When you marry this certain woman that you have chosen, you are one then. Amen. When you marry her, you're one then. And that's the way you are with Christ. He says, when you see him manifested and made real, then you are a part of him. and he is a part of you and together you're part of the message. Amen. When Moses looked upon that pillar of fire that could have been he his entire experience was just looking upon it. I see that that's different. I see that that's wonderful. I love that. But he had to take off his shoes and he had to walk on the on the presence of that holy ground and and watch the watch the Lord change his life and fulfill the commission. And I believe every one of us has a has a commission and a purpose just like Moses did to to fulfill in our lives. Amen. Whatever that purpose is, I want to fulfill that purpose. Amen. I don't want to sympathize with the word. I don't want to read about it. I don't want to just say I believe it. I want it to become part of me. Amen. You become part of the word and then the word becomes part of you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what I want in my life. Amen. to be the div uh to take part in the divine nature. Amen. When that nature lives and rules in your body, amen. Then it lives and rules through you. Amen. And you begin to express that thing, you begin to express his nature through your actions, through your character. I know we have faults and I know we have mistakes, but the purpose of the word is to continually change us. Amen. To grow us. Amen. To mold us. Amen. The closer you are to the presence of the Lord, the the less you see everything else and the more you can identify with what that is. I identify that that's different. I identify that there's something that I want about that. And I don't want this anymore. I don't want my flesh, man. I don't want what I used to be. I want what that is. I want whatever that presence is. Whatever that It's not just a feeling because it's more than a feeling. Amen. People have feelings all the time. It's more than that. It's a it's a it's an identification with something divine in your life. Amen. It's the power of God that was upon that mountain now living and reigning and ruling in your body. Amen. It's it's him expressing himself, the word through your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You become part of that. And that's what the message is. It's the same message today. You become part of that. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I just oh it was burning on my heart when when I was reading about that, you know, because it was brother Brandham and he took that sword and it was upon the mountain of God that that happened and his commission changed. Amen. Oh, and he brought the word to us. And it was that same pillar of fire. It's the same pillar of fire. If you track it all through the scripture, if you track it through history, it's the same pillar of fire that now lives and rules and reigns in you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The Israelites, and I had made this point, the Israelites, they walked so close to that pillar of fire. They watched how we were just talking about, my wife and I, we how they they watched the supernatural. They watched the Red Sea split open. And I just read the other night, they they watched how it was the cloud or the fire, how how it distracted the Israel or the the Egyptian army when it was trying to cross her. It's they watch this supernatural thing take place. They watch the mana drop day by day. Amen. The coriander seed and and how it was just so it was so incredible. And Moses even would say that it's such fresh mana and such fresh dew that you it'll spoil if you leave it out. You have to eat it that day. Amen. Or otherwise it'll spoil. And there's a point in that because the the word is something like he like Paul said is he was a believer. He was baptized by the Holy Ghost. But he had to come and die daily because there's a fresh mana that takes place in our life every day where we're confronted. And that's the burden of my heart. where we're confronted with things in our life after you're born again of the spirit of God where you're where you're close to that fire and it starts to burn away the areas in your life. It starts to burn away things that they that that hinder you. It starts to show the pride that's been creeping in your mind. It starts to to to it starts to show that these thoughts aren't God's thoughts. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But they would watch how it became common for them. Amen. And when we come into Christ and and you see him manifested and made real in your life, he becomes part of you. Amen. And it's more than it's more than just tapes that you hear that that were 70 years ago. Oh, I love those. But it's more than that because that was the moving of the pillar of fire in that day. Amen. In in our day, but 70 years ago, he's moving today. Amen. In the same way he's moving today. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's that same pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Just some highlights here. U I brought out how the Israelites there in Exodus and it was the ones who stayed close to that fire. Amen. Close to that presence because those that were in that uttermost part of the camp, they were grumbling and they were complaining. Amen. those that were furthest away from that presence, they were they were uh it says that they they were just complaining and they were burned. Amen. The goal and I the point I was making was the goal was stay to stay close to that fire and and you know some comments I wanted to to make along with that you know it's the closer that we are to the presence of the Lord in in the daily tasks of our life in daily everyday activities in your thought process in what we listen in the small things in that it's it's the more that you resemble the word the more you resemble him. Amen. The closer you are to that. And that's why the Bible would say that all things are, you know, all things are lawful, but they're not all expedient. Because an expediency speaks of something that's get you get you further down the road or closer to something. And it's not expedient for you to do a certain thing if it's taking you away from where you need to be. Amen. if there would have been a distraction around when Moses saw that pillar of fire or if there would have been something else taking place and he would have gotten distracted. But no, he had to stay focused and and keep moving into that. Amen. And the same thing in your daily life, in your daily tasks and that's real simple, but you just have to you have to stay in continual fellowship. You know, in in fellowship with with anybody, it's about rel relationship is about fellowship. Amen. You you the closer you get to someone, the more you want to be around them. Amen. the more the more you want to know about them and and the more you understand when you're with my wife and the more you you start to understand them and the more they start to understand you. And it's the same thing with Christ. Amen. The closer you get to the Lord, the more you start to understand the more you start to to to to see how he wants me to be and oh and and I want to just I want to live in that place. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The more the more you stay close to that presence, the more you start to resemble the word &gt;&gt; through through contact. Amen. &gt;&gt; Through through contact. I had brought up I wanted to I got a little bit fast last time, so I wanted to slow some of these points down. I brought up the caterpillar last service and how that when it gets ready to make its transition, amen, into a butterfly, it starts to feed. But in order for it to gain the the proper nutrients for its body change, it's got to feed on the right plant, right? Amen. And its whole life is preparation for this change. From the moment that it's born uh as a caterpillar, it grows. It finds the right atmosphere. It struggles along, and then it finds the right kind of leaf. Usually, they're supposed to be born on the leaf that they need to be. They they're supposed to be born on that, but sometimes they have to struggle along and try to find their way. Amen. And and then they're given the right kind of nutrition and then it keeps eating and eating because eventually it's going to eat its way to a body change. Amen. It just needs the right conditions. It needs the right food and it needs the right atmosphere. Amen. And just uh some a point here. I was I was looking at caterpillars. They grow these things. These discs, these imagininal discs is what they're called. And there parts of its body that they basically they lay dormant until they until they become a caterpillar. Amen. So what it is, it's it's parts of their body, maybe their wings or their feet or their legs or their eyes that they're that they're definitely going to need when they're mature into a butterfly. Amen. And in some types of caterpillars, those discs that that that they won't use until it's mature, they can actually begin to take shape or form. Amen. Catch this. Take shape or form before it changes into a butterfly. Amen. Before the caterpillar takes that change and before it forms a cocoon. Amen. You know, and I wanted to to stop on that because sometimes we we as believers, we we push things off. You know, we're we're going to be we're going to be perfect over there. We're going to be once we have our body changed, once we take the once we go in the rapture. But the Bible says that we are to be partakers of his divine nature now. Amen. I want we're supposed to live close so close to the Lord like Enoch lived. That one day you're just walking with him and you just continue to walk up. Amen. That's the place you want to live. That's the place you want to be. Those discs in your life spiritually speaking, you know, they're going to start to manifest in your life. Amen. The nature of Christ should manifest in your life through your actions, through your reactions, through your daily living, in every avenue, those things should start to grow. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I had read this quote last time, but my it struck me. The bride church will mature and her rightness shall be an identification with her Lord by means of the word. Then as she nears her headstone a little bit further down, becoming like him through the word, &gt;&gt; Jesus will come that the bride and groom may be forever united as one. Amen. Becoming like him through the word. What does that mean? It means that you're eating on the right thing. Amen. It means that you're feeding in the right atmosphere. Amen. It means that you've got the right plan. Amen. It's giving you the right nutrients. Amen. You're feeding on the word. Amen. You're not so distracted with everything around you because there's one sole purpose in your life and it's to meet that change because there's a change coming and you want to be a part of that change. Otherwise, you're going to be crawling around the rest of your life. Amen. Oh, it doesn't even know what it has until it starts to fly. Oh, but I bet when that be when that cat butterfly starts to fly, it doesn't ever wish that it was crawling on the ground again. Amen. And that's I know what it's going to be for us. Oh, amen. Once we hit that change, we're never even going to think about this life anymore. We're not going to think about all the trials. We're not going to think about the mind battles. We're not going to think about the immature things that we that we did or that we said. We're going to be living in that place. Amen. We're going to be flying high. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's those characteristics of Christ manifesting in our daily life. Amen. Amen. We we start to see our lives becoming like him through the word. The prophet says, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. He says this in in souls that are in prison now 1963. He says that's why we are baptized into his name that we might come forth in his name, in his death, in his resurrection, that we rise again, testifying to the world that we have new life and the old man is dead. Amen. that the old man is dead. We buried that first nature. See, the first nature is gone. And now we are the nature of him. Amen. &gt;&gt; He lives in us. And we don't do our own will. We do his will. We don't think our own thoughts. The mind, the mind is what thinks. The mind that was in Christ Jesus is in every believer. See, there is the soul. And that's what we're speaking of. That's the part I'm thinking of now within us, the soul. When we begin to think his thoughts, you you start to just hone in on what needs changed in your life. Amen. The higher you get upon that mountain, the farther away from the rest of the world you get, saints of God, the point of climbing higher in those atmospheres is because as you take one step, Amen. You're still able to view the ground and you're able to view all these things and there may be distractions, but as you continue to progress in your walk, as you continue to progress in your maturity, you get a little bit higher and you don't see these things as much and you don't focus on those things as much. And then you get a little bit higher. And the higher you get, the closer you can get to the Lord. And the further away the distractions become, the further away the the where you used to view these people and and these things and these situations. is now you're a little bit higher. So those things get out of view. Amen. They're not even in view anymore. I don't want those things to even be in view. Amen. I want to be high upon that mountain. Hallelujah. I want that divine nature. I want those divine characteristics of Christ to rule and reign in my life. I know I'm not there yet, but by the grace of God, I believe I'll get there. Amen. And I want to get a little bit furthered right now today. I want to die out to to to myself and to Christ right now so that I can attain just even a little bit a little bit of hair closer to that walk. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Wanted to go through a couple of couple of scriptures here tonight and just notice some of the language that was used here. There in second Peter 1:es 3-4 it says according as his divine power hath given unto us all things &gt;&gt; that pertain unto life and godliness &gt;&gt; through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. He called us to glory and virtue and the work that he started in you he is able to accomplish and finish. Amen. whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Thank you, Lord, for that. Oh, I want to escape the world and the corruption of the world. Amen. I want to be a partaker of that divine nature. Amen. It's it's more than just a passive process. Amen, saints. It's more than you just going to church and and hearing the word and sympathizing with this thing. Amen. It's you taking a hold of that divine nature. Because I want to tell you, if you got a call, if you got a if you got a desire in your heart, it's because God put that desire in your heart. Amen. And you hold on to that rope and you keep going and you keep tugging. And the more you tug, the more the Lord will will will pour out his divine nature into you. Amen. Amen. We're not immediately matured uh seeds. Amen. Sometimes it takes through a process of maturing and growing. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Romans says it like this. Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ. for he says in Galatians 3 it says for ye are all children of God by faith in Christ Jesus for as many of you have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ &gt;&gt; he says in this Colossians 3 put on therefore as the elect of God put on notice the language as the elect of God holy and beloved bowels of mercies and kindness humbleness of mind meekness and longsuffering forbearing one another, forgiving one another, forbearing one another, forgiving one another. &gt;&gt; And if you have any quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. And above all these things, put on charity. Put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts. To that to the which also ye are called in one body, and ye thankful. Amen. uh mercies and kindness. These are the characteristics of the Lord that he wants you to obtain. Amen. By you putting on the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Longsuffering. Amen. Forgiving one another. Hallelujah. Forbearing one another. You know, and he's speaking to believers. &gt;&gt; He's speaking to to put these things on like a garment. You It's an active thing. You you let the nature of the Lord you put on the mind of Christ to let him think the thoughts in you and through you. Amen. You you let him do these things through you. In my nature, I know many times I couldn't come to a situation a and maybe forgive somebody for something. But I know that the Lord can do that in me and through me. Amen. I I know that in my own self I could come and I wouldn't have the meekness that I would need. I wouldn't have the longsuffering that I would need. But I know that through Christ, he makes all things possible. Amen. &gt;&gt; When he does it in your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; I wanted to to speak um just for a moment on this on this m this maturing. Amen. The the the maturing of us becoming more like Christ through the word like brotherham says. And he uses that word he uses that word ripeness. Amen. and ripeness. It speaks of readiness for that seed to come to life. Amen. And and you know because whatever's in whatever's in the seed and for whenever it comes time for it to mature and blossom, amen, there's a time, amen, where in the process of maturing, you know, just in the natural order of of of botany life, death has to to take place. Amen. In order for new life to grow, seeds, they have to lay in the ground. They have to die in order to germinate and to grow. Amen. But as the seed grows and the life of whatever is in that se seed starts to come to maturity, so see just in natural view this morning, you plant a seed and and it dies and and then when it comes time for life, Amen. it starts to to bear roots. Amen. You don't see the roots. You don't see that because it's under the surface, but it bears roots. And then as it starts to come up, amen, you start to see what what was in that seed. Amen. Amen. And and just thinking spiritually this morning and trying to trying to move to something here. Even even seeds that are producing what it was intended to produce, many times as it's coming to its its ripeness or its maturity, you start to get a view of what it's going to look like. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; You start to see that that little bud come out of the ground. If it's a tree, you know, when it's just a small tree, you can start to identify what that tree is. You start to see maybe a little bit of leaf here or maybe maybe it's growing a branch there. You start to see what is the identification of what that was in the ground. Amen. It's already taken root. It's already started to grow. And as it just matures, even just a little bit, you can start to see what it's going to look like. Amen. You you might even begin to see what form it'll take and and and what shape it will have when it's fully grown. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You start to to to visualize the life of that seed coming to its fruition. &gt;&gt; And you know, speaking spiritually, I believe that's what brother Brandham was saying that how it's supposed to be in the life of our of the believer tonight. The seeds been planted in our life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The seed's been planted in our life. We've been watering it with the word. We've been We've been giving it the right nutrition. It's been in the presence of the SO. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And even though we're not in that fully matured state yet. Amen. Even though we haven't undergone our metamorphosis yet, I believe we can start to resemble what the Lord has in view for our future. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe that we're supposed to start to have envision a vision of what we're supposed to look like. Amen. We're supposed to be partakers of that divine nature. Amen. We're we're supposed to maybe maybe grow a little bit here. And and there's a pruning process, you know, in certain kinds of plants. And you know, as you get to a place, you might need to prune it in in order for a certain amount of of sunlight to come in or a certain amount of nutrients to come in. But as you begin to do that, it begins to grow and you begin to see what it is. And that is the life of a believer. Amen. That's what I want for my life. I want to be able to put on Christ and I want to be able to let him uh express himself through my life. Amen. &gt;&gt; To resemble what the Lord has in view for our future. Amen. I want to try to just bring out this point here tonight. Turn maybe turn a little corner. Um my real burden for tonight was that scripture where it said that you because as believers just to expound on that for a moment as believers you we have to realize that there's not just one death you die. There is there is a death you die. Amen. And that's when the baptism of the Holy Ghost takes root in your soul. Amen. But Paul says there's a dying daily. Amen. And the amplified says that I face, he says it like this, that same scripture, I face death every day and I die to self. Amen. &gt;&gt; I face death every day and I die to self. Amen. Because there's a continual burning away of yourself and your desires and your flesh, man. Amen. All the things that this guy messes up, there should be a continual burning away. Amen. Maybe my temper got a little offkilter. There should be a continual burning away of two fingers pointed back at me. Amen. And maybe maybe I did something wrong. Maybe I said something wrong. There should be a continual growth. Amen. Where I die daily. I die every single time I'm confronted with a mistake that I've made. I die every time that I'm confronted with something in my life that isn't lining up with the word. Amen. That is a monumental thing to tonight because sometimes the Lord confronts you with things. Amen. And he's wanting you to face up to that and he wants you to die out to it. Amen. He wants to separate you from it. Amen. He wants you to grow into a higher place. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Pride or like I was saying, immature things. And and you know, we all come into face we we come into contact with it face to face with ourselves every day. Amen. You know, and this is just this is just probably a short shorter sermon tonight, but in just the last like 10 10 12 minutes here, I was going through the life of of some individuals in in history. And Matt had actually he had preached on this guy, I don't know, a couple years ago, and and uh it was speaking about a man by the name of of Dietrich Bonhaofer. I'm sure the name is probably familiar with many people. And he was actually a pastor in Germany during the Nazi reign. Amen. And just some things that I found amazing was that during the first few months of Hitler's ascension into power, Dietrich actually he had went on national radio and he started to publicly stand against the Nazi regime and and he talked about how it was mocking God and and and he said all these things and and stood against the rising enemy. And the broadcast was actually cut off before it it even finished. and and he was he was able to evade certain issues for a while because it was his brother or his brother-in-law. Several of his brothers were in in the Nazi regime at in some form or fashion and I think it was his brother-in-law that was kind of higher ranking in there and he had some rank to him and so he was able to get him into some kind of a position like a staff position working in his office. Amen. safe um safe for a while and and then something took place and he was actually able to escape Germany and something that was so notable to me was that he escaped Germany came to the United States and the moment that he got to the United States he landed and he said I must live through this difficult period in our national history with the people of Germany and I must return to my post by the big ship. Amen. He was away from the enemy. He was away from it. But he had such a burning in his heart to be to stand against what they were doing that he went back and and it was almost immediately I think that that he was captured just some of the timeline and not sure about but he was sent to this extermination camp and and this is actually where this sermon came from tonight. A well-known doctor was in the camp with him at the time. Amen. and and he began to watch him. And this was I mean they were only a month I think it was a month from getting uh from them uh from Germany losing and and and and giving up. Amen. And he was in this extermination camp and his day came to be taken to the gallows and to be hang. And this well-known doctor that was in the same camp with him, he watched as Dietrich came to some of his last moments in life. And he said, this was the testimony of the doctor watching Dietrich in his last final moments. He said, "Through the halfway open door in one room of the huts, I saw Pastor Bonhoffer before taking off his prison garb kneeling on the floor fervently praying to his God. I was so deeply moved by the way this lovable man prayed, so devout and so certain that the Lord heard his prayer. At the place of execution, he again said a prayer and then climbed the steps to the gallows. Brave and composed, his death ensued in a few seconds. And he said this, catch this now. He said, "In the almost 50 years of being a doctor, I've hardly ever seen a man die so entirely submissive to the will of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the 50 years of watching people die, I've never seen someone die so entirely submissive to the will of God. My heart got so inspired in that because when it comes time for my end to draw nigh, I hope that can be my testimony. Amen. I want to have a testimony like that man's where I could come to a place where I've been so entirely submissive to the will of God. Amen. But even further than that this evening, because this is really where my burden is, is that we're supposed to come to that juncture every day of our lives. We're supposed to come to that place where we're up on the gallows and the one that's going to hang us is our self because it's this flesh man that fights me. Amen. But I want to be so entirely submissive to the will of God to be able to say, "Lord, forgive me. Lord, help me to grow in these areas that I need growing. Help me to be a div partaker of your divine nature." Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God is He's bringing his sons and his daughters. He's bringing you tonight into the maturity that you need. Amen. He's ripening the seed. He's providing the sun. He's giving you the water. &gt;&gt; Are you going to have the attitude like Pastor Bonhaer had? Amen. There is going to come a time in your natural life where we're going to die. Maybe it will be means of the grave. I hope not. I hope it'll be means of the rapture. Amen. But right now, today, can you say with your whole heart that I've come entirely submissive to the will of God for my life? &gt;&gt; Can you honestly say that this this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Most often times it's our own flesh. It's our own failures. Amen. I want to come with such dedication and such reverence, you know, and I thought that was amazing because he was a miles and miles from the enemy, &gt;&gt; but he went back and he stood there and he was one of the ones that died. There were so many men that that that ended up surviving and there were so many that died and he was one of those. Amen. And just tonight, amen. I want to be able to face the battle the enemy the the enemy is fighting in your mind. That's the place, the battleground. Amen. But I want to be able to face the battle with the word. And when you go and you go to battle, you've got to come with the right amount of with the right amount of of tools, the right tools in your toolbox. You got to come with the right weapon. You've got to fight with the sword. You've got to yield it in your life. You got to recognize, listen saints, you got to recognize that most oftent times the thing that that sword is going to yield to is things in your own life. It's going to be you pruning things off of yourself. You're going to be growing and growing and you're going to realize and recognize that an area needs to grow out. So, you need to prune that thing off in order for the sun to shine on that area. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. every fault in my life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Even in in those small areas, how do we respond? I had said that Sunday. How do how you respond to the word? Two places. As brother Bham says in just some closing thoughts, he says, "It's the little things that you leave undone, &gt;&gt; not the big things that you're trying to do." Oh my. In another place, he says, "Do you understand that it's the little things that you pass over and omit that mean so much to God?" &gt;&gt; Can you can the church conceive that this morning in our achievement, in our organizations, in our great buildings, masterpieces? We're omitting the little things that mean so much to God and so much to our eternal destination. We omit those things. Bible says, "Despise not the day of of of of small things." Amen. That was the the burning on my heart. When confronted with those things of pride, Amen. When confronted with those things of immaturity, when confronted with these things, will you use it as an opportunity of growth? Amen. Will you use it as a time where you say, "Lord, I humble myself in your presence." Amen. Will you will you be so entirely to the to this uh entirely submissive to the will of God? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a death, he says, that takes place every day when we recognize that God is trying to mature us in the word. Amen. those I had made this point. It pruning enhances I just just did a little search on this. It enhances the plant's ability to obtain light and air. It enhances growth and that has to happen in order for that thing to come to its full maturity and express what was always in that seed. Amen. &gt;&gt; I just want I just want the Lord to do that in my life. Are you with me? stand with me tonight or this little simple thought tonight. But that's what I want the Lord to do in my life. Amen. I want to be when we're confronted with even the small things. Amen. That so often times we omit and so often things we look over. When we're confronted with that area that we're able to grow into a a higher place of the Lord. Amen. so entirely submissive. He came up to those gallows. Just close your eyes with me just for a moment. And you know, he came up to to those gallows and you know, and it's in those times that a lot of times it's in it's in those moments where people just express what's really in them. and and he started to express just the the nature I would say that that would that was the divine nature of the Lord. I was reading this story I don't know if I have it here. Let's see if I have it here. I was reading this story of of some of the martyrs there and uh one of them was named Perpeta and she was this young Christian noble woman woman. The authorities, it was around the year 200. The authorities, they were demanding that everyone show their loyalty by offering a sacrifice to the divine spirit of the Roman Empire. And devout Christians refused to do this. Jesus was their only Lord. Though she had recently given birth, Perpeta refused to sacrifice and she was arrested. Her father visited her in prison and begged her to recant. Didn't she realize that Christians were being hauled off to the city? he said to into the arena to face these wild animals or gladiators in front of bloodthirsty mobs. Wouldn't she consider her little baby or her aging papa or and save herself? She said, "I I can't." She says, she says, "Look at this vase," she told him, "or picture. Can it be called by any other name than what it is?" "No," he responded. then I can't say that I'm anything else other than what I am in a as a Christian and despite the pleas of her father and her brother she stood trial before the governor refused to perform the sacrifice and when asked point blank are you a Christian he she said I am she finton she was sentenced to face the beasts amen and it says that she was still accounts show that she was still in high spirits she understood that this was her calling willing to die for Christ. Her own diary, imprisonment, trial and preparation for martyrdom was widely distributed among the early Christians, inspiring many. Amen. One uh writer actually said that she stood strong to the end, even guiding the sword of a trembling gladiator to her throat. And I know that this is a different time. Amen. But I know that how the Lord just laid this upon my heart is is sometimes we're faced we're faced to to look at that pillar of fire. We're faced to to to a certain thing. Sometimes it's our self. I just want to come to whatever it is the Lord wants me to come to entirely submissive to his will. If that's your heart's desire this morning, just or this evening, just raise your hand up to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Just want to die out to ourselves. There was a they had to physically die. We have to spiritually die in the age we're living in. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in our hearts. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you for this day and for the service, Lord. Father, we love you, Lord Jesus. And we just commit every everything into your hands, Lord. We want to be partakers of your divine nature tonight, Lord. Lord, we want just those things to to come to to fruition in our in our lives, Lord God. We want to become more like you, Lord Jesus. I have a great desire to become less like me, Lord Jesus. I don't want any more of my thoughts. I want your thoughts, Lord. I don't want any more of of of Caleb. I want more of Jesus, Lord, just living and reigning and ruling in my life, Lord. I believe that's the desire of of many tonight, Lord Jesus. Father, may may you just see every heart, Lord God. See, Lord, you you only you know the heart, Lord God. Only knew you know how they can respond to it, Lord Jesus. But may you just see their hearts, Father. Lord, help each one tonight. Father, we love you. We just commit this whole service to you now, Lord. In the lovely name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Whatever you're singing, bro, is good. My heart, oh God, [Music] &gt;&gt; make it ever true. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. &gt;&gt; May I be like you. You are the potter for You are the potter. [Music] I am the clay. [Music] Mold me and make me. This is what This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Why don't you raise your hands and sing that like a prayer? Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is that your desire? Lord, change my heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Caleb, for that. Do you appreciate the word of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Why don't we give the Lord a hand clap of prayer? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord's friends. I truly hope it means something to you. I know it does to me. Amen. I was just appreciating what brother Caleb said. Amen. Especially there at the end. You know, I just wrote down in my own notes. Am I willing to die? &gt;&gt; You know, that's a good question you could ask yourself because brother Brandham asked that question. If you really believe something, you're willing to lay your life down for what you believe. Now, it's amazing because and just just do inventory here for a second, friends. And honestly, sometimes we won't even come to church if it inconveniences us. But will we lay our life down for what we believe? Think about that just for a second. We we we're too tired. We got sniffles. Got a headache. I'll be honest. I'm I'll put myself right here with you. Sometimes I ask myself, am do I really have conviction or am I just sympathizing with something that I say that I believe? Can we be honest tonight? Amen. Because true conviction means you'd be willing to lay your life and give your life for what you believe. Let alone surrender your life to the Lord Jesus and let him take every single part of it. Amen. Dedric Bonhifer was willing to give his life. Brother Caleb. Amen. That's how much it meant to him. He brother Brandham talked about Christopher Columbus and he said he had a, you know, a church full of cowards and men who wanted to turn around and turn back and were threatening mutiny going to overthrow him and threatened his life, threatened to kill him. And they said, and I forget how that how it says it in history, but they said, 'What say you, thou sailor? You know what what what you say? And Christopher Columbus said, "Salom. Salom. Salom. Salomon." Brother Brandham said, "That's what we need tonight as men that in spite of the unbelief, in spite of the the circumstances," he said, "If the church ever needed to get past the barrier of their own unbelief, I say it's right now." Now I say, "Lord, let me get past the barrier of my own unbelief." If you don't believe it, don't raise your hand. But if that's what you believe, then raise your hand. Say, "God, let me get past the barrier of my own unbelief. Whatever's in my way, Lord, don't let nothing stand in my way of a true self crucifixion." Like Paul said, "That I may know him. For I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live." Amen. God bless you. uh gather with me if you could. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Caleb. That was so wonderful. Amen. I wrote just a whole page of notes. Amen. As he drew closer to that fire. Amen. Speaking of Moses, that fire was sent for a purpose. It was refining him. Amen. It was refining those parts of him that didn't match. Come on, friends. Please gather. Don't make me beg you. Please get out of your seat and come forward. We don't do we don't we we do this in a special way. Don't stay in your seat. Come forward. Amen. It's important. Amen. We all get get up here real close together. Amen. But you know, brother Brandham said something, Caleb. He said Moses, he said in that burning bush, what he realized was that it was something that he could speak to and it could speak back to him. And brother Brandham said, "That's the kind of experience." And I say, "Lord, that's the kind of experience I want is something that I don't just speak to, but it speaks back to me." And brother Brandham said in another place he said everything Moses lacked was in that burning bush. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let me say friends whatever you lack tonight it's in the word already. All you got to do is get it get an experience. Amen. With that burning bush. Amen. To where our nature dies out. The characteristics as brother Caleb uh ministered. You know brother Vadim called it a honing time. As that headstone nears the body. Amen. And he said as that headstone nears the body, it it would begin to get so close, he said, to where it would just be a razor's edge. It was the only thing you can fit in there. And that's that's God refining our life. That refining fire, cutting off anything that that doesn't please him. And I believe the Holy Spirit is that personal in our lives that he won't allow anything, not even a speck. God won't just wink at that and let it go, but he'll keep convicting you. He'll keep anointing a man's heart to preach the word of God and keep honing you down. And I say, Lord, don't give up on me. Amen. Don't give up on me. Keep working on me, Lord Jesus. Amen. I appreciate that so much. I'm going to read the request. Amen. Here tonight, I just like brother my dad always says and brother Donnie says, "Two things that make you want to preach. A man who can't preach and a man who can." And brother Caleb certainly can. I read something Brother Brandham said as I was just uh so excited to hear the word of God. Brother Brandham says this in Patmas's vision. I think this is so good. He said, "Have you?" He He's talking about getting healing. And he says, "If you needed healing," he says, "what would you do?" He says, "Well, what does the word say to do?" We've read it countless times, but we didn't get in the spirit when we were reading it. Did we ask God for his spirit to teach us the real truth? He's talking about being healed. If we did, we'd call the elders, confess our sins, be anointed and prayed for, and that would be that. It might not come immediately, but in his spirit, it is all over. There's no other court of appeal. God will fulfill his word. Oh, we need to get in the spirit and then things will be done. Listen how he says this. Don't go through the acts first. get in the spirit and then go through the acts and watch what God will do. Have you ever noticed how the world gets in the spirit of things that are in the world? You know, you you ever noticed that? &gt;&gt; Have you ever noticed they go to their ball games, their sporting events, their dances, they enter into the spirit of it. They don't sit there like a wallflower all dried up and sticks. They enter right into the fill of things and become a part of things. But oh, how they hate the Christians for getting into the spirit of God's word. They call us fanatics, holy rollers. There's nothing they won't do to show their hatred. And he says, "But ignore that. You can expect it knowing where it's coming from. Just go on and get in the spirit of worship." &gt;&gt; Our spirit is clean. Are you glad your spirit's clean? It is fresh. It is real. Listen. He says it's sober and serious. It's sober and serious. So our spirit when we pull on the word of God, when a minister is preaching the word of God, when worship's going forth, we ought to be sober. We ought to be serious. And some of you go, "Yeah, I got that part down. We'll keep going." But nonetheless, full of the joy of the Lord. The Christian ought to be just as exuberant and full of pleasure in his Lord as the world when it savors its delights in pleasure. Both Christians and the world are human. Both have emotions. The difference is the Christians heart and emotions are purely on the Lord of glory, his love, while the world satisfies the flesh. I want to say, Lord, let me not just be serious and sober. Let me obey a prophet and have the emotion enough to enjoy my religion. How many want to say that today? Say, Lord, let me have be so full of the joy of the Lord. Church ain't a dead thing. I don't sit there like a bump on a pickle. Amen. When the preaching of the word is going forth, I pull on the word of God. Amen. You do something, watch what happens. What the Lord will do for you when you break out of your comfort zone. Amen. And really enter into the spirit of worship. Amen. Well, that was part two, brother Caleb. I apologize, but Amen. and just was burning on my heart. Brother Brad Y writes a prayer request. Says, "I desire your prayers. I leave Friday morning for Nicaragua." Brother Brad, is this tonight? So, you leave this Friday morning. My goodness. Why don't you come up here, brother? We're going to have the ministry team lay hands on you before you go. Uh, Sister Sarah going also or just you? Just you. Oh, we'll really be praying for you, brother. Amen. I leave Friday morning for Nicaragua. They have me ministering every day that I am there. My goodness. I'll be there seven days, including the youth camp that will start on Monday. Amen. We were me and Brother JD were there. We know what that's like. They'll preach you and keep preaching you. Amen. And Sister Debbie also my mom uh needing prayer. Is that right? Uh who's been sick for the last couple of days. Amen. And so we know that. Amen. There's that's all that I have here just for brother Brad and also Sister Debbie. Amen. Maybe you have something upon your heart. You just want to raise a hand to the Lord. Why don't you come, brother Caleb, and take these needs. Why don't you hold that hand up? In fact, put that hand over on your brother. Amen. Your sister. Let's just join. Amen. Arm and arm. Amen. All the requests. I'm sure that there are many, amen, that we named here tonight. And also just even the inspiration of the sermon. That's just what your request would be to say, Lord, let me die out to myself daily. Amen. Until Jesus is seen in me. Let's just bow our hearts this evening. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we just come to your throne this evening, Lord. Father, we just know that you are a God that can do anything, Lord Jesus. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? Father, you created heavens and earth, Lord. And yet, you still care about us, Lord. You still care about the intricate details of our life, Lord Jesus. And Father, we just have many requests tonight, Lord. I pray for my brother Brad. I pray there would be a Lord just a surge Lord God of the Holy Ghost just flow through him Lord. Give him strength through this time Lord. Lord may he be inspired Father God. Lord may there may lives be changed Lord Jesus. May that may that fire just burn through him Lord Jesus. I pray father be with sister Sarah as he as he departs as well. Father and Lord for sister Debbie and this request Lord Jesus. We just commit it to you now father. Lord, and Lord, my wife at home sick with Lord, our little one. Lord, may you just, Father, even right now, go and just send a surge of your spirit through them, Lord Jesus. And Father, I have a Lord, just this coworker, Lord, just dealing with this situation, Lord, at work, Father God, his son, and this divorce and all the different terrible things that are going on. Lord, I just pray for that, Lord. even right now he's on his way Lord to try to talk to his grandson Lord about these horrible things that he's trying to do Father I just pray that Lord you could be divinely Lord right there with him Lord God that Lord that there would just be a supernatural uh moving in his life and help him Lord God and Father I pray for this church you saw every hand Lord maybe there wasn't a hand that went up Lord but in their hearts they they desire more of you they desire to die out to themselves a little bit more Lord Jesus you see that desire desire. Lord God, meet that need. We pray, Lord. We love you. We just commit every everything to you now, Lord God. We love you now. We lay these things at your feet, Lord, knowing, Lord God, that you are able. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come on, brother Brad. Why don't you come on up here and let the ministry team come? Amen. As a church also, we're just going to have special prayer. Amen. For our brother going in the foreign fields like that. Amen. and and I'm sure we'll sleep on a bed that ain't his and ain't comfortable, but Amen. Just pray the Lord uses the gift in his life. [Music] the way [Music] we curse the enemy. Lord, may your administrative teach [Music] the word of God, Father. [Music] with the fire in his heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We have a testimony. Any testimonies here tonight? I'll give just a minute for that. If not, we'll let sing a song and we'll be dismissed. But I'll give just a minute for anybody who wants to share. Amen. Anything. Sister Nita. Um I think it was yesterday morning. Ken and I were driving um the truck towards our new spot in Point South and we had chairs and I don't think I strapped them very well. Um and the next thing I know he's like, "Babe, the chairs have literally flown out of the back of the truck by the air station on 21 and a semi like swerved. Cars were it was terrible. Nobody got in an accident. Nobody got hurt. And the chairs could have went through someone's windshield. And it just was just very thankful. We actually chairs weren't even broke and they're wood. So the Lord was mindful. And we just want to thank him for always watching out for us. &gt;&gt; I have I have one, Matt. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, so I had got a new motorcycle again, which is kind of a testimony in itself, I guess. I traded the one I had to for this one and a little bit of money, but it needed some work. So, I got it fixed up and then, uh, story of my life, I guess. But, um, man, this week started out rough. like Sunday, like everything just went wrong. And a washer broke and a dryer broke and my phone broke because I fell off my motorcycle as I'm going down the road. And then Monday came along. I was like, "Oh, it can't be that bad." And then Monday hit hard. And I was like, "Lord, what in the world is going on? This is like this is rough." And I actually text my Jason. I was like, "Pray for me. I don't know the devil's mad or something because he's hitting us from all sides." And so today I got up and um I went to go license the motorcycle so I could legally drive it on the road. And I had tried to do some some research to see how much money it take cuz we have to pay an advorarium tax um which is a percentage of the the cost of the vehicle. And I put it in the system and it said nothing. It's like just look up the the NADA value and you can punch that in. So, it was somewhere between like $170 and $250. So, I get to the to the tag office and since I started working at the bank, everybody there knows me because they bank with us. So, I walked in, they're like, "Oh, hey, Aaron. How's it going?" I was like, "Hey." So, I need to put this title in my name. And so, the lady looked it up and she's like, "Well, there's no um there's no value in here for it." Usually, they would go over to the tax assessor and the tax assessor would tell them. She's like, "How much you pay for it?" I I said, "Well, I gave him $150 for it." She's like, "Okay." She put it in. $80 bucks. Tax, title, everything. All out the door, the taxes, everything was only $80. Like, thank you, Lord. I needed this little wind today for sure. &gt;&gt; Give the Lord a hand. Amen. Anybody else? Amen. So, um, we were in Idaho this last time and when we moved here, I had like a pretty big falling out with my little sister and it's been so sad, like heartbreaking. But this time, Ashley encouraged me. She said, "Just text her like, "Want to go to lunch?" And she couldn't, but I ended up, me and my mom ended up going to her house and we were there for hours and we like laughed our heads off and it was like God restored that relationship and I was so happy about it. Thank the Lord. Amen. God can do that. Amen. I I'll testify. Thank God I'm here tonight. I didn't think I would be. Amen. The Lord wanted me to and so he touched me. Amen. Was able to come. Brother Steve said, "If I really had a man cold, I would have even came to church tonight." So, must not be a true man cold. Amen. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. Amen. Before we go, Amen. Go in the fear of the Lord. We'll see you this weekend. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross. Oh, every day. Oh, don't be ashamed. Oh, to say that you know him. Oh, count the cost. Take up your cross and follow him. [Music] Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. [Music] Take up your cross every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count the cost and take up your cross. Follow him. Oh, take up your cross. [Music] Let's get some good practice. Take up your cross. Hold on. [Music] Follow Jesus. [Music] Don't be ashamed to say cross and follow me. Take up your cross.
