################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-02-09 - 250209 - Jason Watkins Abiding In Christ Pt. 8 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-02-09
Title:   250209 - Jason Watkins: Abiding In Christ Pt. 8
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZW2yBSlarqs
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Abiding In Christ Pt. 8" on February 9th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
my Jesus. Someday I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Goodbye world, I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus [Music] someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. Made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. sing. Um, I can't walk without Jesus. [Music] Well, I won't walk without Jesus. Won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as before. I won't go without Jesus. just ain't so without Jesus. Cuz everything that I would do, I just won't do without the Lord. I won't go without Jesus just in without Jesus never without the Lord. Without Jesus just ain't so without Jesus cuz everything that I would do I just won't do without the Lord. I won't walk without Jesus. I won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as [Applause] before. I won't go without Jesus. Just ain't so. Without Jesus, everything that I would do just won't do. Without the Lord, I won't walk. Without Jesus, Brother Luther would come. Let's keep singing that. Without Jesus, I refuse to live one day as before. I won't go without Jesus. just ain't so without [Music] Jesus. Lord, I don't know this song, so we'll stop it there. Praise the Lord. I have a request for Wayne Mosley this morning. He has a lump on a thyroid gland, and from my uh testimony that he believes in prayer. So, we're going to pray for him that God will just take this away. How he does it, we just don't understand. Sometimes we don't know, but we just believe. You have a request upon your heart this morning. You are just this morning just feeling for my loved ones, my children, my grandkids. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the opportunity to gather together in the name of Jesus Christ, to worship you in spirit and in truth. Present ourselves before you, Father. That you would cultivate our ground, Lord. That you would help us, Lord, to allow you to change those things in our lives, Lord, that are not like you. We pray for Brother Wayne Mosley. Father Lord, this is just a child of God coming in faith this morning. I come with this group of believers, Father, raising this up before you. And Lord, against this lump in his thyroid, Father, I lift up the name of Jesus Christ. You are our healer, Father. You are our victor and our banner. And that's where we look this evening, Lord. the requests upon our hearts for our loved ones and for whatever burdens that we have. Father, Lord, we present them to you in the name of Jesus Christ, just accepting and believing that you will work upon each request. Father, we love you this morning. We praise you. Bless those that are streaming. Open up the word of life to us. Lord, I pray that you would bless the tithes and offerings. Bless the cheerful giver. Father, we pray in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands, bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Applause] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Music] now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Now I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. Lord, I need you, Lord, right now. Sing that again as brother. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees. I worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Y'all can be seated. [Music] Come on. [Music] The daylight breaks morning. [Music] You are, you are so good to me. When evening comes, the day is through. You are You are so good to me. [Music] Your love is why promise true. You are You are so good to me. Your heart is kind and all you do. You are You are so good to me. How perfect are your ways. I will your praise forever. I will sing your praise. You are You are so good to me. [Music] When blessings come, life brings pain. You are, you are so good to me. When shadows fall, seasons change. You are, you are so good and how perfect. All your ways. Hallelujah. Here is your grace forever. I see the gra. You are You are so good. [Music] on heaven. Call my name. You are You are so good to me. Thousand tall of angels sing. You are You are so much to me and how [Music] perfect. All your ways how it is your grace. Forever I sing your praise. You are You are so good to me. You are You are so good to me. You are You are so good to me. [Applause] Man, that was appreciated that song, didn't you? Yeah. Let's um let's uh let's sing um I'd rather have Jesus. [Music] Um than silver or gold. [Music] I'd rather rather be his than have riches [Music] untold. I'd rather have Jesus than housees or lands. I'd rather be laid by his name than to be the king of a vest doain. and be held in sin dread [Applause] sway. I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] anything this world affords today. [Music] Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of a vast doain and be held in sins dread sway. [Applause] way. I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] anything this world [Music] affords today. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than housees or lands. I'd rather be led by his nail pierce hands than to be a king of a vast domain and be held in sins dread sway. [Applause] way. I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] anything this world for today. Amen. Um we'd stand. going to change the order of the service here and um let's sing [Music] uh shout to the lord um k my Jesus my savior lord there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My [Music] comfort, my shelter. Power of reuge and strength. Let every [Laughter] breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in [Music] you. Oh my [Music] Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Sing that chorus one more time. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. [Music] [Applause] Mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your wonderful name. I sing for joy at the word. Oh yes, what a [Music] work forever. Nothing compares. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Do you believe that? Give the Lord a hand this morning. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. God say, "God bless you." Happy to have you in the house of the Lord today. [Music] Amen. Wonderful, beautiful faces of God's family. Amen. Praise the Lord. You love him. Amen. Praise God. Happy to have Sister Wanda's mom with us today. Did they make you sing? They should have. Amen. Praise the Lord. Happy to have her here today and all of you. Amen. God bless. We're going to invite you to Matthew. Thanks, sir. Matthew chapter 4. Amen. Want to just keep remembering um our brothers deployed today. Brother Matt is ministering there in uh New Zealand. Trav and Deb are with him and sister Rachel and Miles. Amen. Miles is becoming a jet setter already. Amen. Brother JD is um I think still there. When does he come home? Um girls tomorrow. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, uh, him and brother Alex, I've been looking at the keeping up with the u the pictures they've been posting and my goodness, he went to brother Enoch's pyramid. Amen. I was felt myself jealous. I've been feeling jealous for a long time. Ever since Mo went there when he was you in the army? Hey, Mo. Yeah. And so, um, he he was there with an amazing revelation to those Egyptians. Y'all didn't build this. Y'all discovered it. My kinfolk built this. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. We're going to look right into Matthew chapter 3 this morning. And we're taking the eighth installment of our little series, Abiding in Christ. Matthew chapter 3. And then from here, um, Joshua will be going to Romans 8, but Matthew 3 5-7. This is John's baptism, of course. then went out to him Jerusalem and all Judea and all the region roundabout Jordan and were baptized of him um in the Jordan confessing their sins. But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, "Oh generation of vipers, it's an interesting way to put it. Who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?" We're going to talk about a generation of vipers just in a moment. Romans chapter 8, we're going to get verses 28- 29. is all super familiar reading to us. Romans 28, Romans 8, 28, and [Music] 29. And we know, do we know it? That's very weak. All things work together for the good of them that love God. Do we know it? Amen. All things work together. Doesn't say all things will be good, right? just that if you are patient and you trust the Lord and you wait it out, God will force all things to work together for your good. Amen. And we know that all things work together. Paul says that just almost colloquially, almost like this is a given among the saints. Hey, here's something we all know. And and Paul had been through quite a bit. Yes. Amen. Quite a lot of suffering. Far more than any of us. Lot of suffering. A lot of rejection. And he says, "Hey, here's what we've learned, y'all. Y'all y'all feel me? We've learned that all things work together for us." Amen. They work for our good. Don't worry. God will make it work for our good. All right? And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. Now, if you're outside of the covenant of Christ, then you have no you're not entitled to any of these promises. To them who are called according to his purpose, for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. So, this thing has an endgame. You're not just pre being the fact that you're predestinated in Christ is not just uh ear candy. There's a purpose behind it. Amen. He's moving to something. You're you're you're on a trail that's leading you somewhere. Stay on it. Stay on it. It'll get you home. All right. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. That's not always comfortable, but that's what's up. That he might be. Now, catch this language. I said it. We're going to talk about a generation of vipers. And I want you to catch these words here. That he Jesus might be the firstborn among many brethren. Amen. All right. We're not talking about it's not sons, daughters, it's brethren. All right. Universal term for his whole family. We'll talk about it a little more enlarge on it as we go. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word and the inspiration that we feel. I commit myself into your hands, Lord, for perfect leadership in your word. We're here to receive your word. It is the only thing that can help us. It's what you sent to help us. It's amazing. Amazingly, Lord, almost in a in a in an ironic twist, it's the only we're we're we're reduced down to the only thing that can help us. You put us in this dark, twisted, broken world, and you only gave us one weapon. However, it happens to be the best weapon. So, we're going to use it today. We're going to absorb it. We're going to uh believe it. We're going to assimilate it. and we're going to trust and look to the Holy Spirit to cause it to function and work in our lives. Now, you'll for sure have to be the one to do that. That's the part we can't do. Our part is to say amen to every word. You'll have to be the one to bring it to pass, Lord. So, at the end of the day, we're still relying on you, Lord. I'm so glad it's that. I'm so glad I'm not relying on me. I'm so glad I'm not relying on the arm of flesh. I'm relying on you, Lord. You have pulled this off since the dawn of time. You've never failed. You've never lost one of yours. You really can't. And you and and all things work together for your purpose. So, we are just rejoicing in you today, Lord. The devil ain't nobody, Lord. He has no decision-making power. He's not at the table. He's not in the conversation. Makes no decisions regarding my life. All my life and times are in your hands. He's just an adversary. And I'm here to I'm here to stand beside my big brother and fight him to the finish. Lord, I'm here with you to see him defeated. So may it be so today, Lord. We commit ourselves into your hands to believe every word in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Boy, are we going to uh have some mind benders today. Amen. I want you to listen intently. Try your best not to be distracted because we're we're I sometimes and not they say sometimes papo how about all the time. So sometimes when I'm around my grandkids and and they and I am in the middle of saying something and I get distracted or somebody cuts me off or interrupts me and I come back to it and I say, "What profound thing was Pebble saying?" Pebble, everything you say is profound. So amen. So I hope y'all love me as much today as my grandchildren do. It's going to be difficult because they love me quite a bit. A man would stop the world to help me. Amen. So, um, but we're looking into the word of God today and I want to have your undivided attention. Don't worry, the Super Bowl is hours away. Many hours. People won't even start tailgating for many hours. So, breathe. Calm down. You'll be all right. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's trying to relax you. Amen. Relax myself. Amen. A merry heart doeth good like a medicine. You believe that? Yes. Amen. So we are I was astonished when I when I was reading Matthew 3 the other morning early. And I've got a lot more to say about it than what I'm going to say today. I'm actually was going to read all the way through verses. all the way through verse 12. But I decided to be a little more concise today and stop it at verse 7 because here's where I want to concentrate today. And I want to focus your attention on a on the on the term that John uses to to refer to. He's labeling these Pharisees and Sadducees. Becomes very obvious that they're coming without sincerity. Did you know people would do that? They would come to Christ but not sincerely. See, they would come and and they would they would they would actually I know this is going to shock you, but people can can actually have a form of godliness and yet deny the power. Yeah. Deny, brother Bram said, deny the living realities. In other words, deny God the power to change your life. Come on. People will actually do that. It's astonishing. It's astonishing to us because we don't do that. We can't hardly get our mind wrapped around somebody that would do that. Amen. That that God is not obligated to you at all. And he he only needs to ever even reveal himself to you. Even something as simple as nature. And and that's the only thing he ever even needs to do to be a just judge. Amen. And yet he will actually, as David said, I look at all the heavens and the stars and I think about, man, I'm just a worm. How are you mindful of me? Are you kidding? And that this great God would come down and reveal himself to you and wake you up this morning and bring you to the house of God and give you his revealed word and and and you're going to you're going to, you know, you're going to decide, okay, I'll I'll get back to you, Lord. I'll let you know whether I'll apply this in my life or not. Wow. Come on. Say that backwards. It leaves it takes my breath away. Yeah. when when I see that happening. But yet the Bible was not caught off guard. Prophecy is never caught off guard and prophecy clearly talked about that the whole world would go into darkness and there would be a gross darkness on the people. there would be a a a light to shine and that would just be to uh certain people who were ordained to see it and would see it and would allow the light that comes to operate through them. Now it's interesting because our series has been showing if it has shown anything at all. It has shown that that the fact that you are a believer of the word is and that you have met Christ of Calvary and that you have been born again of the spirit of God and that you brought your heavy laden, weary self to him and he gave you rest. We found out that was not the endgame. That was the beginning. That now he goes on and he begins to go to a deeper level because he's going to talk about a deeper rest. Abide in me and I in you. Yeah. And we've been laboring on that a lot. So, we're finding out today that it's insufficient. And I feel sorry for you if you're if you arrived here and leave here today as just a believer that what God did in this day and you're not willing to surrender and and live in those spheres with God so that he can work through you unfettered. Unfettered. Amen. Say, what's in his way? you me. So that's why the Apostle Paul would say, "Let this mind be in you." He would say that to believers. Yeah. He's saying that to people who are converted. Why would he need to say that? God's not redundant. He doesn't say things without purpose. And he would say to people who are already born again of the spirit, you need to let the mind of Christ that was in Christ be in you. Well, describe that. Well, here's what he did. He who was equal to God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Laid aside all of that and humbled himself and became a a a man to take on the sin of the world. And he's asking his family, yes, you are this. You have a station. You are in the mind of God, but I need you to be the expositors of my word. I need you to be the vessels that carry this light into the world. Amen. Let the mind which was in Christ Jesus be in you and other places we could go to this morning. I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to call it getting in the weeds. I don't want to get sidetracked. So, we're coming here to to realize that there is a a kingdom of saints. And I'm going to say that a number of times because that's really the crux of what's on my heart today. that there are that there is a kingdom of saints the establishment of which has been going on well prior to Genesis 1:1. Amen. It's been an evolution. It's been true evolution, not Darwinian evolution. The the reason they conclude that is because they look at God's evolution through a scientific reasoning and they come up with Darwinian evolution. It it doesn't check all the boxes which shows that it's wrong. See, but there is a true evolution. All right, we're going to look at that. And so I want you to observe that there's a great contrast between a a a kingdom of saints and a generation of vipers. It's interesting, and this is what stood out to me first when I first started looking at Matthew 3. I thought, my we realize that that sin and hypocrisy and rebellion against God's word were not new, but they had reached a point now. It had reached, can I say it like this? It had reached generational levels because now we're 4,000 years post Genesis. Yes. Amen. Post the fall, I should rather say. And now John is coming to them and he's saying, "You're not you're not just vipers. You're actually part of a generation." Yeah. Of vipers. You You had an origin of vipers. Jesus picks that up when they when they're And Jesus rarely ever, you know, went about it this way. Jesus didn't walk around telling people that they were of their father the devil unless they challenged him because they were trying to accuse him of that and he just simply says you know I'm here I do the work of my father let's see you do it you know everything that's written of me I'm doing you know and if you say and Jesus you know kind of in a koi way almost almost tongue and cheek boy it was really going to dehorn him and they said oh you do those miracles by be elabub he said okay cool so If if I do them by be elabub, who is it that your sons do them by? Um, remind me again, please. Who? Oh, I'm sorry. Your sons don't do any miracles. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Have a nice day. So, let me say it again. We realize that by the time it comes to John, sin, hypocrisy, and rebellion against God's word had reached generational levels. The the religious schools of the day uh were shocked. They were shocked. And they sent messengers. They sent people, "Go find out about this guy." Yeah. and and and they they they were shocked when this this unckempt wild man as the as the Bible describes him came preaching with no formal education and certainly very little etiquette but as brother Brandham talks about he but he had the word of the Lord amen he was anointed with the same spirit that had anointed Elijah the Tishbite and Elisha before him before John. He didn't have time to kiss the babies or bury the dead. But his message was urgent. He didn't even have much time. It was going to be six months and gone. Amen. He emerged suddenly from the wilderness to announce that the kingdom of uh the coming kingdom of Messiah was at hand. and in fact is he's among you already. That was his message. Yeah. Like every generation of humanity before him, that generation would oppose such an anointed ministry. Amen. They had opposed They had opposed that spirit of Elijah that was in John. They had opposed it in the days when it was rested upon Elijah the Tishbite. It didn't matter. It didn't matter to to them that that he could stop the heavens so that it rained not for three years. It didn't matter to them that he could call fire down out of heaven that licked up the offering, the wood, the water, the dust, the stones, everything. Amen. It didn't matter to the school of the prophets in the days of Elisha. It didn't matter to them that they could swing an axe and lose the iron axe head into the water. And it's gone. And Elisha could float it. Did you know iron doesn't float? The laws of physics say no way can iron float. He floated it and the Bible says it swam. Wait, what? It swam. And he said, "Get it." And they got it out of the water. It didn't matter to them. It didn't matter that they poisoned their own food. And Elisha took meal and pitched it in and it was it was healed. Hallelujah. And it fed them. It didn't even matter to them that after he was dead and gone, a dead man got tossed in on top of his bones and came to life. Amen. So when John comes on the scene, it doesn't matter to that generation that John could come out rough and crass and and yet the the Matthew 3:5 says to us that Jerusalem and all Judea and all the region round about Jordan went out to hear him. They came into the water and they were baptized and repenting, calling on the Lord. So, so, so we realized that they were coming in repentance and this of course made the theology schools quite jealous. My my point is that that that the fact that an itinerate preacher who they did not endorse could pull that off in such a short amount of time and it's it's Jerusalem and all Judea and all the other parts around the Jordan. Amen. Amen. It didn't matter to that generation. Just like it hadn't mattered about what Elijah could do or what Elisha could do. It hadn't mattered what John could pull off. It doesn't matter to this generation today. May I just say it doesn't matter to this generation today what happened on the Ohio River or what happened in the Arizona desert or what happened in India or what happened in South Africa or or the or the fact that tens of thousands of people were healed of incurable diseases. Tens of thousands of impossible secrets of the heart were known. Amen. And millions were led to Christ. Praise God. didn't matter. I can tell you by the Bible that it will not matter when Elijah comes with Moses to the 144,000. It won't matter to that last generation that when Elijah goes to them and Israel is born in a day. It won't matter that they can control nature and they can control plagues and they can speak and whatever they say will happen. It don't matter. And the Bible says that instead of repenting, they'll curse God. And the saints which are in heaven, they'll blasphe their the saints in heaven. Amen. These kinds of things and more only further an anger, generational hypocrisy, generational rebellion against God's word. John says you are a generation of vipers. But it was not so at the beginning when we are willing to go back far enough back as brother Brandham said before God was even God and worshiped as God when there was nothing but him alone with his thoughts and there were no angels and there were no stars and there were no planets and there was no firmament there was nothing he wasn't even worshiped and that's why brother Brandham said he potentially he was God he was certainly the the Elohim, the the the the all knowing one, the allsufficient one. He was that divine being. He was he's never not been that. But he was not worshiped. So according to the English definition, he was only potentially God, but yet he was everything he would ever be was in him at that time, but it was unmanifest. And so when he creates angels, he's satisfying something that's inside him. They start to worship him, and now he's a worshiped being. He starts building stars and planets and an earth. He's building a kingdom. He's got a vision in his mind. Amen. Nothing's going to stop it. Nothing can stop it. Amen. From somewhere in those eternities, he began this process of true evolution. And he would build, and let me say it today, he would build a different kind of generation, a process to express himself into a kingdom of saints and a kingdom of brethren. It would be multi-gender, multi-racial, uh spread across a divine bouquet of varying uh ethnicities among as the Bible says uh peoples, nations, and tongues. the common denominator among them in heaven. When we see that they are all those who are the saints in glory and we someday will be that part of that number and the common denominator among this generation among this kingdom is that they and this is an important point they would be one grand one grand family of God ruling and reigning with Christ through ceaseless ages. They will be a different kind of a generation. The that's the common denominator in in heaven. And the common denominator while on the earth would be that they would all believe the word for their day. Hallelujah. In their day as God moved. The beauty of it would be that although it would span 6,000 years of human history, from Adam forward, across 6,000 years of human history, this generation of saints, of brethren, would be considered one single united generational offspring. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh Josh, I'm sorry to jump you. Give me Matthew 1:1. Matthew 1:1. It's It's interesting and I'm I'm I'm going to say more about this just in a little bit, but let me just put this in your mind uh as seed right now. Matthew 1:1 the the the genealogy of Jesus as it were. Because remember that it's going to go back in 14 generations to David in 14 generations, back to Abraham in 14, back all the way back. And and so the the the the the proof is that that Jesus wasn't going to actually have any of their physical fallen blood life gene pool in him. He would be the blood of God. He's going to be a prototype for a brand new type of person. God is going to from him. Jesus was a spoken word that blood cell in him. That's why brother Brown could call and said he had the he was neither Jew nor Gentile. He was God. He was had the blood of God in him. Now the beauty that of God's plan, the beauty of God's plan is because God brought him the way that he brought him into the earth. Not connected to fallen man, but yet connected to fallen man as a kinfolk, as a human. And now you with faith in the sacrifice of Christ are enjoined through the blood by faith back through Christ to Abraham and you're part of that generation. Amen. Oh my. So we are. So then so then this is exactly why it says here's what it doesn't say. The book of the generations. Amen. Of Jesus Christ the son of David. the son of Abraham. This is a single generation. Amen. And it doesn't matter what age they would come up with come up in. They would be part of that first generation. I am a first generation child. Hallelujah. I I when were you born? 1963. But I was in the mind of God way before 1963. Amen. Now, it's the the Bible even it even crosses over because you can read the genealogy of Mary in Luke chapter 3 who also now Mary's a perfect type of us and while she was merely an incubator again the same thing through faith in the Holy Ghost joins her and Luke takes Luke 3 to show that the generation of Mary was also part of the seedline of the kings that so Matthew covers uh Joseph And Luke covers Mary because first of all Mary came through the line of Nathan, another son of David, thus avoiding the curse of Jeconiah. Yeah. In Jeremiah 3. Because the the curse under of Jeconiah in in Jeremiah 3 was that you're done, buddy. You're offspring. That's it. You're not going to progress from here. See? And so, so I'm here to tell you that I don't care what kind of messed up way you got here. It doesn't matter what God had to do back in your gene pool and bring this to that and this to that and this to that. You're here. You're a believer. This is now. You're the generation. [Applause] Just like Mary that can say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Amen. So, it didn't matter what age his family were going to be born into the earth or under what condition or how their life went or what Satan had done to them or as I said Wednesday, what they had done to themselves. How many know we've we've done it to ourselves to more times. The devil gets a lot of credit for things I did. Right. But the beauty of it is is that I come from God. I go back to God. I remain in the generation of Jesus Christ. And there's nothing that sword or famine or height or depth or peril. Nothing can separate me from the generation of Jesus Christ. Not even I can separate me from that. And since Christ is the anointed word made flesh, well then we were always going to believe the word. Yeah. Amen. Because I'm part of the generation of Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ is his word. So how would I not believe all of his word? I'm part of that. See, we resisted for years. Some of us resisted longer than others. Some of us resisted impressively. I'm pretty sure God never felt the need to go back to the drawing board. Oh, that boy, that girl. I tell you, I'm going to have to figure something else out. Gabriel, you got any ideas? Everything I'm trying, I'm I'm I'm loading the gun, but I'm shooting blanks. Uh, well, Lord, have you thought of this? Trust me, the Lord's thought of everything. Oh my. Amen. Amen. So, this is the generation. And it didn't matter what age you come up with, whether it's now or or or or whether it's now, whether it's in Moses and Elijah, cuz that 144,000 are going to be part of the first resurrection. They're going to be born again, receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and believe the same message you believe. Amen. Doesn't matter if it's them or if it's now being us. It doesn't matter if it was in John. It doesn't matter if it was in Elisha. Doesn't matter if it was under Elijah. Doesn't matter. Go back as far as you want to go back all the way back to Cain and Abel. One of them believed the word of God and one of them would not accept the word of God. Not only would he not accept the word of God, he wouldn't even accept a workaround. He was determined to have his way. And by the time he gets to John, it's generational. Even God recycled it in Genesis 6 with Noah and comes out there in Genesis 9 and tells Noah, you know, I'm going to make a covenant with you and the animals and all the peoples of the world that will be. And I mean that's that's not very much different than than you know God offering dying for the sins of the whole world and offering everyone a legitimate opportunity to save themselves just like he had offered the son of his archeneemy. Offered the son of his arch enemy. That's how much God tries to save people. Offer the son of his arch enemy a way to save himself. even backs up Judas to try to get him to think, "Hold on, son. You sure?" Now betrayeth thou the son of man with a kiss. Think Judas, no coming back from that? You sure that's what you want to do? Don't get on that day and tell me, "Ah, made a mistake." Yeah. Cuz I'll be on that throne, then I'll say, "No, you that was then. This is now you passed that." And millions and billions are going to hear that. Sorry, you passed. I think that when I read the narrative of Matthew 25 especially because it gives so much more detail than the book of Revelation, book of Revelation just says the sea gave up its dead and the dead both small and great stood before the throne and the books were open. and another book was open and the people were judged out of the books and uh but but Matthew 25 starts handling the conversations and it seems to me when I read in in that conversation and reading between the lines I I get the sense that they know there's no need to argue. They make a little bit of a defense. Hey, did not we do these things in your name and we did all these mighty works. And Jesus won't deny their mighty works. He'll just say, but it was all iniquitous. Yeah, you you you knew it wouldn't save you and and you tried and you're you're trying to convince me now and I get it. I mean, why wouldn't you do that? You spent your whole Christian life trying to convince people you were a Christian because of your works when you really weren't. Amen. So it, you know, you're just doing what you've always done. I get it. But no, uh, it was all iniquitous. And somehow when I read the narrative, there's like a knowing. They're like, "Yeah, yep. He's right." And when they go away to the lake of fire, that's not brother Jason. That's the scripture. Right. Amen. You read that nobody cries foul. Nobody holds up a sign. Nobody's marching. Nobody's screaming. No justice. There's a knowing. Amen. That he's right. And he had always been right. But I believe today that I am preaching to a people of another generation. You say we're we're a new generation in the sense of the day and hour that we live in. We're a new generation. There's another generation after us among among the Israelites. Uh but I so in that sense, chronologically speaking, we are a new generation. But I'm here to tell you, if you ask me what generation it is, I'm going to say the original one. Amen. God saw me here before I was here. And this is this is what I was this is why abiding in him is so important. This is why I promised you I would go back and revisit Speak to the Mountain. And I'm not going to read it all to you. I just want to hit a couple of highlighted parts because brother Brandham is there and saying, you know, I'm I'm he I'm just going to say when people say if you say to this mountain be removed and cast and see, don't doubt you'll have it. And brother Brandham says, well, I just I didn't understand how that can work cuz he's saying I'm the one, not him. And seems to me that everything has to be under the atonement. It has to be him. It can't be me. And so he says, I'll just say, well, that was on the other side of the atonement. It's the only thing I know because Jesus was still living. The atonement was not yet made. He was not wounded for our transgressions yet, nor by his stripes we were healed yet. So he just gave them the power on the other side of the atonement. Great Baptist answer. See, but but then he said, "And then all of the sudden something spoke to me and said, "What about the prophets?" Come on. Amen. How's your theory work with that? And brother Ram hadn't thought about that. And he says, "Well, I began to see then it it began to unfold to me. What do you think that taken place in the meeting? And brother Brandham, now the Holy Spirit's speaking to him. What do you think that is taking place in the meetings? When you're standing there, do you think you're the one knows those people? Do you think it's you that can predict and say those people those things? You're you're going to do a certain certain thing and a certain certain thing that has happened to you in the past and a certain thing will happen to you in the future. Do you think that's you saying it? Oh my. He says, "It means so much. It's never left me." And I thought, "Surely not, Lord. It's you. Well, then do you think it's you talking when you say to this mountain? No. He says, "No." Do you think it was the prophets talking? Have they Have not you just got through preaching on the subjects that the prophets was so anointed with the Holy Spirit that it wasn't them that done the speaking. It was the Holy Ghost in them crying out. Then whatever you say, if you're anointed, wouldn't be you saying it. It would be the Holy Spirit saying it. Amen. And he comes to a new conclusion. This is a progressive revelation for William Brandham. And I thought that's right. If the person through the atonement, now listen, listen close. If the person through the atonement sanctified by the blood of Jesus Christ can live into a sphere with God, so close that he can be wrapped so completely in God by the blood of Jesus that it wouldn't be him talking. It would be the Holy Spirit speaking these things. Amen. He says, "Now this is the beginning of your new ministry. Now ask what you will and it shall be given to you." So we're we're coming to realize that this long awaited third stage, third pull, third effect of the ministry of Elijah that was to happen would happen to the bride alone. Amen. See, it would be it would be for the church. It'd be to the bride. All right. And so, so, Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham when he when he lays out those five cases where he speaks squirrels into existence, that same thing actually happened twice. That's what speak to the mountain's all about. It's two weeks apart. And God, it took God that long to get it through his skull for brother Brandham to stop thinking like a Baptist and start believing God's word. Amen. Don't get mad at me. I'm just reading you his testimony. And he he's my goodness, you know, all all the different uh five different times. And brother Brandham, catch it now, be real careful. Brother Brandham demonstrated this five times, the power of the spoken word five times in his ministry. And he labeled it in the message, look away to Jesus. He labeled it as as not used in a big way. You you controlled nature by speaking. Not used in a big way. You resurrected a fish to life by speaking. You created life on a limb and shot it. You created life out of thin air, out of nothing. Amen. By speaking, you disappeared a tumor from existence by speaking. You awarded eternal life to a mother for her lost children. by speaking and called that not used in a big way. Oh, he says it would it would take the squeeze and the tightening of the Antichrist system. None of which would be seen in his lifetime. Yeah. Amen. Now, you only have two options. You believe in a return ministry or you believe that you are the final voice to the final age. Hallelujah. It would take the squeeze. It would take the tightening of the Antichrist system. He wouldn't see any of that in his lifetime. He would be taken off the scene. We certainly know the squeeze is now. And we Amen. And we certainly know the tightening is growing every day. Does the church believe that today? Now, it doesn't appear to me that he will be the one speaking beyond the not in a big way, right? How? So, then it begs a fair question. How will that unfold? Okay, I got a question back because that's a good question. How's that going to unfold? Here's my question to you. How do you know it's not already? Amen. Amen. We've been here 70 years after these events. How do you know it's not already unfolding? But brother Jason, won't the world need to change some more for that to move? Won't it take more squeezing and more tightening for this for for this to become that? Can I say to you that that that this that is this life of the world you live in right now could become that by tomorrow morning. Oh yeah. Your this could become that by tomorrow morning. See, so we we don't claim to know we don't claim to know how all of this will play out. And we may discover that it that it that that that it's been happening in a way we weren't expecting. God hidden and revealed in simplicity. Or we may find out that it's more when it when it starts. We may find out that it's more than we're expecting as I live and breathe right now. And all of that is true. But that's not the point. That's all true. But that's not the point. The point is that when this becomes true and when it becomes real in whatever form it is happening or will happen or will continue to happen or will get worse with happening, it will be the generation of God's kingdom through the atonement sanctified by the blood of Jesus that live into a sphere with God so close that he can be wrapped so completely in God by the blood of Jesus that it won't be him talking. It won't be her talking. It won't be you talking. It will be the Holy Spirit speaking. That sounds a lot like abiding in Christ to me. That sounds like John 15:7. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. Amen. You good? That's got some time. I'm trying to get to my sermon. I mean that quite sincerely. This all it just seems fantastic to the world. They can't hardly they can hardly get their mind around it. They can hardly believe it. They can't understand. They can't grasp how it works or how it came to be. And I want to say that that's only because they are looking at human history since the records of Genesis forward. Yeah. But God began working on this generation way further back than that. Amen. Understanding what happened before Genesis 1:1, I would say to you today, is vital. Understanding what happened prior to Genesis 1:1, is vital to understanding who God is and the mystery that lies in the understanding of his godhead. Amen. A great clue that helps us unlock the triunity of God is actually found not in Genesis but in Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, don't just think of the Nazarene, right? Don't think of the nail scarred man. Amen. The Bible, Paul tells the Colossian church, not only had John said all things were made by this one who be the word became flesh, not only were all things made by that one that was with God and was God, but Paul says all things were made by Jesus Christ in in the book of Colossians. All things were made by him. So you understand once you understand that that God and Christ that the son of God is not a second person in a in a deity godhead. He's that original God further expressed. And so it's God by expression. This is why the Bible calls him the express image. That's what the Bible calls him in in Colossum. He was the express image. He was the image of God expressed. He was God as a man. Brother Ram said it's so simple. God lived in a man called Jesus. And and that body went and that body became a sacrifice. You couldn't kill God. So God, brother Brandham says, God acted out the part of death in Christ. Now, he really died. See, but he acted out that part. This is God. I mean, how else do you imagine a deity is going to connect to humanity? The gap is too far. There had to be a somebody in the middle that could take his hand on a holy God and a sinful people and join them together and everybody be in love. Praise God. Amen. See, so it's its 13:8 is almost like a almost like a sign. It's almost like a marker indicating a trail head. You ever go hiking and you got a sign indicating where the trail head is? And that trail head goes somewhere if you stay on it. See? So it's why Christ, it's why Christ, as we read, is a single generation. It's because of an expression through his family. So, not only was Jesus part of the first generation, he's the firstborn among many brethren. So, the the whole family is part of that generation. And just because he came in the middle of the book 4,000 years in, 2,000 years prior to the end, that didn't stop what he had always been before time. He's only expressing himself further along. See, so it shows why Christ is a single generation. And it's because of an expressions the Bible and I'm going to go through this list very quickly. Uh I could have put it on the board but it would slow me down. The Bible describes that cloudy pillar that pillar of fire. Um it would you know especially as it relates to as it being in the most holy place as the calls it the shikina glory. It was a it was uh theologians and the lexical aid describe it as a radiant divine light above the mercy seek of of the ark of the covenant and that this divine light symbolized God's presence and God's holiness. You find many examples of it. God mo uh he met Moses and spoke with him from above the mercy seat in Exodus 25. Uh first Kings chapter 8 talks about how that during the dedication of Solomon's temple that a cloud filled the whole temple and chased everybody out and they couldn't even minister because it filled the whole temple. Amen. See first Kings 8. So, Leviticus 16, God had warned the people that he appears uh in a cloud above the mercy seat. In Ezekiel 10, Ezekiel describes God's glory filling the temple with his brightness. Isaiah spoke about it. His train filled the temple. Deuteronomy 4 describes this fire as a consuming fire. Amen. Your God, the Lord your God, is a consuming fire. Exodus 24, the glory of the Lord appeared as a devouring fire when it came down on the mountain. You remember when all the people backed up and were afraid and Moses said, "No, don't don't back away. He wants to talk to you. Move forward. You'll be okay. This is the this is part of the plan." No, Moses, no. No, we're not we're not holy enough. We got too I got too many uh skeletons in my closet. You just go find out what he says and come back and tell us and we'll believe what you said. And that worked for a very short time till they didn't believe Moses anymore. In Ezekiel the very first chapter, God's throne appears as sapphire with amberlike brilliance mixed with fire. Daniel 7 shows God's throne radiated fire and light. And in one place, I think it's Ezekiel talks about that his upper body, the one seated there, that his upper body looked like burning metal, like bronze that's been superheated. You ever seen uh uh um the blacksmith bring a horseshoe up and it's glowing red? Yeah. And he said his whole upper body looked like that. See Matthew 17 talks about how that on Mount Transfiguration his his face shone like the sun. Revelation chapter 1 in John's vision of Christ, he describes one that that had a face like like the brightness of the sun. It was blazing. But first Timothy describes it as a blazing unapproachable light. The shikina glory wasn't just a bright light. It was a living presence. Amen. Amen. It spoke of God's purity, God's power, God's majesty. Now, I'm going to I'm going to make a case today for you for a big finish. Y'all y'all down for a big finish? Amen. Amen. Down as Gen Z speaks. Sorry. All the young people went, "Yeah, they knew what I was talking about." So, we're we're we're good for a big finish. Amen. What if it's What if it's Is it okay if it's even in simplicity and might be feel like anticlimactic? You good with that? You say, "Don't you know?" Uh-uh. I'll get there. I'll know when I get there. Amen. Are you along for the ride? Amen. I'm turning the last corner for home. Stay with me. Imagine that all you've heard about what it is. And I just read you a whole litany of things. There's all kinds of gemstones and sardis and jasper. And Sardis is like a deep deep orange deep red and sapphire is blue and and then you have gold and and that has its yellow appearance and then you have amber and then you have all of these different then you have a greenish hue and and and and so you have all of these various things. But remember everything that you imagine when you close your eyes and you think about what appeared over the mercy seat or what led the children of Israel by day or or what was a fire by night and a cloud by day. What filled Solomon's temple? All right. I I imagine everything that you've heard about what it is, how it has appeared and disappeared, how it has shown up at the most incredible times to perform the most extraordinary things. Amen. Brother Brandham tells us in the unchangeable God 1960, he he begins to speak about people like Jacob met him in an unexpected place, at an unexpected time, in an unexpected way. I'm saying that today for your benefit. I don't know how your week has been. I don't know what may transpire before you go to bed at night or what you face tomorrow. But don't lose sight of the fact that he, this pillar of fire, this pillar of a person may meet you in an unexpected place in an unexpected time in a very unexpected way. My message to you is that whatever way it comes when, however, humble yourself. Humble yourself. Bow before that presence. Raise up your hands and say, "Lord, what would you have your servant know? I'm here to humble myself. It's written of me also in the scrolls. and I also have come to do thy will, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham in 1965 says in the paradox, and I'm somewhat paraphrasing some of these statements. Brother Brandham talks about how that when dealing with a sovereign God, things sometimes can happen and be unexplainable and unreasonable. Did you get that? Now, those are his direct words. Sometimes things happen in a paradox and God moves by paradox that are unex that are unexplainable and frankly unreasonable, right? To where you wouldn't think God would do it like that until he does. And brother Brandon said that this is what he had learned that sometimes things can happen and be unexplainable and unreasonable, but yet it's the truth. He comes in the unchangeable God working in an unexpectable way. That's quite a word. Unexpectable. The unchanging God. This direct quote. The unchangeable God. This is the theme of his sermon. The unchangeable God working in an unexpectable way. Amen. Now, do you have something of an image in your mind's eye? Right. I've spent a little bit describing what it looks like, what prophets told us it looked like. We've read in our own Bible experiences. We know it met Paul. We We've seen how it works. We know that the characteristics of God whenever it's come, it's always proves to be Christ because he always acts the same way. So, let me ask you again. Do you have an image in your mind? I I'm going to I'm going to stretch you out today. I want to know, do you have an image in your mind of this pillar of fire, of this cloud, of this presence, of this being? Amen. All right. Now you got it. You got that image? Get ready to go to the next level. You good? Amen. You buckled up. I'm not I'm not saying that your image is going to be more brilliant or more colorful. I I'm not I'm not suggesting the necessity of that. I I I want you to today, if you will, is just close your eyes for me for a minute. This is like brother Brandon would say. Let's close our eyes and let's imagine for a moment. Just only gonna take a minute. I'm just giving you a little exercise. I don't know that I've ever done this. Just close your eyes for a minute because I'm about to take your image to the next level. We're going to take a little journey. But before we do, I want you to take the image in your mind's eye that you have right now based on all of the descriptions we've read, and I want you to take that image and make it larger, much larger. I'm not talking about a cloud by day or a fire by night that led the children of Israel through the wilderness. I'm not talking about a cloudy pillar that stood at the tabernacle door in Exodus 33. I'm not talking about a cloud the size of a man's hand in the days of of Elijah or or that one that filled Solomon's temple so that the priest could not even in I'm not even talking about the one that appeared in Houston, Texas in 1950. And you've seen the picture for the image in your mind's eye. I want it to be much larger. I want you to think of it as world size. Now, not a cold marble, but uh uh like a like a quazar, like a burning quazar. That's I, if I could say it this way, a light many times, as the Bible describes, many times brighter than the sun. Now, while your eyes are closed, you're you're you're growing your image. It's huge. It's world size. Brother Brandham calls it a great fountain of all eternity. That's 1957 in the message life. It's a fountain of honesty and tress in their perfection. In the Hebrews series, he calls it a great fountain of spirit which had no beginning or no end. Now we're traveling, friends. We're traveling further than anyone thought possible. We're going to the very center of deep space, further and deeper than anyone has ever imagined. Further and deeper into space than any man-made device could see. After what seems like a fathomless distance, we begin to approach this reality bending worldsiz source of light. Its scale and sheer size are so large that you actually had to come to a full stop thousands of miles out from its surface just so you could take it all in. Do you have your image? Do you have your image? Bethl Tabernacle, have you traveled there with me? Eyes are still closed. I want to I want to describe to you what I see. With all of its bands of light, you can see right into the heart of this great light of incomprehensible size and scope. As I look closer, because I'm there with you on this journey, I can see running all through it, permeating and pulsating from its very heart is an uncut and uncontaminated pure life. I can see that there is within it in this life, this pure life, there's nothing negative. There's no trace of anything harmful. This pulsating whole world is free of any stress or anxieties. It's entirely untroubled and noticeably absent of fear. It's pure. It's clean. It's unfettered. It's inexhaustible. It's a fountain of life hovering in the center of the eternities. And as if from a deep well rising forth from the center of it, billowing up and pouring out, I can see, as brother Brandham described, I can see flowing streams that pass me and go all around me of pure unfettered love. Not the, as brother Brandham says, not the cheap love that humans call love, but the very essence of the actual substance of pure love itself. I can see that this well in the heart of this great burning light is awe inspiringly deep. I suddenly realize it's an entire rolling ocean of love, mercy, and grace. There is more love and more life here than all the stars and all the galaxies you could see on a clear night. At this point, friends, we've suddenly become aware that this isn't a world or star exactly. It's not a collection of gases or fuel burning in the center of the universe. It's a being, a living being, vast, astonishing, teeming with honesty, loyalty, and tremendous power. with the dawning that it's a person. It's suddenly even more breathtaking as we realize it's not an it that we are swept away by. There are hardly words to describe him at this point. He's unequaled. He's unparalleled. At the very straining limits of our imagination, unimaginable. and all of him, everything of this great eternal being of the deepest love and purest life. Open your eyes. Are you ready for the big finish of God revealed in simplicity? He poured all of himself into a single man. Amen. And that man is the firstborn of mine and your family. Amen. That worldsiz image poured himself. If Paul is to be believed, where we read in our text in Romans 8, that great being went from eternal spirit to logos to a human man, making him the firstborn among many brothers and sisters from Genesis to now. You are, we we sing that song. You are my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I love you more than any other. So much more than anything. Isn't that beautiful? You alone are my strength, my shield. That great world size. To you alone may my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. Not firstborn among many sons, daughters or grandchildren, uncles, aunts, cousins. It's not that. This is not linear generation. That linear generation has caused me a lot of trouble. We are all part of this first or original or singular generation. We're all part of the generation of Jesus Christ. And the Bible says, "Who shall declare his generation? For he was cut off from among the living." And Matthew records the generation, the single singular generation of Jesus Christ. Now, we know we already know that none of those people Matthew named are physically connected to him. None of the people Luke named are physically connected to him. We all know that. But listen friends, uh I would say to you that that's all the more the reason why it would say gener not generations but generation because think with me now. God was Adam's father. Amen. One person says, "Amen." God was Adam's father. God was Abraham's father. God was Jesus's father. Amen. God is my father. It's the same father that's been working since he was that great worldsized fountain that began to roll forward. And out from him came the logos. And the logos went into a man. And the man died on Calvary, ascended up, and gave me back his life. And now I'm enjoined back through the blood, back to that father. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. If God is my father, then Abraham is my brother. If God is the father of Jesus, then Jesus is the firstborn among many brethren. Hallelujah. I'm redeemed back to the generation of Jesus Christ who made all things. Hallelujah. He made all things by his word. He redeems all things that are his by his word. He was more than a man. Amen. He was, as a prophet would call him, the God man. the glory of God living in a man. If Paul is to be believed in Colossians 1:27, do you believe Paul? To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Hallelujah. If Paul is to be believed, when you're born again of the spirit of God, it's God in Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's a tongue twister. I wrote it that I know it slays the King's English. I want to say it again. When you are born again of the spirit of God, it's God in Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. It's God in Christ in you, the hope of glory. Yes. See, so this is why now as I wind up right here, now you can begin to see why this is such a burden on my heart. Brother Brandham would say in the message, "Come follow me." I I may have read some of this. I just want to read some highlighted parts. Brother Brandham says always remember except that voice that said follow me. That voice is alive in the earth tonight. Today do you believe that same voice that said let there be is alive today? He goes on just the same as every voice. And now I got to read I got to read this part clear because this is this is something just the same as every voice and every word we spoke is still alive when that voice goes out as a wave of the air. See, watch this now. I'm going to I'm going to give you something you might not have known about your your makeup. You say, "Well, I say, what makes you up?" Well, I got feet and hands and leg and a heart and lungs and liver and kidney and brain and Well, did you also know you got a transmitter here that sends out his voice? Hallelujah. You are the transmitter that sends it out. Now, it takes the station to pick it up. Jesus was the transmitter of God's word. He was the triunity of God manifest in one man. He was complete God and complete man. The trinity of God, the trinity of the attributes of God as being father, son, and holy spirit was represented in that one man, Jesus Christ. So there he was the word. That word went out from a transmitter. He said one day, verily I say unto you, if ye say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt your heart, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have what you've said. Brother Brandon says, "Now, if you can just be the station to pick that up by the control inside of you by faith, it'll move you right into the cycle of God to the new birth to be born again." And then you will always be in contact to hear that voice. Hallelujah. I wonder if your transmitter is working good today. Oh, let me tell you something, friends. No matter how you try to go around it, you might leave this building today and you've been trying to go around what I've been preaching and now for eight different installments, you're still trying to go around it. No matter how you try to go around it, abiding in him is the inescapable way to keep you in line with the generation of Jesus Christ. There's no other way to do it. You can't avoid it. You must come this way. You're to be a transmitter of the word of God. Oh, I wonder how many today would like to be a transmitter like that with all your heart. Friends, would you like to say, "Lord, make me a transmitter. Draw me into an abiding presence. Cause me to come into your presence, Lord." We're not talking about a symbolism of holiness, a song we sing about. Those those symbols represented a person. And I want to be part of that person's generation. Hallelujah. I want to live the way he wants me to live. Stand. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I could never ever out love the Lord. Give me a key, sister. I want to live live the way he wants me to live. Oh, I want to give. Let's lift it up now until there's just no more to give. Oh, I want to love. No love till there's just no more love. Here's the truth. I could never ever out love my mind. Oh, let's raise up those eagle wings now. I want to live all together the way he wants me. Let me hear you. I want you. Yes. Wow. Oh, I wish you could hear how beautiful you sound. That's beautiful, church. Lift it up. Lift it up. Just know. Yes, Lord. Receive this worship. Lord, I could never ever, Lord. You're deserving of it. You're worthy of this, Lord God. All together, friends, let's sing it. I want to live, live the way he wants me. Yes, Lord. Oh, I want to give. No, more to give. Oh, I want to love. No love there. Just know. Here's the bottom line. I could never ever out love the Lord. Just keep playing that for me. We'll come back to it in a second. Brother Matt got a special day today and we've got a baptism. I want to ask the brothers to come and be making ready. Sorry you guys got to move a little bit there, big dog. But we're going to we're going to baptize a young man. I got this text this morning. My goodness, such zeal, such fervor. My phone almost caught on fire. It was a beautiful text and it reminded me so much of myself when I was uh right near his age in my late 20s and had served God for many years and had been raised a believer. But I'm going to tell you, something happened to me and God began to come to my address and I I said, "I have got to go further. I've got to stand for more than I've ever stood for. And I had a brother testify to me of that early this morning. I was sitting there in my 5:30 chair. I didn't get up at 5:30. You believe it or not? I I didn't get up till almost 7:00. I couldn't believe it. I said, "Sister Debbie, what did you do?" My goodness, what was in the supper, and man, I slept. I couldn't believe I'd slept that long. It was 6:57. And I ran in there and sat down. And just as I sat down, Brother Mike Curtis text me, "Brother Jason, God has done something special in my life." And he said, "I I've I've been having dreams and I've been having this happen and God has been dealing with me." And he said, "I have recommitted myself." And he said, "I want to get rebaptized." And I said, "Buddy, we will do that today." He said, "If today can work, I'd like to do it today." He doesn't want to wait for his parents to come back. Amen. Sorry, brother Steve. Sister Emily, he loves the Lord more than you. Sorry. Amen. I'll bet they're rejoicing over that. But we want to invite our brother to prepare himself and have the brothers get ready. Amen. We're going to have the baptism. And I love I love it when God moves on his people. We're close to the end, friends. I hope God is moving fresh on you. Amen. I'll stand up here all day and rebaptize people that want to be Amen. I believe we're that close. We can't afford to play church and and and and and just be sat be satisfied with the rest that we got in the new birth. I want to go on. I want to learn of him. I want to take his yoke upon me. As I said to you last Wednesday, I want to know him and the power of his resurrection. I don't just want to know him. I know him in a new birth, but I want to know him and the power of his resurrection. Say, "Me, too. Sign me up." Hold on. Sign. Are you sure? And the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his [Music] death. Now, how many want to know him and the power of his resurrection? I prayed that fresh this morning. I said, Lord, whatever it takes, by any means necessary, I trust your wisdom for my life. Whatever you decide, whatever you need to do, my trust in you is implicit. It's complete. It's total. I doubt nothing. My faith in God's love is perfect. Say, you you you have perfect faith. You better believe it. I have perfect faith in this. I have perfect faith in the word of this hour. I have perfect faith in the love of God. I have perfect faith in election. I have perfect faith that God keeps all of his promises. I'm already in stage of perfect faith. That ain't something I'm waiting on. Praise the Lord. I want to abide in him daily. Closer and closer still. Say, "How close?" Yeah. No, I mean, how close you want to get right. You got it. If I'd name it, then you'd put a period on it. And I don't want to put a period on it. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to live live the way he wants me. Amen. Take it over, my brother. until there's just no more to give. Oh, I want to love [Music] until I could never out love the Lord. Sing it again with all your heart now. I want to live. I want to live. Live the way he wants me to live. Oh, I want to hear until [Music] it [Music] just I could never ever one more time. One more time. Come [Applause] [Music] [Applause] stand. Oh, I want to give until there again. I [Music] want to just know I could never I could never ever love the Lord. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Hallelujah. I I imagine you heard my testimony as you're going around the back. This is so similar what happened to me. And uh the only reason I didn't get baptized a third time is that I' been baptized twice. And I thought, "No, I can't do it third time." But but the dedication in my heart was real. And I had just reached a point where, yeah, I was a believer, but the Lord was calling for more. more. And I believe that God is calling all of us into a a a deeper, fuller, richer walk. I think we're going to be the ones who are uh it won't I think the ones who we're going to be the ones who use it in a not a small way. I think it not again it might shock us how it comes, but Amen. I just want to be ready. I want the Lord to know that I love him and I mean it and I am a believer of his word. I'm not perfect. I fail to stumble. But that only drives me back to my knees when I get closer to it. Remember the quote we read Wednesday about that Caleb sent to us. And um that that that's a that's a that's a secret sauce. That's the recipe for victory. See, the more we can push out of the world, the more we can take him in, the more darkness leaves, the more light comes in. That's not growing into a new birth. That's with the new birth growing in Christ. You see, and so it's like Paul said to believers, you know, let the mind which was in Christ be in you. And uh let the word of God, he said, I think to the Colossians church, let allow permit, let the word dwell in you richly. Now, I love that descriptive word because it ain't just, well, I already got the word in me. David had that. David said, I've hid it in my heart. I've tied it to my bed post. I put it between my eyes. But the thing that wearied David is he said, "Brother Anthony, he knew it should live better. He never could make it live like it should because he didn't have the Holy Ghost." We have the ability to not suffer. David's wearing something. Amen. So, it's a thrill to have you here today. Do I already know your full name? Micah. James. Maybe I knew that. Micah James Curtis. Let's pray. Father, there's little need for me to cover the correct scriptural formula for Christian for true Christian baptism. This brother's well taught and that understands it perfectly, believes it, accepts it. And Lord God, what he has what he's doing today is a public testimony and a demonstration that you mean more to him now than you've ever met before. Amen. And it's a public testimony that he is flying higher, running deeper, running faster, pressing harder. As Paul said, press, press, strain, reach, stretch, press toward the mark, that great prize that comes with the high calling of Jesus. Pray you'll grant it to him today, Lord. Reward his faith. Reward his courage to come before these people. Lord, already having a testimony of Christ, the devil battled his mind. And what are people going to think? You've already supposed to have been a Christian. And of course, he has been. This is about knowing you more as we sing that song. Oh, I want to know you more deep in my soul. Grant it, Lord God. I commit him and commit this act now into your hands. further development, Lord. Uh, Father, that this brethren may, as brother Brandham said, be one of those who can who can live up in those spheres with God, so close to God that wouldn't even be him speaking. It would be God speaking. May it be so, Lord God. He's starting a family. He's going to need the power of the word in his mouth. I pray for every father. If they don't have that, may they quickly appeal to you. Appeal to the king. Say, "Lord, I need the authority of the word in my mouth. If I'm going to guide this family, if I'm going to keep them safe from the perils of the world, I must know you in a deeper way. Lord, may you grant it, Father, today. May this be the beginning of a great revival perhaps that could sweep along all the young men, Lord God, who are ready to take the sword of the spirit and press toward the kingdom. May you grant it today in Jesus name." Amen. Now, you just sit right there now, brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, Brother Luther, somebody took good care of you today. Amen. Praise the Lord. I've baptized many of them in frigid water late at night, 20 in the river. In the river, Lord Jesus, snowing uphill both ways. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Mike, it's with great pleasure that I baptize you, my brother. Want to comfort those can. Straight under. Bring it back up. My brother, we baptize you again for the glory of God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that, brother M. I love that song. Amen. Let's sing it all together. You are my You take my You alone are my [Music] desire to you are my friend. You are my brother. You are my friend. And you is he your brother? My brother even though you are a king. Oh hallelujah. That's so beautiful. [Applause] [Music] More than the other so much so much more, Lord. Oh, we love you today, Father. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. You alone are my strength, my shield. to you alone. May my spirit yield today and every day. You alone are my heart. [Music] [Applause] God bless you friends. You can be dismissed. Sing that verse again. You are my friend, my brother. You are my friend and you are my [Music] brother. You are the I want you for the other so much more. [Music] You are my strength, my shield. You are alone in my spirit. [Music]
