################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - 250709- Kidri Diggs:Does He Have Consent? - Kidri Diggs - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-09
Title:   250709- Kidri Diggs:Does He Have Consent?
Speaker: Kidri Diggs
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gegEMobtP8o
========================================

Pour your spirsty [Music] [Music] Come all my cup again. Heal my heart and make me. I need you now. Pour your spit out. Pour your spirst [Music] [Music] on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me. I need you now. Pour your spit out. Let's get the Lord away from pour out just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul on me. Make me home. I need you now. Pour your spit outship. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me pour your brother. [Music] Pour your spirsty [Music] soul again. I need pour your [Music] heart's be that joy and that peace that we just found that you chose me that you saw me As we gather togetherus Christ and true pray brother come to see you not looking bless. those cheerfully. We surrender our lives every comfort those Lost another time. Jesus Christ. [Music] saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall fresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me. I need you now for your spirit. Pour your spate [Music] my thirsty soul. Come and fall on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me. I need you now for your Amen. Let's give the Lord Joy, joy, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soul saving joy. Oh, joy, joy in my soul. Sing joy, joy, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soulsaving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Let's put our hands together. Joy, joy, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soul saving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Sing it again. Oh say joy, joy, God joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet saving joy joy joy in my soul. Early in the morning before the break of day I [Music] make me. He holds me and the Lord it keeps me. Joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. Sing joy, joy, God's great joy. Everybody say joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet beautiful saving joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. [Music] When I was weak and can't go on all my hope and joy is gone late in the midnight hour to my God and he gives me joy, joy in my soul. Oh, sing joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul, sweet, beautiful, soul joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. Let's sing the first verse now. Early in the morning before the break of day, I ask the Lord to make me whole. He holds me. The Lord he keeps me. Joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. One more time sing. Joy, joy. God's great joy. Joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet [Music] saving joy. Oh, joy joy in my soul. One more time. Joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet beautiful saving joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Give me a key of Jesus. Say a little bit of in Jesus name we press on. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. Oh dear Lord, with a cry [Music] clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Jesus name. Sing in Jesus name we press on. [Music] Dear Lord, win the prize clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Let's sing in worship this evening. Say, "Oh, in Jesus name." We press on. We press on. We press on. Sing in Jesus name. We press on. We press on. We press on [Music] dear Lord with the prize living before our eyes. We find a strength. Let's give the Lord a wave of our room to praise in Jesus name. Say [Music] in Jesus name. [Music] We press on. We press on. Sing in Jesus name. [Music] Oh we press on. [Music] Oh dear Lord, with the bright clear before our eyes we find the strength to press on. Let's sing one more time in worship. Sing it in Jesus name. Sing in Jesus name. Let's just raise our hands to the heavens this evening. Lord, we're willing to press on [Music] in Jesus name. We press on dear Lord with the prize clear before our eyes. [Music] We find the strength to press on. [Music] Amen. I believe the Lord deserves some praise this evening. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Brother John, if you come and give us a special this evening. Amen. Let's give Brother John a hand. [Music] Thankful we have a good father. Yeah. In this life, you know, maybe you didn't get a natural a good natural father, but our our heavenly father is perfect. Oh, I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like, but I've heard the tender whispers of love a dead of night. And you tell me that you're pleased and that I never alone. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. [Music] Oh, I've seen many searching for answers far and wide. But I know we're all searching for answers. Only you provide. Cuz you know just what we need before we say a word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Cuz you are perfect in all of your ways. Lord, you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. Oh, with love so undeniable, I I can hardly speak. Peace so unexplainable. Why I can hardly think as you call me. Deeper still, Lord, you call me. Deeper still as you call me. Deeper still into love. Love. Love. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Oh, it's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. as you're a good good father. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Won't you stand with me? Amen. I think it's Eflat. Amen. Amen. As our precious brother digs come. Amen. We're going to sing this song. Amen. I just want to pour my praise. Amen. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just wanna pour I just want to pour my praise on you. Say, I just wanna pour I just want to pour my praise on you. Cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All I want I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. Say, I just want to pour. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour. I just want to pour my praise on you. Say, I just want to pour I just wanna pour my praise on you. I just want to pour. I just want to pour my praise on you. say cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All I want I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. Say you've been better to me than I could ever ever. [Music] I just want to pour my Oh, pour my praise on you. I just want to [Music] I just want to pull our praise. [Applause] Amen. How many got some praise in the building? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I I wasn't trying to cut you short. I just like I just like that song. Amen. Amen. I think sometimes y'all don't realize that the preacher be in the back and he he hear something. you like, man, I got to get out there, you know. So, we certainly appreciate my brother, brother Tony job. Amen. Appreciate all of you for coming riding through the storm. Amen. Appreciate pastor. Amen. We love you and appreciate him. Amen. Let's just have a word of prayer and we'll get right into the word of God. I hope you are looking for him cuz he's the only one that can help us tonight. Amen. If you have a unspoken request, you can acknowledge it to the Lord by uplifted hand. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father God, we Lord for giving us the praise for the garment of heaviness, Lord. And Lord, there are things going on in this world, but we're just happy to be in the land of the living, Lord. Lord God, we know where our help comes from, Lord. And we know that your arm is never short, Lord. Lord, and whatever you do, you do it to its fullness, Lord. All we have to do is wait on you, Lord, and look for your leadership and your guidance, Lord, and not move according to our own feelings, but we want to be in your perfect will. And Lord, we just pray tonight, Lord, that the Holy Spirit will guide and lead the service, Lord, as if it's already done in the worship, Lord. But now the word is coming forth. And Lord, we want to yield as speaker, Lord, and yield as hearer, Lord, that we'll only receive of thy spirit. And Lord, we pray the blessing of the kingdom over this church, Lord. the leadership, the governments of the church. Lord, bless the musicians, Lord, and the hands, Lord. Father God, we just pray that the fire will come down upon our altars now. In the wonderful name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. Somebody say, "Amen." Again. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to uh St. John chapter 5. St. John chapter 5. St. John chapter 5. Let's just start reading at verse one. The Bible says after this there was a feast of the Jews and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is called in Hebrew tongue Bethesda having five porches. In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk of blind halt withered waiting for the moving of the water. Amen. For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool and troubled the waters. Whosoever then first after the troubling of the waters stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. And a certain man was there which had an infirmity 38 years. When Jesus saw him, when Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, "Will thou be made whole?" Amen. Hebrews chapter 11. Let's just read one verse out of here. Let's go to verse six. But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must first believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. May the Lord have blessed the reading of his word. You can have your seats if you don't mind. just to capture just to capture the the stage of the thought I want to deal with tonight. Let's turn to Job the first chapter. Job chapter 1. Job chapter 1. Let's start reading at verse six. Now the Bible says, "Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also among them." Satan like coming to church. Let me say this. The presence of God and who God is is nothing strange to the devil. He knows who God is and he knows what God's presence is. I'll take it a step further. He knows God's voice. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It says, "And the Lord said unto Satan, Whence cometh thou?" And Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and upright man, one that one that fearth God and obscureth evil." My, what if God would testify about your life like that tonight? The enemy is coming with all his shenanigans and what he want to do and God say, "Hold up. I got somebody perfect. I got somebody that can stand the test of time. He He It's evil all over the place, but he going to shun it. Hallelujah. What What What would God be saying about you if the devil was approaching him saying, "Hey, can I have that person? Would God be able to testify about your life like that?" Amen. My is that isn't that powerful? But listen to Satan. Did Satan answered the Lord and said, "Do Job fear God for not? Hast thou made hast thou made an hedge about him and about his house and all that he hath on every side? Thou hast blessed the works of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land." Now God didn't testify. Now the devil's going to testify. Oh. Oh my. Oh my. The devil's going to say back to God, I see the same thing you see. But yet I can't touch him. My my subject tonight is does he have consent? Does he have consent? Hallelujah. And what I want to I want to the reason why I read this was just to show that the enemy comes to church. He's he's always around our houses, our families. Job named the the devil known he named every area that Job was blessed in. Hallelujah. He talked about his finances. He talked about his house. He talked about his health. In every area, the devil was saying, "I can't touch him." He said, "There's a hedge about him." What was he saying? I don't have consent. Hallelujah. Oh my I I I I I want to get to him. I You've blessed his hands. You've blessed everything. But you got a hedge about him. Hallelujah. Oh my. Consent, church. Oh my. If if just to narrow it down, let me let me read a a definition of consent. Now, we've heard this word before. Consent. Now, the reason why I I put this in the form of a question is, does he have consent? Because there are only two spirits we can operate under tonight. Amen. You either operating under the spirit of fear or the spirit of faith. And the enemy, he holds fear. And God holds faith. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, we are to fear God." No, that's reverence. Hallelujah. I'm not per se, oh, God going to get me. I'm afraid. No. No. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. I know he loves me. Hallelujah. So whatever I do, hallelujah, concerning the things of God, of course I don't want to mess up, but that's not fear that he's going to kill me. That's fear that I'm going to disappoint him. Hallelujah. So it's therefore a reverence versus me being afraid to go to hell. But church, we there are two things we operate under. You either operating under fear or faith. Hallelujah. And the prophet of God said doubt is accompanied by fear. So if you got any doubt today, you got any doubt in this room, fear is also walking with you. Hallelujah. So what's accompanied by faith? Love, power, sound mind, the things of God. But if we look at the definition of consent, consent means to permit, approve or agree. Amen. Now, when it comes to the spirit world and the two spirits we deal with, you have to ask yourself tonight, have I given the devil consent? Have I permitted him to do certain things in my life? He cannot do it without permission. So, if you're depressed or you're fighting a spirit of depression, you had to give him consent. You say, "Well, I went to the world and I messed up my life." You had to give the enemy consent. Because he can only do what's allowed. He doesn't have power to just jump on us and wreck our life. No, he has to get permission from you or God. Notice I didn't just say God. you or God is controlling whatever the enemy is doing. Hallelujah. Everybody all right to permit, approve or agree. Hallelujah. Now look here. Right here in this moment when God is talking to Satan, Job didn't give him permission. Job didn't permit it. Job didn't agree with it, but God allowed it. Why? To bring out something greater in his life that he hadn't already known. So, I'll say if God ever allows the enemy to do something in your life, it got to it has to go back to scripture. Hallelujah. If the enemy does anything in your life, if he upsets anything and you know you didn't give him permission, but God allow it is only to make you a better Christian. Hallelujah. The only reason God will let the enemy loose in your life is so that it could work out for your good. Oh my. Well, you think about consent and even for the for the for for the young folks tonight, you say, "Well, consent is I'm still, Brother D, I'm trying to catch it." You know, hallelujah. Oh, I'mma get you good now. You know, when you go out some places and you might uh go to the mall or go out someplace and you ain't got no signal, first thing you try to do is jump on the Wi-Fi. Talk to me now. We try to jump on the Wi-Fi, do something where we can use our phone. Hallelujah. Let's just say tonight, hallelujah. I was in the back room and I had no signal, but Bethl Tabernacle had signal. Hallelujah. And I say, "Okay, I see it. Now, let me get on it before." Hallelujah. I get the service. There's a little box that says, "Do you agree?" Whether it be the airport, whether it be you getting the hotel room. Hallelujah. Before you get the keys, before you get access, you have to check that little box. Give them permission to do what they will with your information. Amen. Let me give you a little tip. Public Wi-Fi is the worst Wi-Fi to get on. Amen. Public Wi-Fi is the Wi-Fi for people that target the information in airports, in malls, all these different places. We jump on the Wi-Fi and we First thing we do though, we hit that box. Agree. Check. You know what happens when you check that box? You're giving them permission to do whatever they will with your information. Yeah. Now they'll tell you this is confidential and we not going to do this. No third party. But how do you know that? Next thing you know, your information on the dark web. Everything been messed up and it ain't nothing you can do about it. Why? Because you gave them consent. Oh my. It's just like you buy a car. You go buy a car. You like the car. You walk around. You drive it. Everything is good. They may have told you, you know, your payment is going to be x amount of dollars. You get in the car, you drive off the lot, and and you didn't read the fine print. The fine print says after you drive this car off the lot, it does not hold its value anymore. So, you may be upset and you say, "Hey, you know what? I'mma take it back." You know what they say? Nope. We don't want it. You didn't gave us consent. It's yours now. You got to keep it. Hallelujah. I wonder how many of us tonight, Hallelujah. Haven't read the fine print when it comes to spiritual things and you've given the devil right to mess up your house, mess up your children, mess up your mind, mess up your body, remember everything I just named, he called back to God in Job's life and said, "I can't touch it. Oh, you say I know some of y'all thinking, "Oh my, we just come through a storm. We got to go through another one." Hallelujah. But we look at it, church, and we look at the word consent. And you know, before I go any further, let's deal with the man at the pool right quick. Everybody all right? Now, this man had an infirmity for 38 years. He was carrying this thing for 38 years. But in him, now now I want you to listen to me real good. Him carrying that sickness for 38 years while at the same time seeing the angel trouble the water. Can you imagine seeing God in your midst and every time you almost there something takes it away from you? Can you imagine? Hallelujah. Coming to Bethl tabernacle and the Holy Ghost fall. Then the devil comes in and say something to you in your mind and deter you from what you're about to receive. And you do that over and over and over and over again. And ain't nothing wrong with the angel. The problem is with the one carrying the sickness. The angel comes faithfully every season and touch the water and this man gathers up his sickness, tries to get there and somebody says, there's a commercial I like. It's on it's on it's on YouTube. It's all over the place. I I think it's State Farm. I can't remember. But it's a old man. And as soon as you get You got to do better than that. Imagine if the enemy had power over your life like that. As soon as you get there, he snatch it away and say, "You got to do better than that, church." Hallelujah. This man carrying this infirmity. I'm sorry, cameraman. I You know me. I I think I supposed to be up here, but you know, I ain't a poor bit preacher. Hallelujah. See, what you fail to realize when I come here, I have consent. Hallelujah. This is one place, hallelujah, I can consider to be home where I didn't get in the pull pit handcuffed. Hallelujah. I'm not worried. Brother Jason, don't tell me, "All right, brother, don't hit this and don't hit that." What he's saying is take your liberty you at home. What is he doing? He's giving me his consent. What kind of consent for me to be as wild and radical as God will let me be. Hallelujah. Now, I don't get that everywhere I go. Hallelujah. Sometimes preachers, they, you know, they'll say, "Brother, take your liberty." You know, but then there are some, hallelujah, where my liberty is too much and they'll say, "Brother, obey God now. I know what that mean. Hallelujah. I know what that mean. We We don't know what you might do. So just be careful, brother. Hallelujah. See, you know when somebody has given you consent or not, you know, and I've been Chris, I began to think about this. You know, we had something in the states a couple years ago. It was called a meto movement. And that whole thing was about what? consent. Men took advantage of women. Women both ways. Women took advantage of men. See, JD, they don't believe the men can have a me too movement. I've been taking advant Oh my god. H. But nowadays, we're in a day where women are just as much aggressive as men and dirty and nasty. Oh, let me let me move on. Let me move on. Let me move on. Hallelujah. But when we think about it, the Me Too movement was all about consent. And now it is that women coming up from out of their past 10, 15, 20 years later, putting men on blast say, "Well, he," you know how they did Bill? Bill was a pill dropper. Say, "Bill was dropping blue pills in people drink." And the women say, "I didn't give him consent." No matter how much money he had, he had to pay for not having that person's permission. 20 years later, oh my. And what's so sad, some of us are paying for things 20 years later because you didn't give consent. Oh my. But this man at the pool, he he sees the waters troubled. Now, even the prophet of God said it don't say what kind of sickness he had, but he was strong enough to get up and try to get to the pool. We don't want to just be strong enough to come to church. We want to touch the blessing. Hallelujah. We want to receive the blessing. Hallelujah. We want to become one with the blessing. Hallelujah. When we leave the porch, when we leave the porch tonight of Bethl Tabernacle, we should be able to say, "Hallelujah. I was in the water." I didn't just see it move. I didn't saw that for 38 years. But tonight, I got in the water. Hallelujah. Oh, hey. Tonight I got in the water and I was affected by the moving of the angel. Hallelujah. But look this man, hallelujah. He see the angel come jump in the water and he pick up all of his sickness and he tries to get there and somebody jumps in. Can you imagine? Can you imagine, Sister Watkins? Hallelujah. You almost there and somebody jump in before you, look at you and say, wink at you. Yeah, I don't know about you, but that make me want to fight. You know I needed this and you going to jump in before me and then once you get it, you going to wink at me. This means war. This means I'm watching that pool 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Cuz you know why? I ain't going to let you do that to me again. That's what we should be saying to the enemy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I seen your spirit move, but I didn't take advantage of it. But tonight, this means war. I will not leave out of here without getting dipped in the water. Too often we experience the anointing. We experience good worship. But when it's time to be changed, we continue to carry our sickness. But look, this man now, he sees the water trouble. He notice it, but he can't get there. So he goes back to being what he was, sick, carrying the sickness, waiting on another season. My but then this day in the porch. Hallelujah. The angel of angels come in. Hallelujah. Church, you don't have to wait to find just a good quote in the message before you receive your healing. I'm here to say that the angel of angels is here. Hallelujah. He's the one that sent the angel to trouble the water. And now we have access to the angel himself. But the problem is, will you give him consent? Hallelujah. Oh my. But look, the angel of angels, the Lord Jesus comes to the pool. And you know what, Sister Y? This is what we have to realize. When Jesus stepped his first foot, hallelujah, on the porches, hallelujah. When he stepped on that porch, everything, everybody in that pool on those five porches, whatever they needed, he was that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said they say they were impotent, blind, hallelujah, mold, sick, whatever they was, what everybody needed was wrapped up in Jesus. Hallelujah. Brother D, what are you saying? I'm saying tonight if you could just respond to him, everything you need is sitting at your pool. When Jesus stepped up to the pool, Jehovah Rafa was there. When he stepped up to the pool, Jehovah Gyra was there. Jehovah Ni, the one who fights my battles, he was there. Everything this man, Halu, who was sick for 38 years, everything he needed, his deliverance was right there. Amen. When Jesus stepped on the scene, we talking about consent. Jesus starts to talk to him. First thing Jesus asks him is, "Will thou be made whole?" He's God. He can do whatever, but he ain't going to do it without your permission. Let's go to Mark the 6th chapter. Everybody all right, sir. Mark chapter 6. Y'all know I ain't going to be long. I'm about to close. And we've heard it so many times that God is not a brute. He's a lover. Hallelujah. Therefore, he's not going to force himself on you. He wants a full surrender. Hallelujah. Oh my. You know, it's like getting into a fight with somebody who has a skill level way above yours. And you come out to fight and that person know he's going to drag you through the mud. And they might even ask you, "Remember before we do this, you wanted it. You wanted this whipping you about to get because I know my skill level is is head and shoulders above yours. But you still want to fight me. Now if I break your arm, you ask for it. Church, y'all know that's how we should be talking to the devil. That's right. Hallelujah. He mess up your house, mess up your your your your your body and different things. Hallelujah. When you go into prayer, you ought to say to the devil, "Now I was minding my business, honey, but you going to come to my house and do this. Now you ask for what you about to get." Hallelujah. Oh my. I feel my helper coming out. Feel good. Hallelujah. Oh my. Oh my. Listen, I said Mark chapter 6, right? Listen right here. Uh let's just start at verse one if we can. Mark 6 and1 the Bible says that he went out from then and came into his own country and his disciples followed him. Next verse. And when the Sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogues and many hearing him were astonished, saying, from whence had this man these things? And what wisdom? Now look, they're saying, "And what wisdom is this, which he giveth unto him, that even such mighty works are wrought by his hands?" Keep going. Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James and Joseph, a and Judah, and Simon, and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended. They were offended at what? His wisdom. Amen. Amen. You know that still happens today. You give people Bible wisdom and they I won't do it. Let me do what I want. Let me You know how young people say, "Mom, dad, let me go through my own struggle. I need to experience it for myself. All right. All right. Go on out there and get beat up then." What they doing is they asking for your consent to get whoop up by the devil. And I'm sorry. I ain't one of them parents that going to say, "Okay, now I ain't going to let you destroy my peace, but I tell you, go just leave me alone." Then I go pray for them. Hallelujah. What we ought not to be doing is, well, if they predestinated, they going to come anyway. That's all right. But what about all the things in between that before their awakening? Hallelujah. That's when you ought to be praying. Hallelujah. Because they're going to give consent to things, hallelujah, that they shouldn't. Hallelujah. But if you on the other end praying, Hal, God say he's given us the power to bind and to loose. Hallelujah. You have the power to snap the devil's hand back. Hallelujah. I ain't waiting on no millennium and all these things to claim my child. Hallelujah. I'm claiming them right now. Well, they predestinated. That's you just being wishywashy. Get on your knees and cry out for that child. Hallelujah. Oh my. Give me the next verse. But Jesus saith unto them, "A prophet is not without honor, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house." Oh my. and he could there do no mighty works. Now this was the same Jesus, hallelujah, in spirit created the worlds. Hallelujah. That same Jesus, hallelujah, in spirit that only lets the waves of Buford, South Carolina come in so far and back back up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's controlling everything. But in this verse, he can't do nothing without consent. He said, he said he could not do mighty works saved. He laid hands. He laid his hands upon a few sick folk and healed them. Next verse. And he marveled because of their unbelief. Now God is all knowing. He knows everything. All power in his hand. But if there's unbelief, he can't touch you. Why? Cuz you haven't given him consent yet. My Now, in that moment, everything that the children of of of Nazareth, all the people of Nazareth, everything they needed was right there in Jesus. Just like the man at the pool of Bethesda, everything he needed was in Jesus. But what does he do? God says, "Will I be made whole?" He say, "Well, I ain't got I ain't got nobody to put me in the water." God ain't ask him that. I've been sick 38 years. God ain't ask him that. I ain't quick enough to get God ain't asked him that. All God wanted was consent. We take God all the way around the mountain when all he want is a yes. Will you give him a yes tonight? All he want is a yes. And once he gets a yes, your problem is his problem. Now reason why I title is does he have consent? because you're either giving it to God or to the devil. Listen, this is one of my favorite messages, Matt. Hallelujah. The fundamental foundation of faith. Listen what the prophet of God says. Everybody all right? Hallelujah. He says, "Now Satan by his laws of sin." You mean to tell me sin has a law? Amen. Satan by his laws of sin. So Satan has rights to the laws of sin. Oh my. You say, "Belie, what you mean law?" It's just like coming down here. The speed limit was 70. Holy. Anything over that, I want to say you're breaking the law. But in my case, JD is a grace period. I ain't going to give the devil consent to write me no ticket. So, I'm going work it for my good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Some of us drive like we on the autobond. My car say 220, so I should be able to do 220. You've given yourself consent to die. You giving yourself consent to get in a crash. And in some of our cases, we giving you you giving your car consent to blow up. No, that car shouldn't be doing no 220. Hallelujah. But look, look, law sin has a law and that law belongs to sin. The law of sin belongs to who? The devil. He says, "Now Satan by his love I feel like I'm running out of time." He said, "Now Satan by his law of sin and death makes everything that sin and death brought operate." So once you once you hallelujah fall under the law of sin, then you become under the hands of the enemy because sin belongs to him. So he has the power to make you do what you don't want to do. Because you're operating under that law. Hallelujah. That's just like me. I go I go someplace and and I and I break the law and I say, "Uh, let's just I just got back from Canada. I did something in Canada." And they say, "You broke the law." And I say, "It's all right in America." You know what they're going to tell me? You ain't in America. Put your hands behind your back. Hallelujah. And that's what we're trying to do. Hallelujah. We want to live like Luther in his day. We want to live like Wesley in his day. We want to live like, oh man, you know, we got gifts and all these things. Yes. All of that is a part of it. Hallelujah. But church, we want to operate in what's been given to us. And all of it. Yeah. Look, he says, "And Satan sends Oh my." He said, "Satan sends cancer." The man recognizes it and receives it. How many ever went to the doctor fine and you got there and say, "Oh, we seen a lump so and so a place this and that." You you wouldn't even think about no lump when you went to the doctor that morning. But you went there and the doctor say we seen a lump X Y Z over here on your chest or your breast wherever on your neck we seen a lump and we need to do some X-rays. Now right there in that moment it doesn't have life yet. It's just something that the doctor sees. It could be too much lotion. It could be a piece of soap that you didn't get off and it didn't dry it up or it can be a big chunk of dirt, but the doctor's going to interpret it according to his knowledge. And he says, "Hey, Debbie, that lump and that blah blah blah is uh we need to do some test." And you say, "Okay, all right. Do your test. Everything still is good." Hallelujah. But then you come back for your results and they say, "Oh, that lump we saw, it was cancerous. It still ain't alive yet. Still ain't alive yet." You know what happened? It's still in thought form. It's still just a bird flying over your head. It has no power. It can't make you sick. It can't even operate. Why? Cuz you hadn't received it yet. Hallelujah. Amen. But once you once they say you got cancer, we need to operate. This is why XYZ take these pills. Set up the chemo. Once you receive it, you gave it consent. Hallelujah. To operate under the law of what it is, the law of death. Hallelujah. Oh my. But what happens if you see it and then you say, "I don't have it." You cast it down. You don't give it consent. So therefore, it has no entry point. Hallelujah. See, I know right now what we're dealing with is a little bit of demonology. Hallelujah. Because we let the enemy know that we know how you operate. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's right. He said we s cancer. You recognize it, receive it. Satan sends heartache. We recognize it and receive it. Now the question is, what has the devil sent to you? You recognized it and received it. Any sickness in this room, if God hadn't allowed it for your growth and you received it under the law of sin and death, it's there to destroy you. But then he goes and he says, "If Satan by his power can make the laws work in man, how much more of God with his power?" Hallelujah. How much more the law of God should be able to work just like you receiving a note of cancer or or or an X-ray of of of this or x-ray of that or sugar in your blood all these things and you receive it. H how many knows that your body is supposed to have sugar in it? Now, I'm not talking about the magnitude to make you sick, but I'm saying hallelujah. Our bodies produce what? Insulin. Hallelujah. What turns it into diabetes? You receiving the thought of it. Hallelujah. Now, I know when we get to talking about stuff like this, what the enemy starts saying is, "Well, brother D, you don't understand my situation. I'mma call you the man at the pool. Amen. Cuz Jesus asked one question. Will thou be made whole? He asked for your excuses. He ain't ask for no X-ray that you got last year, 10 years ago. He asked one question. If you can receive that, why not receive me? Receive who I am. Receive Hallelujah. the power that I bring when I step in the room. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's just that easy. Hallelujah. First, the brother of God say first is just a thought. He say what makes it alive when you receive that thought. When you receive that thought, you give it life to operate according to whatever it is. Hallelujah. But as long as you cast it down, the Bible says resist the devil and he'll what? Flee. Hallelujah. This ain't rocket science, church. is just simple hallelujah simple ordinary faith in God. Look he says if Satan by his laws be sure and us recognize it how much more ought God through his children to make make his laws be recognized among his people of divine healing revelation power gifts manifestation. Now he named the things that Satan laws operate under. And now he comes and name the things that God's laws operate under. He said we should be able to receive of God. Hallelujah. In divine healing that's in God's law, revelation, God's law, his power, God's law, his gifts, God's law, manifestations of the spirit. Those are the things we should be able to operate in when we receive God. when we give God consent. Amen. Oh my church, it's is it's I don't I don't I don't want to take it lightly, but God has made the way plain for us. And all I said this earlier, all he want is a yes. Jesus walks up. He says, "Will thou be made whole?" All he had to do was say, "Yes, Lord." and it would have been over. But he go way he dolly parting way around the mountain when he come way around the mountain as soon as he would have said yes. Now he got to that point. But how many of us talk about the devil before we receive what we ought to in God's presence? He in God's presence giving credit to his sickness. In one place, Jesus was doing some powerful things and he had to ask the church, "Believest thou this?" Because it wasn't going over like it was supposed to. All he wanted is spiritual consent. All he want is your permission. Hallelujah. All he want is you to say, "Okay." Now, listen what I hope y'all don't mind. Hallelujah. Listen. He says, "So when you feel that you got a stubborn spirit, uhoh, stubborn spirit, you know, the Bible say stubborn is as the spirit of witchcraft." You know how you you mama, daddy, I they get on my I ain't doing nothing. You be careful because in the spirit with that stubborn spirit, you on a broom with a long nose and a pointy hat, witchcraft, my listen. So when you feel you got a stubborn spirit, now I just love how simple the prophet make things. Oh my. Look, what I'm about to say don't require a prayer line. All it requires is consent. So when you feel you got a stubborn spirit, lay the thing on the altar and believe God that that thing is dead and you'll never have it anymore. He said lay it on the altar, give it to God and then he says you'll never have it anymore. But the thing is, hallelujah, brothers, we lay things down. Hallelujah. And then later on we pick it back up. Amen. Amen. The father of God say, "Your healing will last as long as you believe in it. Your salvation will last as long as you believe in it." Amen. Amen. As long as you give God consent. Hallelujah. Oh my. He says, "Go, go on and don't even pay any attention to it no more." and the thing will leave you. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. That's get he says get away quickly. Oh my, the devil get away quickly. He say so hallelujah will be my advice how to overcome. He said that's his advice on how to overcome. Just give it to God, lay it on the altar and don't even think about it no more. Amen. You said, "Really? Really, Brother Diggs?" Amen. Is it that easy? Amen. Whatever you fighting tonight. Hallelujah. You know, when you go places, they say, "Uh, would you mind doing a survey?" You know, uh, five is the highest. Some places 10 is the highest. If the service was good, you don't even have to think about it. You just go 10 all the way. You don't even ask the question. 10 all the way down if it was good. But if they didn't treat you right, you going to read through every question. You going to read through every question and make sure you get him what's on your mind. But if the service was good, you ain't reading nothing. You just enter. But they didn't do something right. Was customer service up to your standards? two and don't let the food be nasty. Zero. Will you refer? Will you refer someone to this place? If not, explain. You're like, "Honey, you out the box. I just got a lot to say. Do you have that email?" When something has done you wrong, hallelujah, you pay more attention to your response. But when it's good, you just go with it. You appreciate it. Hallelujah. Church, why do we have so much handcuffs on God when all he's been is good? All he's been is faithful. Why we Hallelujah. Why are we all so reserved when it comes to God when he's been a blessing to us, church? If we examine God yesterday, h everything should be 10 today because he's been nothing but good to us. Now, when it comes to the devil, one, he should never get a 10 except for do you want him to die? 10. Do you want him to leave you alone? 10. Hallelujah. Church, when it comes to God, hallelujah, we should be showing God, you have my consent. Lord, I love you. Have your way with my life. But we be on reserve. Listen what the prophet of God says. Don't get nervous. I ain't be too much longer. I might say that about five more times. Hallelujah. Listen. Amen. He says, "So God has a way for us. God loves his children. He loves his people." Now this this is something. Now you think about what you holding back from God. God loves his children. God loves his people. He wants to help them. Now listen to this. He wants to help you more than you want help. Amen. Anybody struggling with anything? Whatever you struggling with, God want to take it from you. Hallelujah. Whatever you need help with, God want to help you more than you want help. All he want is a yes. All he want is get in. All he want is Lord, please help me. That's all he want. That's all that's all God want. God don't want no explanations. Lord, but I did this and you know and and last year and you know during co you know I took the virus so I still can't move my arms in church and clap. Lord have mercy. What kind of virus you talk? But we come up with all kind of excuses and all God want is consent. He wants to help us more than we want help. church. That's why by God's grace, I try to be faithful with my tithing. Hallelujah. Because I want his help. Hallelujah. More than I need it. Hallelujah. That's right. Hallelujah. Oh my. Not only just in that area, but prayer and and even just coming to church, giving God praise. I I I I didn't want to I didn't want to hear this, but since I'm here, I'll go ahead. When Tony stopped singing, hallelujah. Lord, send your praise pour over me. When he stopped, was no more music going. When he stopped, you couldn't hear no more voices. Everybody like this. This ain't American Idol. This ain't The voice. What that? What that the other one? uh uh got talent. We come here and worship because God's been good. Hallelujah. We're not trying to outdo one another, but we want to give God the praise that he deserves. Hallelujah. Oh my. See, brother Jason, I think I think we get that part mixed up. His job is to lead us into worship, not be the only one worshiping. Hallelujah. Church, I went to a I I brother Jason, which one it is? Is it church church of God in Christ or the other one? One of the two. You know, they got the same name. Church of God of Christ, Christ of God of Church, whatever it is, Church of Christ. But I went to one of them because a friend of mine was a pastor. So I went there. They don't believe in instruments. Church of Christ. They don't believe in instruments. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Giving me consent. Hallelujah. But church, I went there and they started to sing. All they did was had hands clapping in a tambourine. And it was so refreshing that they weren't relying on instruments. They weren't relying on musical gifts, but they were just lifting their voices unto the king. Hallelujah. churches. I looked around, everybody was singing. You know why? Because they didn't have something else to lean on. Now, our musical instruments are good. The Bible says we're supposed to use it. Hallelujah. Worship uh skillfully. Hallelujah. With those instruments, but church, it's not a crutch. If the lights go out, can we still worship? Hallelujah. I bet you Oh my. I bet you don't have the piano. Hallelujah. in your car when you going down the road. I bet your song come on. You sing then. I bet you going to be there. No, we can hear you. Whoever in the car can hear you. Listen, he wants to help you more than you want help. If you can just get that in your heart that God is more willing to help you than you are to help yourself. Oh my. All he want is consent. But he has a way and that's the only way. Oh my Jesus. That's the only way of God. My It's something I want to get to and then I'm gonna get out your way real quick. The prophet, he preached a message called door and a door. You know that whole message was about what? Consent. Cuz he say we accept the Lord. How many of us in here are saved? He said you accept him as savior but I want to accept him as lord. What is the lord? Main reason why I didn't go in the military cuz brother told me he said brother digs I was young then. And I guess brother J he can kind of see my character. I wasn't I was kind of rough around the edges. Kind of wasn't really filled with the spirit. But I was in church though and he came up to me. Hey, he was retired military. He said, "I heard you you getting ready to go." "Oh, you want to go?" I said, "Yeah, yeah, I think I think I'm going to go and do it. I think I'm going to go and do it." He came up to me, Debbie. He said, "Hey, look, one thing I want you to understand, when you get in the military, you are government property." He said, "You are government property. When they say eat, you eat or you don't eat." He said, "When they say sleep, you sleep or you wake up the next day tired." He said, "When they say come, you come or you pay the penalty." As he was talking to me, I think I was built balding up my fist. I knew I wasn't military um um whatever you call it material. Yeah. He said, "I got to do it when they say do it." Yeah. You do it or you going to pay some prices. And I'm like once he told me that from that point I dodged recruiter I was supposed to go take the test and sign up everything ready to go take the test all that after that I start running from them because I wasn't willing to give consent for somebody to control my life better more than me and that's why a lot of people don't have the Holy Ghost because you don't want to give God consent to control your life more than you. That's what the Holy Spirit is. Hallelujah. You give God consent to control your thoughts, to control your body, to control your appetite. You give God consent, hallelujah, to control your eyes, what you watch, what you look at, control your ears, what you listen to, and how you interpret it. tell you some people don't want the Holy Ghost because it's too dominating. But when we give him consent, everything that he is is now in you. Now that's the part to shout about. Hallelujah. All of his power in you. All of his grace in you, all of his faith in you. Think about that. The prophet of God said the the Hallelujah. He said the faith that created the world is in everybody filled with the Holy Ghost. That's right. Oh my. Hallelujah. Before I go, we want to put our foot on the devil's neck. So you can't be saying, "Oh, the devil made me do it." No, he didn't. You gave him consent. Satan can't make you do nothing. I'm gonna say it again. The devil can't make you do nothing until you let him in. Listen. He says, I said, "Well, that's up to them. I don't know." He said, "But I said, you never know. No matter how much you scream, how loud you scream, how much you pray, that devil's got a legal right to stay there. He's operating under his rights. Now the question is, have you given him permission? He's got a right to stay there. Not only that, but if you supposed to have done something and didn't do it, he has a legal right of disobedience. Amen. We go through some things simply because we're disobedient. What? Hallelujah. What was one of the first operations under the law of sin? It was disobedience. God told them, "Don't touch it or you going to die." And they touched it. What was that? Disobedience. Disobedience does what? It gives the devil consent. Amen. He said, "Then you know well to stop for the cure and and confess your sins and any times he says faith will move but not when he's got a legal right." Hallelujah. Satan knows what his rights is and what he has got a right to. That's right. Clean yourselves up before God and come before him pure and holy. Ask then. So, brother D, what are you saying? I'm saying tonight, whatever's going on in your life is not a secret to God. And it's not a secret to the devil cuz he's standing there knowing his rights. Hallelujah. But once you confess that thing, once you tell the enemy, you know what? I will not be depressed anymore. Amen. That spirit got to lift up. It got to lift up. Hallelujah. It's just Hallelujah. You knowing what you have. Remember the story in the Bible, the book of Exodus. He says, "For everyone not under the blood, the firstborn of that house will die." Hallelujah. If you didn't apply the token of the blood, hallelujah, you gave the death angel consent to come in your house and kill somebody. Why? Because you that house wasn't under the blood. But what if the devil didn't have consent and you covered by the blood? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What if tonight everybody in here is under the blood? We covered. Amen. The death angel comes to your door. Whether it's sickness, diabetes, depression, whatever the law is, hallelujah, of sin he's trying to operate under. Once you put it under the blood, now the angel of the Lord is standing at your door. Amen. Hallelujah. The angel of God is standing at your door now. And when the devil comes looking for an entry, that angel is standing there and say, "You will not. This house doesn't belong to you. This is my house. This is the house of the covering of the blood. This is a repented house. This is a Holy Ghost filled house. This is a house of the manifestations of the spirit. Hallelujah. Of power, of love, of gifts. Hallelujah. This is God's house." That's right. And that angel looks at the the Hallelujah. the backsliding angel that's come to take something from you. Hallelujah. That angel looks at him and say, "Now get out of my presence before I destroy you." That's right. That's what happens when you've given the right one consent. Come musicians. Come musicians. Come musicians. Church. Even though he was God, he couldn't help them because he needed consent. Even the man at the pool, God couldn't help him until he gave him a yes. And it's the same thing with us tonight. Hallelujah. You take your burden or whatever it is, you bring it to the Lord, but you bring it there, releasing it unto God. Say, "Lord, I'm tired of struggling with this. I'm tired of struggling with that. From this point on, Hallelujah. Remember, we'll receive him as savior, but not as lord. We receive him as healer, but not as lord. We receive all the joys and all these deeds that God has to offer. But what about ownership? Will you let God hallelujah move into your vacant property tonight? Hallelujah. Maybe your property ain't vacant. Maybe you got a squatter in your house. Somebody who's there walked in your house without your permission. H. You know, you can come in that house with the law or you can pull out your own weapon. Amen. Amen. And you can force him out. Hallelujah. Don't let the enemy just stay there because he's there. That don't mean he has a right. Challenge him first. Hallelujah. If you know you've been trying to live for God all you can and maybe you slip up, you this, you that. Remember the prophet of God say, "Hallelujah." He said that a righteous man is not a sinless man. And we're not making excuses for sin. But what makes him righteous is he refuses to stay in that condition. So he constantly gives God, "Lord, I need your help. Lord, I need your help." Well, somebody say tonight, "Lord, I need your help. Lord, I give you consent, Lord, to control my thoughts. Lord, I give you consent to control my worship. Lord, I give you consent to live in my heart, to dominate me, with your spirit, your power, your presence. I give you consent, Lord, tonight. I approve. I agree. I permit for you to have your way with me. Do Jehovah Gyra. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father, we love you tonight and we thank you for being all that we need, Lord. And Lord, the the question is, does he does does he have consent? But now we want to say, "Do you have consent?" We're not even thinking about the enemy anymore. Lord, we strip him from all his rights and we apply the token of the blood right here, right now. We accept you as our Lord and Savior, Father, that you could dominate us naturally, spiritually, Lord, Lord, in all that we do, Lord. Let our cravings be the cravings of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Lord, we got young people here. Lord, may have given consent through social media, watching the wrong thing, listen to the wrong thing, but Lord, help them to make their mind up right now and close that door to the enemy. Take away his consent and give it back to you, God, for a purging, a cleansing, a cleansing of spirit, Lord. Lord, and even as adults, Lord, we have things of our past that are chasing us. Lord, today, tonight, we'll turn around and tell the enemy, "I'll no longer run from this, but I'll meet it toeto toe. I've given God consent to be my deliverer." Lord, have your way with us, Lord. Forgive us for our sins and trespasses, Lord. the areas of our life that no one else sees but you that may be Lord a little salty a little starchy or stench your nostrils Lord we want to be more like you in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ Lord we give ourselves away in your name we pray church say amen Amen. Hallelujah. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah. [Music] Amen. My pro. You are more. You are more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah, you're my healer. By your stripes I am [Music] still hold. [Music] [Applause] You are with me. You provide. You all oh mighty. [Music] You are more. You are more than enough. So so much more than enough. You are gather to the front just sing for me for me. Come on. Come worship me now. Gather Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra. Is he your provider? My pro. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah. Oh, could we raise our hands now? If we need healing, he's here. You're my healer. By your stripes. Byes. By your stripes. Yes, Lord. Oh, set free. Jehovah, Jehovah. [Applause] You are with me, Lord. You are with me. You supply all my needs. Oh, Lord Jesus. Anything we have need of me. Oh, you are more. You are more than enough. So, so much more than enough. You are more than enough for for me. Let's give the Lord Jesus a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Appreciate that sermon. How many was ministered to tonight? My goodness. Thank you, brother Diggs. Amen. I was thinking the whole time you were preaching that sermon, doors and door. Brother Brandon preaches that key to the door, door and a door. And and I always love how he talks about that painting that he's seen and he's he's takes this the text is Revelations 3. Behold, I stand at the door and knock and if any man hear my voice and uh and open the door, I'll come in and suck with him. And brother Brandham seen that picture of that painting and here's Jesus on the outside knocking on that door. And and the prophet is looking at there and he tells the story how the you know he said there's no latch there's no door handle on the door and he said no you're you're seeing it wrong the artist said actually the door handle's on the inside of the door he's not going to force his way in you've got to let him in. Amen. You got to give him consent. How many just want to give him consent tonight? Say Lord. Amen. Any door you want to come into. Amen. He's a gentleman. He's not going to force his way in. We got to give him consent. Amen. We want to take up the needs here tonight. We have from Sister Melissa. This is uh please pray for my mother. She's in the hospital facing surgery for colon cancer. That's for sis from sister Melissa. Um brother Mark Carter. I am having a really bad allergic reaction to something I came in contact with today. I'm suffering pretty badly. I would sincerely appreciate your prayers. Want to remember brother Mark, brother Kevin Smith. a request for Pam McNair as our victim's advocate. She was diagnosed with stomach cancer. She's scheduled for surgery at the end of the month if we could keep her in prayer for her complete healing. Amen. How many believe that he's still Jehovah Rafa? Amen. He can meet those needs tonight. Maybe you just want to Amen. remember something. Maybe by an uplifted hand, you just want to raise it to the Lord. And why don't you put your arm over on that person. Amen. Next to you. Brother Diggs, if you could come now, we'll take up these needs that's been written down for Brother Mark and also um Sister Melissa's mom with colon cancer. Amen. A lot of needs here for cancer. Brother Diggs spoke on that so specifically. Wasn't no accident. Amen. And also this Pam McNair with with um stomach cancer. Why don't you come, brother Digs, and pray for these needs and also the uplifted hands. Amen. Come on. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father God, as we approach you, Lord, Lord, we want to approach you like the scripture says, first believing that you is, Lord, you are everything that we stand in need of, Lord. So, we apply our faith, Lord, into that scripture, Lord, knowing, Father, that if we need healing tonight, you are our healing. Yes. Whether it be deliverance, Lord, strength, Lord, all these different requests, Lord. Father God, you are our Jehovah Gyra, Lord. And Lord God, and the prophet of God say, if we could just believe you the same in power and in principle, we can receive that in which we've already seen you do, Lord, because you don't change. So, Lord, we lay these requests before you, Lord. And Lord, I stand here as a manifestation of healing through cancer. Lord God, that if you did it for me, Lord, all it takes is just receiving it what you've already done. Lord, in these different requests, Lord, the counselor doesn't even have life unless we receive it. So Lord, we pray Lord that you give each and every person courage to stand on your word and tell the devil, "No, you don't have free entry into my body. You don't have free entry into my stomach." Whatever type of cast it may be, we bind it right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, you see the different hands lifted to you see the different knees within our hearts. Lord, we just want to approach you, Lord, knowing that you are, Lord. You are the answer to that need, Lord God. And we pray that you would refresh us in this moment, Lord. As the waters are being troubled, the angel of angels is here, Lord. You've already sent the angel to trouble the water, but now the angel of angels is here. And all you want is consent. All you want us is just give you a simple yes on tonight saying that we won't take this thing beyond the doors of the church, but we'll lay it on the altar. Lord, you said we lay it on the altar. It'll be done away with right there in that moment. Just forget about it. So Lord, we lay it into your hands, in the hands of our maker, our savior, but most of all our Lord. Lord, we give you total preeminence tonight in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Every that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Sing that now. I love you, Lord. You have led me. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I know you as a father. [Music] I know you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh my life. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I have, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after. running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after, running after me. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. telling that now on. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am. [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] For his goodness. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Amen. How many has a testimony? Anybody here want to share one? Brother Brad, you pass that back to brother Brad Campbell. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. I just want to give a testimony. It'll be a year um next month for my foot and everything that I've been through and my wife has been through. And um the sermon tonight made me think of something. I I I met this this kooky chiropractor and gave him consent to my demise of some therapy. My foot was almost healed about two months ago completely. I mean, there was like one little tiny scar and that was it. And uh things were going really good and I gave this guy consent and put my feet in some water and he put some electrodes. He said uh it's good for my nerves and and he actually uh damaged my foot again and and the wound size of a baseball took off all my skin on my foot. Uh and I'll tell you what, you talk about PTSD and and and troubling times and for about a week it really did something to me. but it's almost healed again. So, this is a testimony of praise and uh Bo Digs, that was a great sermon. I uh I look kind of back at at my decision personally of giving that doctor who had good intentions consent to do what what he did and the results were were terrible. So, uh, lets everybody know they got to pray and and before they make decisions like that. So, I just want to give God the glory for healing me. [Applause] Anybody else have one? Brother Caleb, I just wanted to give the Lord praise. For about eight or nine months, I was really dealing with just a lot of internal issues. My stomach was just giving me a lot of trouble. and me had went to the doctor and had procedures done and just different things and just really couldn't find any relief at all. And um I just been praying about it and uh probably about three or four weeks ago I just kind of noticed, you know, sometimes the Lord just does things and slowly over time and I just noticed that I was feeling a lot better and it just been little by little been getting better and better and talked to my wife about it last week and the Lord just really touched me in just a special way. So I just want to give him glory for that. Amen. somebody else here by Luther and that back again. So, I'm just uh I work for Ace Handyman and sometimes the jobs will cancel and stuff like that. And this week um had a couple of full days and then um job canceled out. I didn't have anything. And then I had a couple of side people that call once in a while and uh it was just like that job cancelceled, they call me, can you come do this? And so it's just it's a little financial blessing, but it's just those jobs give away and then these jobs come in. I'm just like, thank you. [Applause] We're going to let you go and be dismissed. We'll see you back Sunday morning. Go in the fear of the Lord. Amen. and we'll see you back. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh my And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am faithful, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, [Music]
