################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - 250831-Caleb Campbell:Upon the Mountain of God - Caleb Campbell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   250831-Caleb Campbell:Upon the Mountain of God
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmKPmrXiM1c
========================================

[Music] Is this on? &gt;&gt; I can't hear myself. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let's all stand. [Music] Test. Hallelujah. Let's all stand. Did you come to worship the Lord today? All right. When Jesus made a promise that where two or three are gathered, there he would be in the midst. You believe that this morning? Amen. Let's sing this song. I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] over every heart in every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is &gt;&gt; declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus. [Music] Sing your name. Oh your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Applause] [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, sing it, saints. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over in all anxiety. [Music] To every soul held captive by depression, [Music] I speak Jesus. Sing your name. Your name is power. Oh yes, your name is healing. Hallelujah. Your name is life. Break every stronghold, Lord. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Like a fire. Shout. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh, sing it saints. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every [Music] Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, your name. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Thank you, Lord. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains now. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. [Music] Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness. Over every enemy. [Music] Jesus for my family. Can you say amen? The holy name Jesus. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, [Music] your name is power. Oh yes, your name is. Sing it saints. Your name is life. Come Lord, break every stronghold. Oh Jesus, shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak. I just wanna speak the name of Jesus. Come on, Luther. &gt;&gt; That's right. Over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there's peace. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Ask anything in my name, I'll do it. I have three requests. Brother Mark is sending a request for Sister Deborah Lowry. She's having a lot of pain in her back. And you know, I I've I've experienced a lot of pain in my back. Well, it's just so debilitating. Just shuts you down. and it's just um it's not a good time. Amen. We want to pray for her. Brother Jack is fighting a cold and sister Kathy is having a lot of pain in her legs and um this morning so they won't be here. We want to remember them and the Simmons family is under the weather. They're not here today also. Let's pray. Father, what a consolation that we can call upon you in the name of Jesus Christ. Because Lord, you came down from glory and you took upon you the burden of the sin that was in Eden, the sin that was upon man and you took that away for your children, Father. You paid that price to its fullest. And Lord, we stand here this morning redeemed, washed by the blood. We thank you for that, Father, that we can come boldly before the throne of grace this morning, asking that you would touch our brothers and our sisters that are not feeling well. Father, we remember Sister Deborah Lowry this morning. Father, I lift up the name of Jesus Christ against this back pain. Lord, not in anything of myself, but Father, through your word and your Holy Spirit, we're going to claim the victory for our sister. Father, we remember Sister Kathy today. Lord, we lift her up before you. The things that she's struggling and battling with this pain. Father, nobody wants to say the cancer word, Father. But Lord, even cancer is subject to you, dear God. And Lord, we pray for our brother Jack and for our Simmons family, Father, that you would touch them, Lord. Father, you paid that price for healing, not for us to guess at it, not to so maybe some some other time. I come before you, Father, full of testimonies of your healing touch in my life, dear God. And I pray for them. I pray for those that are here that are not feeling well, that may be battling sicknesses. Father, we just come in the name of Jesus as a body of believers, Lord, knowing that by your stripes, we're healed. That's where we're looking this morning, Father. And we thank you for the price that you paid that you pray that you would bless the service today, Father, continuing in your spirit, speak to our hearts as the song said. Father, move aside all the dark shadows. Move aside all the things that hinder us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Whether it's by our own means or because the devil's attacking us, let that consuming fire of the Holy Spirit, dear God, burn away all these negative things. And as your word said, Father, it's yay and amen. And that's where we're looking. Bless the tithes and offerings. Bless those that are streaming. Lord, help the man that ministers move aside that you could speak and we could receive in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you greet one another this morning? Tell them you love them. God bless you each one. Good to have you here today. Our visitors today, God bless you. Go ahead. Brother Andrew is going to sing us this song. Lead us in this song. The more I trust him, the more I love him. Nothing good for me will deny. The longer I know him, the better I can show him. I wouldn't stop now if I tried. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. It gets sweeter [Music] as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter. As the days go by, &gt;&gt; the moment he saved me, his good grace he gave me. He placed his love down deep in my heart. There's great joy in knowing with him I am going. And ever more from him to depart. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. [Music] He gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Oh yes. The moment he saved me, his good grace he gave me. He placed his love down deep in my heart. There's great joy in knowing with him I am going and never more from him to depart. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. He gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. As the days go by, he gets sweeter. As the moments fly, his love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter. as the days go by. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Is it just me? Because I couldn't hear Andrew on that. Could any of you guys hear Andrew? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Something's wrong with the speaker. And it's not me. All right. Amen. Let's sing. He's the way maker. Did you get that in yet, Zoe? &gt;&gt; All right. One day the sun refused to shine into the sinful life of mine. I prayed both night and day that Jesus would make a way. One day he heard my humble prayer. Then he answered right then and there. One day he made a way for me. Sing it now. Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. One day he made a way for me. know when my life was dark and clear. [Music] Oh yeah, one day he made a way for me. [Music] One day my life will surely end. I'll be fair with two men. Tell me Jesus up upside down people all around. He'll save a child. Well done. Oh my. Your razor's heart. But now it's run. One day he made a way for me. Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. One day he made a way for me. Oh, when my life was dark and free. Oh yes, Jesus turned and he answered my prayer. One day he made a way for me. Sing that first verse again. One day the sun refused to shine into the sinful life of mine. I prayed both night and day that Jesus would make a way. One day he heard my prayers. Then he answered right then and there. One day he made a way for me. Oh Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. Jesus, he's a way maker. One day he made a way for me. know when my life was dark and dre and he answered my prayer. One day he made a way for me. Harmony's grateful for that day. Amen. You can have your seats. Brother John's got a special for us. Let's give Brother John a hand this morning. [Music] Brother Ken requested this. So, Brother Andrew, help me on it. There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful show in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Well, we shall sing on that beautiful show. The melodious songs of the bless. Oh, and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sight for the blessings of rest in the sweet. My and my [Music] we shall meet on that beautiful show [Music] in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Well, now to our bountiful father above, oh, we will offer this triute of praise. Thank you for the glorious gift of your love, Lord. Oh, and the blessings that our days in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by [Music] we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother John. Let's all stand. Let's give the Lord another hand clap of praise. He's worthy. [Applause] Amen. And try a new song this morning. Did you get that in, Sister Zoe? Speak to the mountain. [Music] Hallelujah. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? [Music] My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. Why would I hunger? Why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh my God is so much better than all of these things. I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. know his promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. [Music] It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter. My enemies scatter. Cuz they know the battle is won. Oh yes. Oh my God is stronger. The victory is already won. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Hallelujah. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death, hell and the grave. I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, there's no mountain too high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big, no weapon too strong. There's nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high, no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big, too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. [Music] I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] So I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shen. No sir, I won't be moved. Cuz my God, my God is faithful. Hallelujah. His promise is true. Oh, I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Can you say hallelujah this morning? Hallelujah. Oh yes. Are you ready for the word today? [Music] Amen. I'd like to invite brother Caleb to come sing this little chorus. Word of God speak. [Music] Is that what you're here for today? &gt;&gt; Amen. To hear the word of God. Let it pour down like rain, Lord. Washing our eyes to see your majesty. Hallelujah. [Music] Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain? Washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Oh, let us rest Lord &gt;&gt; in your holiness. Word of God speak full of thy gra. washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Please let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speaks. Would you pour down like rain, washing our eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Please let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. But you poured out like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. [Music] Please let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. You want that this morning. You want the word of God to speak. You want him to flow down like rain. That's my desire this morning. appreciate the worship and uh you know I love those those lyrics from that song brother Kin sang. He said my enemies scatter because they know the battle's been won. Amen. There's no problem too big and I won't be shaken. It said my God is faithful. He's faithful this morning, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. Love that. Good to be in the house of the Lord this beautiful Sunday. Good to have all of you here. Did you come with an expectation in your heart? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if if if you didn't, then have an expectation in your heart. Just let's just forget about the what's out there. Forget about life and just focus on the word this morning. Amen. That's uh that's what I want to do. I want to hear from the Lord. Amen. I didn't come to hear from me. Lord placed this thought on my heart on Friday afternoon. He's just been building it since. So, I'm thankful for that. We just want the the mind of the Lord for service. Amen. It's our desire. Uh turn let's turn in your Bibles to Exodus chapter 3. Want to be praying for all those out of town. There's quite a few away this morning. Uh Pastor Brother Matt preaching those services there in Texas. So we'll be keeping them in prayer. Probably the final service this morning. And pray the Lord give them traveling mercies back home and see any visitors here. God bless you. Amen. Let's just turn to the word. Exodus chapter 3. We're going to take the first 12 verses there. Exodus chapter 3 and verse 1. Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro, his father-in-law, the priest of Midian, and he led the flock to the backside of the desert and came to the mountain of God. I want to focus on that this morning. Came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush. And he looked, and behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt." &gt;&gt; And notice this. And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush. The Lord notices things. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Draw not nigh hither. Put off thy shoes from off thy feet. For the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." Moreover, he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. And the Lord said, 'I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt and have heard their cry by reason of their task masters. For I know their sorrows, and I am come down to deliver them out of the Egyptians. It was God going to do it. And to bring them out of the land unto a good land and a large unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel has come unto me, and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them. Come thou, therefore, and I will send unto thee thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of is Israel, out of Egypt. And Moses said unto God, Who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children out of Egypt of Israel, the children of Israel out of Egypt? And he said, "Certainly, I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee when thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt. Ye shall serve God upon this mountain." I want to take a title this morning upon the mountain of God. Amen. Let's just go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we just thank you, Lord Jesus, for this opportunity, Lord, once again to come into the house of the Lord. Father, we just want to step aside this morning, Lord. We just want the word of God to flow, Lord Jesus, here. May you speak to our hearts, Lord. May you open up the the word to us this morning. May you break the bread of life, Lord God. We just want to remember all those, Lord, that are away and traveling. Be with pastor and brother Matt, Lord. Be with each one, Father. We pray, Lord God. And we just want to enter in now, Lord Jesus. We pray and we ask it all in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you this morning as you take your seats. Amen. Put that over there. Thank you, bro. there. That scripture there in Exodus 3, it's a familiar reading. Amen. This was a time where God was commissioning Moses. Amen. Moses was he was born to accomplish this work. And God was getting ready to send him off. But brother Benham said in the church age book that he could not do the work until he received the gifts which would enable him to do the work. He had to go out into the desert and wait there because God had an appointed time. Amen. And just just some things to notice uh about Moses here in his desert experience. You know, 40 years he had been in Egypt. And just as much life as he spent in Egypt, he lived outside of Egypt. Amen. Another 40 years in in Midian. So see, he had made a life. He he found a wife and he had a family and he became a shepherd. But notice, God never revealed himself to Moses when he had some great position in Egypt. And he never came to Moses when he was out there in the midst of Jethro and all of his family. God waited until he was set apart from all that. Amen. He waited until he was on what the Bible said, the backside of the desert. And notice how it said that he came to the mountain of God. After Moses was commissioned, I want you to notice this morning. After Moses was commissioned to deliver the people and to bring Israel out, after he was given the tools, it was then that he went and he took his family with him. He picked up his wife. He gathered his children and everything he had need of. But while he was in the midst of that pillar of fire, he was set apart. Amen. See, and I just notice there he's how he said he looked and behold the bush burned with fire and how it wasn't consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight. Why the bush is not burnt?" And catch that how the Lord said when the Lord saw that that he turned aside to see God called out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I." He could tell that there was something different about this fire in this situation. There was something supernatural about it, but he didn't try to explain it away. Amen. The Bible just says that he turned aside to see, you know. So, the the supernatural can't ever be explained in our lives. Amen. The supernatural is once you get into the atmosphere of it and and you experience it for yourself. Amen. That's when God calls you by name. Amen. And he gives you a revelation. Amen. And once you have that revelation, there's no uh devil in hell that will be able to take that away from you. Amen. But see, God had equipped him for a purpose and it had to be at an appointed time. Amen. He was equipping Moses for an exodus to to lead his people out of bondage. Amen. And the Lord said to Moses, he said, "I have heard the cry of my people and I am come down to deliver them out of this circumstance." And there was a word of promise in that that it was going to be God that was working through Moses to accomplish this task. Amen. Because it's deliver. Once you get into the presence of that pillar of fire and God calls you by name like he did Moses, he equips you with every tool that you'll ever need to fight the enemy in your life. Amen. The Bible says, brother Benham says in um let us show show us the father. He says we're planted in Christ and we just drink and drink and drink and push out and everything we have need of for the earthly journey. Divine healing, the power of God and all these other things is in the individual in here that's received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. For you're planted in Christ. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost baptism. Yes, sir. and everything you have need of for this life's journey, even the rapture, is in you right then. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and I just I I began to look at this this week and I began to look at the the the life of a caterpillar. You know, when it gets to ready to make its transition, you know, its whole life is preparation for this what they call the metamorphosis. Amen. From the moment the caterpillar is born, it starts eating. And you know that it even eats the egg of its own the the shell of its own egg. Amen. And as it grows, it it finds the right atmosphere. It finds the right kind of leaf. Each kind of caterpillar has to find the right kind of leaf to give it the right kind of nutrition, right? The right nutrients. And it keeps eating and eating. And everything that caterpillar has need of is to take its change is going to be laid within it. Amen. It just needs the right conditions. It needs the right food. It needs the right atmosphere. And I was looking at it the other day. And when a caterpillar is in its egg before it act before it hatches, it actually grows what they call these imaginal discs, which is basically a part about those those imaginal discs. They're these integral parts that it won't actually use until it's a mature butterfly. They they can actually begin to take shape or form in in in some uh in some species mo th those those discs actually can begin to take form before it's a butterfly. Amen. And you know, most caterpillars, they actually have to eat from what they call the host plant. Amen. And and it's because there's certain nutrients in that specific plant that helps it digest. It helps its digestive system properly develop. And and if they don't feed on that plant, they actually have a higher probability, a very high probability of dying. And you know what something amazing about them is is when they take their change and they become butterflies, they will actually lay their egg on that host plant. Amen. Which gives it a better chance of survival when it hatches. Amen. Everything you have need of is already within you. Amen. It's just the word becoming a reality in your life. Amen. I was just thinking spiritually this morning. We're getting ready to take our change. And brother Benham says, "Our goal is to drink and push out and eat, to feed on the world, to push out the world, to stay around the right atmosphere." Because the goal, the whole goal of the life of a caterpillar is preparation for its mature stage in life. Amen. It's preparation for its change. But see, you have to be fed the right nutrients. You have to be in the right environment. Amen. Brother Venom says this in the church age book. He said, "The bride church will mature and her ripeness shall be an identification with her Lord by the means of the word." Amen. And her head who will come to her is the mystery of godliness which indeed is Christ. And he says a little bit further, the true vine with the fullness of the spirit and the word will do the very acts of power that Jesus did just as she nears her headstone. And catch this part. He says, "Becoming like him through the word, Jesus will come that the bride and groom may be forever united as one." Amen. And I thought about the correlation this morning because as that process is taking place in our life and as we're beginning to near our change, as we're beginning to to take upon what what the Lord has called us to be, there's a manifestation of us becoming more and more like Christ through the word. Amen. Brother Benham, he just to use his words as she nears her headstone becoming like him through the word, her ripeness. You know, ripeness speaks of a seed that's been given the right nutrients. Amen. That's been under the right conditions. It's been in the presence of the sunlight. Amen. And he said the bride will mature and it shall be an identification with her Lord by the means of the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I don't want that to sound over complicated this morning. It's just a simple process of you eating the right thing. You eating the right nutrients. You being in the right atmosphere so the Lord can change your life. Amen. So the Lord, you have to eat on that host plant. You have to feed yourself with the right nutrients so the Lord can change you. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You stay focused on the right thing. If that caterpillar gets off focus, if it starts eating other things because it just eats, that's all it knows. So it eats. And if it starts eating the wrong thing, it doesn't have the right nutrients in order for it to take its change. And even if it does take its change, when it does, and it's a caterpillar, it won't survive very long. Hallelujah. Because there's something inside of that host plant that gives it the right amount of nutrients. Amen. And I I thought this was amazing here. He said, when you go and you start looking at the life of a caterpillar, a certain kind of caterpillar, when it eats a certain kind of plant, there's actually something in that plant. And it's actually a poison. But that poison doesn't kill the caterpillar. It doesn't kill the butterfly. It just stays in there and it re it detracts the enemy. It detracts the predator. So there's something laid within you. Oh, it's something that's that's that's going to kill the enemy. It's something that's going to slay every devil in your life. Amen. But you got to feed on the right thing. You got to feed on the body word of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You becoming like the word. you staying in that atmosphere which is Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That it's that defense mechanism. It helps ward off those predators. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Those compounds, they don't hurt the caterpillar. They just lay dormant within their body. Amen. Hallelujah. Compounds of the word of God that are designed to kill the enemy. They're designed to fight against them. Hallelujah. The key is to feed on that host plan. To focus on that so that our change can become a reality. I want my change to become a reality. Oh, I want to eat on the right thing. I want to stay in the right atmosphere. Hallelujah. When God calls me from a mountain that that speaks of elevation. I want to grow. I want to rise higher. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you bring up those quotes, Sister Zoe, just have a few quotes here I want to go through together. found this in a sermon 1963. Brother Brandham preaches a sermon titled look and just kind of follow. Oh man, that's real small. I'm sorry. It says that we have we look for Christ to appear, the same Jesus. He said, "When he was on earth a little while and the world seeth me no more, yet ye shall see me, for I'll be with you to the end of the world." That same one who could direct the word and be the word and direct it right straight to the target. That same Lord Jesus is here this morning in the form of the Holy Spirit to direct our thoughts and focus down. Amen. His word to one true and living God, to one purpose, to one achievement. And if we'll just let him do it, he will focus the word right into a place that'll prove that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said it depends on what you're looking at. The next slide, he says we must focus our lives, not what somebody else says, but focus our lives to him. And he is the word. See, if we get our lives lined up with the word, and watch this, then the word and our life becomes the same. That's my desire. I want the word in my life to become the same. Amen. And when God lives in you, he is able to to get your focus on the right thing and to align your life and his word to go in the same direction. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "If ye abide in me in the next slide, and my word in you, then ask what you will, it'll be granted to you. Verily I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass and you can have what you said. Oh my, not what I said, but what you said you can have because you and he become the same. Amen. &gt;&gt; Slide four, he says, because the mind that was in Christ is in you, and the mind that was in Christ was to fulfill the father's word, which he was the word. There you are. Then you and the word are focused in together. And he says, watch this. You become a living unit of God. How great is that? &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's what I want to become. I want to become a living unit of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He says a little bit further down in that same sermon, the next slide, he says, "But you know where you stand because you've been zeroed in with God." Watch this. He says, "You see," and this is this is pivotal this morning. You see your own life hitting that target just like those apostles did. You live the way they did. You were baptized the way they were. And you see the same results that they seen. You see it operating in you. Amen. You are zeroed. I don't care what the company says. I don't care what the denomination says. You are zeroed because you know that you're hitting that target. Amen. Think of that statement. you're zeroed in and you know your life is hitting that target. Hallelujah. Then you know where you're standing. He says it depends on what you're looking at. If you're looking to somebody else, you'll go that way or you'll go this way. Any little puff of wind will blow you off target. But you can't be blowed off target when you're zeroed in. Amen. You know, when you're driving a car and you're going down the road, if you're looking at the destination of the driver over there, you're never going to get to where you need to go. But if you're looking at where God wants you to be, then you're going to get to where you need to go. It's about where your focus is in life. My focus is I want to become the word because that's the promise for me. &gt;&gt; I want to become like him because that's my promise. Hallelujah. He says, "That's all. There's nothing going to stop it. God carries it just like David's little rock in the sling. It went straight to its destination." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He says here, I think this is the last slide. He said, then he zeroed, ask what you will and it'll be done for you. See, because you have the mind of Christ, then just somehow or another, you seem to know, listen to this, you seem to know the will of God some supernatural way. There there's a moving something in you says, "Go over here and do that. Go down here and do that." See, there's something in you that's always, think of this, there's always hitting the target. just exactly the way it's supposed to be because it's him operating in you. I know I within myself could never get to where he needs me to be, but I know that when he gets in me, he will direct me and he will guide me where I need to go. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Whatever comes your way, Amen. There's a moving in you. You're zeroed in on what he says. Your you and the word are focused in together. Hallelujah. You become a living unit of God. See, because you're anchored to that pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're zeroed in with the word. Amen. The key here this morning, the key is to stay anchored to that pillar of fire. It's to stay close to that pillar of fire. Amen. There there in the book of Numbers, in Numbers chapter 11, you know, I just was reading this this week. And after Moses had led them out of Egypt, Amen. and they were walking through the wilderness. This was when the Bible says that the Lord was leading them by day in a pillar of cloud and then leading them by night in the pillar of fire. Amen. &gt;&gt; And in this chapter, it was actually, my Bible says they were actually on their way to Kadesh Barnea. Amen. That happened a couple of chapters later. And Kadesh Barnea in Hebrew actually means a sacred desert of wondering. Amen. So in a sense this was this was their desert experience. This was their desert opportunity. Amen. This place of wondering. This was supposed to be a turning point in their journey. Finally they were out of bondage and and the promised land was in view. &gt;&gt; But on their way to that place it says that they got tired of the man of fallen like dew. It says the people started complaining. You see, you know, it's usually in those times of of wondering that people start to show their true colors. &gt;&gt; And the spirit among the people says it displeased the Lord. And I wanted to catch something here. It says that he heard their complaining and the fire of the Lord went out to consume them. You can bring it up if you want. Numbers 11:1. And it says, if you catch this verse, it says that those that were consumed were the ones in the uttermost part of the camp. And that word uttermost actually means along the outskirts or the outer part of the camp. So in other words, those that were furthest away from the pillar of fire. It was those that were edging the line of camp, those that were not close to the presence of God. Amen. And that's can happen in your life and in my life when you don't stay close and you don't feed on the host plant and you don't stay in the right atmosphere and you start edging the line a little bit. You get away from that influence. You get away from that atmosphere. You need to stay as close as you can to that. &gt;&gt; Those that weren't close to that presence, you they started getting influenced by their flesh. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's just there's there's something about the atmosphere when you get into that place. you know, they started getting on the outskirts and and they were complaining and it's because it's because their flesh was taking place. But when you can get into the presence of the Lord, you don't think about yourself anymore. You don't think about your needs. You just think about him. Amen. You think about me and him becoming one. I think about how I want to change and be like this presence. I want to live in this place forever. Amen. I want to I want to reside here forever because I know when I get out of this place, Caleb starts to creep back in. Oh, my flesh man starts to creep back in. Oh, the world starts to influence me, but I don't want to be influenced by the world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As you get closer, Amen. It produces a change in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You start to think his thoughts. You start to operate in his channels. Amen. And and it's just the opposite when you allow yourself to live on the edge. Amen. &gt;&gt; And and you know, I'm talking this was God's people. I'm talking God's people this morning living on the edge. There was an influence. Day after day, they were being spiritually sustained by the presence of Almighty God. Mana was falling. Amen. Day by day and it was supernaturally sustaining them. The pillar of fire. I mean, think of it. The pillar of fire by night, a cloud by day. They were around the supernatural. They went to church. They were in that influence. Oh, but something when they got away from that thing, it started to influence their behavior. It started to influence their thought process. It started to influence how they acted. It started to influence how they thought. Amen. &gt;&gt; And think of it, just as they were close to the promised land, just as they were approaching victory, it says that they were on the road to Kadesh. It was so close to becoming a reality for them. The influence of their past started overcoming their vision of the future. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what happens the further you away get away from the presence of God. &gt;&gt; Start to look like those Israelites did. Amen. Spiritual things, they become common. Amen. Amen. Just maybe like then they hardly even have a spiritual walk anymore. Oh, they could have just kept their vision. And there was there was a a group that did keep their vision. There was a couple. Amen. that kept their vision. There was a couple that looked at the same thing that those other spies looked at. Oh, but they saw something different. Hallelujah. They saw something different. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a Amen. There's a lesson in that this morning. Just a few steps from victory sometimes is the the most difficult part of a road that you're walking down comes right at the end. Sometimes the mo the hardest part comes right at the end, right at the threshold of victory. The enemy starts to work our overtime. Amen. To get unbelief to rise in your heart. Amen. And I just I felt inspired this morning just to say that there are going to be some giants that we face in our life. There are going to be some trials. There are going to be some circumstances. Even when you get into that land of promise, they viewed those giants and they knew they were going to have to fight him. Oh, amen. Oh, but they also knew that there was somebody that was greater than them that was going to be fighting for him. Hallelujah. Oh, and I just know that this morning, oh, if you keep your view on the right thing, it doesn't matter what comes your way. It doesn't matter what giant you face. Oh, the he that is greater is he that is in you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Than he that is in the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. Spirit of the Lord will anoint you in that season to accomplish what he has set out to do. Amen. Try to turn a little corner here this morning. The opening verse there in Exodus, it spoke of how it was on Mount Horeb, which is referred to as the mountain of God. Amen. Where God called Moses. And so see mountains in the Bible, they speak of a sac a sacred place. They speak of a place where the divine presence of God can meet man. And naturally it speaks of of elevation. Amen. You know because as we draw closer to God, we are supposed to start operating in an elevated atmosphere. Amen. See, mountains, they speak of a higher place when only where only certain kinds of life can survive and breathe because they're made with something in them that resides. It's able to reside in that higher dwelling. You know, some creatures, they're actually they're crafted to even thrive in that atmosphere because they were created that way. Certain birds, they possess that uh that respiratory system, which it allows for efficient oxygen extraction, which is vital for flying at higher altitudes. Amen. Because when you're flying at higher altitudes, there's less oxygen. So God created them in a way, oh, hallelujah, to be able to breathe efficiently when they're when they're living in those atmospheres. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I never caught this before, but there in um in Genesis 4 when it speaks of there was the four rivers that were that were flowing out of the the Garden of Eden. And you know, just naturally rivers always flow downhill because of gravity. So when God crafted the garden of Eden that there's implication that it was set up on a hill or on a mountain. So it was set upon a place of of elevation. Amen. Ezekiel calls it the holy mountain of God. And those rivers were going to flow out of garden into all the earth. So just as Adam and Eve were created and positionally placed at a place of elevation that that's where God is supposed to that's where God has placed you in a place of elevation where you can operate at those elevated atmospheres. Amen. We're designed to live in those places. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because God wants his word, the rivers of life to flow in you and out into the world. Amen. Just like that. You know, and he doesn't he doesn't he he doesn't just give that out to everybody. He's looking for people that are willing to take their eyes off the world. Amen. That are willing to to live close to that pillar of fire. And I I was thinking about Moses there this when I was reading this and he's looking for those that would humble themselves enough to take their shoes off in the presence of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; They would be a separated people. And when I was looking at that and when the angel of the Lord spoke to Moses through that burning bush and said to him, "Don't don't draw nigh," he said, "don't draw nigh until you take off your shoes, for the place that you stand is holy ground." It was a command that he was giving Moses to be obedient. It was a simple command to but it was a simple a command of obedience because he knew that he couldn't come further until he obeyed that word. Amen. And when you get close to the pillar of fire, there's a holiness that set you apart from the rest of the world. There's a call to come up higher. Amen. But it's an obedience to every word. And what it is, it's a willing obedience because you know that once I get in that atmosphere, Hallelujah. There's a change that's going to take place. Amen. But he calls it for a separation. Amen. Because hallelujah, the fire of God, there's a holiness of God. Amen. It's just inherent in his nature, he's holy. And he knows that if those that get into that presence, if he can't reside in you, that he that you'll perish there in the Old Testament. They were afraid to come on that mountain. They were afraid to even look at that mountain because they were afraid to perish because there's a inherent holiness of God. Amen. And the holiness of God is able to reside in you. That's why we can make mistakes in our flesh, but our soul is baptized into the Holy Ghost and fire. Amen. And we're able to reside in the presence of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thanks be to God. It's a willing obedience. Oh, willingly. I willingly want to s surrender my life. I willingly want to go onto that holy ground. I willingly want to take my shoes off. I willingly want to do whatever you say to me, Lord. Hallelujah. I want to rise up into that mountain of God. Hallelujah. Because I know that it's on that mountain of God that the pillar of fire resides. And he took notice, hallelujah, he takes notice of how you react to the word. He takes notice, hallelujah, of how you react to that presence. He takes notice of how you react to being obedient to his word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thanks be to God. Hallelujah. Brother man, he types that to the Holy Ghost. He said those Israelites, they they came out of Egypt. Amen. And this was their justification. They then they wandered around in the wilderness and in that that was their sanctifying process. Amen. They had the pillar of fire in their camp just a types that brother Bham brings out and they watched the supernatural take place. Bring it to our day. They went to church. Amen. They were around the influence of the atmosphere of God. Amen. But there was there was still something more. Amen. They even they even beheld what the promised land had in view. They even beheld the sight of that promised land. Hallelujah. But there was just a few that had faith enough to enter into that place because, hallelujah, there was an obedience. Amen. When the spies brought those grapes back, Amen. They they beheld and it was supposed to be their turning point. Amen. But there was just a small number that held that faith. See, you can't stay in your wilderness forever. Amen. There's a time for that, and I'm glad for that time. For some people, it takes longer. For some people, it happens like that. There's a time for that. and I'm glad for that time. But they had to move on to their promised land. Amen. There's got to be a moving on to your land. There's got to be a filling in order to claim that inheritance that the promised land had in store. He said, "I have promised you, hallelujah, that there's a land that's filling with milk and honey. And you will possess that land." Hallelujah. But you've got to take faith of that word and you've got to move into that land. See, they saw the glimpse of it, but they never possessed it the way the Lord wanted them to. I want you to take notice of that this morning because the Lord want you to possess it. He wants you to have that. He wanted them to have that. Hallelujah. They got in view of it and he promised it to him. Hallelujah. The difference between, because I don't want that to be unclear this morning, the difference between, Brother Bam makes everything so clear, doesn't he? Amen. The difference between whether or not you're still in the wilderness is that quote we read. Brother Random said, "You're zeroed in with God." And you see that your life is now hitting that target of the word because the person of the Lord is now residing in you. And he's the one leading you. Amen. &gt;&gt; You aren't able to do it, but God is able to do it when he lives in you. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's no there's no I just thought it this morning. There's no more wondering. Oh, there's no more there's no more wondering. Am I still in that place? Am I in the promised land or am I still wondering in that place? Oh, when you when you've reached that point and you've stepped into that promised land, there's no more wondering. You're not in the wilderness anymore. You've got an assurance because you know when you've been sealed out, you can't go back that way. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I can't stay when I'm in the wilderness and I'm wondering, but once I step into that place of the promise, I can't go back. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. when they were in the wilderness. See, they were still susceptible to living on that outmost part of the camp. Amen. Away from the influence of that fire. And a lot of them had a view of Egypt still. They still had a view of Egypt. Amen. And notice, I want you to notice this morning because when from the moment they left Egypt, there was there was fighting. And even when they got into the promised land, there was still fighting. There's still a fight. They still had to go out and conquer the enemy in their land. But see, the the thing was is they were now in a different stage. Amen. They were no longer in the land of wondering in that wilderness. Amen. They were sealed into that place. And when you're sealed into that place, there's a divine revelation that that seats into you from God himself that knows that you're in that place. Hallelujah. Thanks be to God. It's it's a it's a humility to know that I couldn't do this by myself, but I see God residing in me. I see him working in me. Amen. I can't live a holy life, but because you're living in me, Lord, I believe I can live that holy life. Amen. I can't come into that presence. Oh, but now that you're living in me, I believe I can come into that presence and I can reside there. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Bam says this. He says this in birth pains in 1965. He says, "And so it is in the spiritual realm. It's water which is justification by faith, believing on God, receiving him as your personal savior and being baptized. Second is sanctification of the spirit that God cleanses the spirit from all the elements of the world and the desire of the world and then the Holy Spirit comes in and it gives new birth and fills up that sanctified vessel." And he makes this analogy and I just wanted you to have this analogy for the simplicity of it because brother Bennett makes it so clear and he gives this example of a glass and how notice this. He says a glass is laying out in a chicken yard. You don't just pick that up and put it on your table and fill it up with water or milk. No, by picking it that glass up is justification. Amen. Cleansing it is sanctification because it's a Greek word. It's a compound word which means cleansed and set aside for service. But it's not in service. Then when you fill it, Amen. and you put it in service. Amen. Is is the type of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So when you pick it up, you know that's justification which is for the world. Amen. God sent his son. Amen. That whosoever would believe. Amen. But then you wash the cup out and you cleanse it. And sanctified means that you're cleansed and you're set aside. But there's got to come a filling. Amen. Hallelujah. See, and it's what fills you. It's it's the rivers of of of life that fill that cup. It's it's the revelation of the Lord that flows into your life like that river. And now you're able to reside in that elevated atmosphere high upon the mountain. Amen. I hope it doesn't sound like there's some kind of pride in that. There's not. I hope it doesn't ever get seen like that. But what it is is God wants to have a close fellowship with you and with me, saints of God. Amen. But he's a holy God. So there's a channel, a channel of obedience that Moses could stay in the presence of that pillar of fire when he was obedient to his word. Hallelujah. And God wanted him to. And God wants you to this morning. He wants you to be able to reside there. &gt;&gt; He wants to be able to fellowship with you there day and night. Amen. But he knows that if you get into that presence and you haven't been washed clean and filled up with his spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, what it is is a place that you recognize that there's that closer fellowship where that divine river of life can actually live inside your vessel. Amen. Isn't that the place that you want to be this morning? Oh, that's the place I want to be at, friends. Amen. And the Lord, he says, uh, he said, the Lord noticed that he turned aside from the things of the world. Notice it said that Moses turned aside. The Lord called him. The Lord noticed that he turned aside. Then he called him by name. Then Moses came. Then God said, "Take off the shoes." Then he came into that presence. Amen. Amen. The Lord The Lord will notice that we've seen that pillar of fire. Amen. He sent a me He sent a man with a message there like he did there with Moses. Amen. Moses had a message. Amen. I'm going to bring you I'm going to bring these people out of Egypt. Amen. And today, this is elementary, I know, but today we've been given a message. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he placed the sword of the Lord in the hands of the prophet. And you know where he did it? On top of a mountain. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He did it at a place of elevation. Amen. And if you just look at the word and you look at how God works and you look at the the events that took place, you can't see anything else because God works the same way always. Amen. He did it upon a mountain. He placed the sword of the word. Amen. He he he gave you that that that ability to come into his presence. Amen. To come out of the the the system of the world. Amen. Even if you never were in a denomination system, you can sit in a message church and still be in that system. Amen. because you've never come out of sanctification and into the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The message was to come out of bondage. Amen. To come out of the world. To live free from condemnation. Amen. To live in a soaring atmosphere where the rivers of living water can literally flow into your soul and then out into your spirit and then out of your flesh and then we can flow out into the world. Amen. That's the message we preach. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; You know, the next time the next time that Moses came into contact with God on a mountain after that first Mount Horb encounter was a little bit later there in Exodus. He he says that Moses went up to God and the Lord called unto him out of the mountain and he said to Moses, "You have seen what I've done, how I bear you on eagle's wings &gt;&gt; and brought you unto myself." This is this is right out of the word. Isn't that beautiful? How I brought you unto myself. See, see, he continues to speak of these elevated atmospheres. He says, "On a mountain where eagles fly." Hallelujah. And he said, "If you just obey my voice," oh, if you just obey my voice and keep my covenant that you'll be a peculiar treasure unto me. Hallelujah. And he says that above all people. Amen. That's not you calling yourself up. That's God calling you up. Amen. &gt;&gt; Think of that. Few chapters later, I love this. When Moses came there in Exodus 33, he came to what was considered the tent of meetings. Amen. And it says that Moses entered into the tabernacle and the cloudy pillar descended. Think of that. The presence of the Lord is always in a place of ascension. He's always in a place of elevation. Amen. But he's always ready to descend if you're willing to turn his side to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Moses was in that secret place. And it says that while he was in that secret place that the Lord spoke unto Moses face to face as a man speaketh unto a friend. That's the God I serve. He wants to speak to you as he would a friend. Amen. Hallelujah. Then in Exodus 34, when Moses finally came down from Mount Si the final time, it says that Moses' face was shining. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was it was radiant. So much so that the people were actually afraid to come unto him because of the presence that he had been in. Amen. Amen. See, God was making a way for us to enter into that most holy place. You and I would become the tabernacle in the wilderness where God descended down and spoke to with Moses. It had to be in a process. So God sent his son and he died where? On a mountain. Hallelujah. So he could come and descend and live in your tabernacle and live in your vessel. Amen. So you could have a close connection with him because why? Because he wanted to speak face to face with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I want you to notice it was without having Amen. to go into so much of a different location because at that time it was an ascension in a natural location. Amen. But in this time it's just a descension from the atmosphere from the presence of God into your soul. Amen. Amen. And when you get baptized with the Holy Ghost, Amen. you're already living on that mountain of God. Amen. He kept saying, Brother Bam kept saying this. I was listening to the third Exodus. So, he's just saying if you're spiritually minded, you'll catch this. Amen. And then just this morning, I know that we're spiritually minded. Amen. He's he's getting us ready for an Exodus out of this place. He's getting us ready for that change. And he uses these things. He uses this example. He uses the foolishness of preaching to come up and show you how he wants us to live, how he wants us to act, because he wants you to get into that presence. He wants you to move into that holy place. Amen. It's a simple message. Amen. He calls a a simple people to a higher calling. Amen. See, Moses was just a broken down old man &gt;&gt; with a crooked staff. Amen. It didn't seem like he had much life left in him. But when he ascended upon that mountain on the back side of the desert, God changed the whole world with that man. Amen. And in our day when a man descended down and and brother Ben was kind of correlates him himself to having that backside of the desert there in the beginning in 1963 when he when he's wondering is is the Lord going to take his life or what is he going to do and and then he went on that mountain and then the sword of the Lord was put into his hands. Amen. So the message could come forth and his commissions could change. Amen. And the seals could break forth so that we could have what we call the Exodus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. It's the same God today that he sent in his in his pillar of fire there in the book of Exodus. It's the same pillar of fire that that that led the children of Israel. It's the same pillar of fire that descended down in Acts 2. Amen. A and gave a spoonful of himself to each one of you, baptized you into with into your soul. Amen. It's the same pillar of fire. Amen. That's the place I want to reside in. Amen. Amen. I just want you to to notice this was my this is just my last point this morning. Amen. Be able to let you go a little early. Amen. Get to preaching fast sometimes. Amen. these places on that mountain, whether it be Mount Si or Mount Horeb or Mount Transfiguration or where God descended down and he met with man. And you know, even though God was descending upon the earth to meet with man, he was still calling him into a higher place. Amen. He He was He was high upon a mountain, but he was calling Moses to come up higher. Amen. Amen. He He was He was in a higher atmosphere. He was in an elevated place upon the mountain of God. But he wanted Moses to come up higher. Amen. &gt;&gt; God is in a higher place. And he wants you to come up higher. Amen. He wants you to live in that place. Amen. He He sends his pillar of fire down. And I know it was in a simple way. And it was from a simple man. But that's the way that he's always worked. Moses was just a nobody in a nowhere land. But God of the universe came down on Mount Horeb. Oh, and he set his pillar of fire. Amen. And Moses, what did he do? He took notice of that thing. He took notice of that pillar of fire and it changed him and he changed the world with that. He changed the course of history. He tore down the kingdom in Egypt. Hallelujah. It was an exodus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And God sent his son. Amen. So that he could reside in you. Amen. He sent the sword of the word in our generation. Oh, so the Holy Ghost could come back in the form of a pillar of fire and live in your soul. &gt;&gt; So you could be called out. So you could be called to come up higher. Come up on the mountain of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's calling us to come up to those higher places. &gt;&gt; Amen. Upon the mountain of God. That's where he communes with his people. Amen. That's where he he wants to commune with you, my brother, my sister. He wants to reside in you. Oh, he wants it more than you want it. Oh, hallelujah. But it's got to be more than just being picked up out of that dirty place. It's got to be more than just a cleansing. Hallelujah. It's got to be the filling. Amen. You got to be filled up. Hallelujah. It's got to be more than you having a view of the promised land. It's got to be more than you having a taste of it. It's got to be more than you witnessing the grapes from the promised land. Amen. And you've got to be Caleb. And you got to be Joshua. And you've got to enter into that place. Why? Because he had a different spirit about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's where he reveals his word. That's where he calls you by name. He said, "Moses." Moses. Hallelujah. I believe he wants us to live in those higher places. That's the place I want to be at this morning. Amen. Close to his presence. Amen. Let's let's stand to our feet this morning. Hallelujah. I want to stay in close connection with that host plant. Like those caterpillars, you eat the right thing. you you're you find your host plant. You eat the right thing. The the nutrients are digested. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you focus on the word. You you know that you're focused on the word because because your life is hitting the target not because you are or you can, but because God is in you. Amen. He's hitting the target for you. Amen. Because he's producing something in you. Amen. To be able to take a change. Amen. Amen. Close your eyes with me this morning. Do you want to meet with God upon that mountain? Hallelujah. Moses met with God upon that mountain. And and I love I love how he just kept calling him. He called him up to Mount Si all those times. Oh, he loved communing with Moses. He loves communing with his people. Hallelujah. He loves communing with you. Oh, he wanted to speak face to face with Moses. Think about that. The only the only man in the Bible that he that he came down in that form and he saw the backside of him as he walked by. Oh, because he wanted to commune. Oh, and that's what he's done now. He wants to commune with you. Hallelujah. Oh, but he knows that his presence is holy. So, he's crafted a way. Hallelujah. To be able to live in that place, to reside there. Hallelujah. Close to that calling. Hallelujah. close to that pillar of fire. Hallelujah. Do you want to meet with God on that mountain this morning? Amen. Notice it was Moses on the back side of the desert alone with God in that secret place. And the sequence goes like this. It was up on a mountain. The angel of the Lord appeared in the form of a pillar of fire on that burning bush. And it caught Moses' attention. And when it caught his attention, he turned aside to see this great sight. And when Moses turned aside to see and put his focus on that fire, the Bible says the Lord saw that he turned aside and then he called to him by name. Amen. You see, the Lord sees when you turn aside. He sees when you have a desire in your heart and he's here to meet you. He's here to to walk with you. He's just saying you got to take off your shoes. Oh, the place you stand is holy ground. Oh, you've got to come out of the world. You've got to come out of your own desires. You got to live in a place, the secret place, the secret dwelling place of the most high. &gt;&gt; Oh, when you have a desire to ascend, he sees that desire. Oh, if you have a hand to lift up to the Lord, if you're if you want to if you want to ascend to that place. Amen. Oh, I believe he takes notice of your reaction to the word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come now, Father, we just thank you for all you do, Lord Jesus. Father, and now, Lord, we just humble ourselves in your presence, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your atmosphere, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and we thank you for Lord calling us out. Thank you for our exodus out of the world, Lord. Thank you for our wilderness experience, Lord. Thank you for the one those years of maybe wandering, Lord. Thank you for cleansing us and sanctifying us and and washing us out, Lord. Father, and I thank you for Lord, showing us that there's a promised land. And thank you for giving us access into that place, Lord God. And I know many of us, Lord, may many people live in that place now, but maybe there's one that that that is is still wandering. Oh, may you just come this place. Come in this place now, Lord. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus. We just, Lord, we just take off our feet, Lord God, on that holy ground. And we recognize the the fire, Lord, that you sent in our day, Lord God, that you sent, Father. Lord, to call us to come up higher, Lord God. We want to live upon that mountain. I want to live in an elevated atmosphere with you, Lord Jesus. I know I got the world, Lord. I know I live in the world, Lord. I know that my flesh man still makes mistakes, Lord Jesus. Oh, but the type is is that once you get into that promised land, it doesn't matter if you've made a mistake. Oh, you get back up cuz you've got a promise that you're sealed into that place. Thank you for that, Lord. Oh, we love you now, Father. We just commit this service. I commit every individual now, Lord God, into your hands, Lord. Father, you saw every hand that was lifted. Maybe even a hand wasn't Lord God, but you see the desire in their hearts, Lord Jesus. Father, may you just descend down, Father. Oh God, when you when you saw that that Moses turned aside and Lord, you descended, Lord, may you just descend just for a moment, Lord. And Father, as we just Lord, worship you for just a moment, Lord, after the word here has gone forth. We thank you for the word. Thank you for Lord just placing the burden on my heart, Lord. Oh, Father, we just worship you this morning, Lord. You're the reason we're here, Lord. You're you're you're the reason we live. Oh, God. We we love eating on the word, Lord Jesus. We love eating on the body word, Lord. Father, Lord, let it just produce a change in us, Father God, where we're just like those caterpillars, Lord God, and some of those species, Lord, where, Father, that those those discs, Lord, begin to to manifest, Lord God, and and her the ripeness, the the maturity, Father, it begins to manifest. It just it's just us becoming more like you because we're in that presence, Lord. Let us become more like you, Father. We pray. Lord, let us just uh Lord, get a rid of a little bit more of the world this morning, Father. Lord God, and get refilled. Even if we're filled, get us refilled this morning, Lord God. Oh, thank you, Jesus. We love you now. We just commit this service to you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's just praise the Lord just for a moment here. You're all I want. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. [Music] Help me know you are near. You're all I want. [Music] You're all I &gt;&gt; ever needed. You're all I want. [Music] Help me know you are near. Draw me close to you. Draw me close to you. &gt;&gt; Never let me go. I lay it all down again. to hear you say that I'm your friend. You are my desire. You are my desire. No one else will do. No one else will do. [Music] Cuz nothing else could take your place. To feel the warmth. Oh, to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find the way. Oh, help me find a way. Bring me back to you. Hallelujah. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. And you're all I've ever needed. [Music] You're all I want. [Music] Help me know you are near. [Music] How great is our God. Let's just worship just for a moment. &gt;&gt; Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great [Music] how great is our God. Sing it again now. How great. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great is our God. The splender of a king clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. [Music] All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light [Music] and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. And he's the name. He's the name above all name. [Music] He is worthy of all praise. [Music] And my heart will sing. How great [Applause] is our God. He's the name and he's the name above all name. Yes, sir. Worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great [Applause] is our God. &gt;&gt; How great. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And all will see how great how great is our God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] had three in one. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, father, spirit, and son, the lion and the lamb. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great you're great, Lord. Oh, we worship you this morning. Oh, thank you, Jesus. God. &gt;&gt; Oh, just sing to the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's the name. &gt;&gt; He's the name. Hallelujah. Name above all name. Hallelujah. You are worthy of all praise. When my heart will sing, how great is our God. &gt;&gt; One more time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, and he's the name above all name. Oh, and he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing, how great is our God. in worship now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How great [Music] is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great. How great is our God? Hallelujah. Put your hands together for the Lord. Amen. [Applause] Amen. We're just going to pray and just worship the Lord for a few more minutes. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for this day, Lord. Father, your name is great above all names, Lord Jesus. And we just worship you this morning, Father. Lord God, we thank you for your word, Lord. We thank you for your presence, Lord Jesus. Father, just as Lord, in the next few minutes, Lord Jesus, we just want to worship you for a few minutes and let you know, Lord, we taking notice of you, Father, and we love you, Father. I just commit everyone into into your hands this morning, Father. We ask it now in Jesus name. Amen. Just keep singing, brother. You can you can go if you'd like or you can stay in worship for a few minutes if you'd like. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I lift my hands. I lift my hands and bow my knee and worship at your throne. [Music] We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Lift your hands to him now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I lift my hand and bow my knee and worship at your throne. Oh, I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. Sing it again now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now.
