################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 250622- Jason WatkinsFuture Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Part 2 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   250622- Jason Watkins:Future Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Part 2
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAUg9gBmW5Y
========================================

[Music] the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. I think he deserve a better hand than that. Let's give the Lord a praise. Amen. I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord. And I hope you're happy, too. Amen. Amen. I love you, Lord. Your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. I have been in the goodness of God. Sing. All my life, [Applause] all my life you have been. All my life. [Music] [Applause] So [Music] every breath that I can make [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. Sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other [Music] I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. See my life [Music] you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. Say, "All my life you have with me." All my life, [Music] you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Say, "Your goodness is running after, running after me." Your goodness is running after, running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. See your goodness, your goodness. Say running after me. Everybody say your goodness. Running after me. With my life laid down. I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. [Music] Running after me. [Music] Your goodness is running out. Running out to me [Music] where you were, where you are, and where you're going to be. He is ever faithful. Amen. I was just enjoying that um Sunday school lesson. You know, he talked about a testament. Some people put signatures and things on contracts. This contract is null and void until the Holy Spirit comes and is in your life. That born again experience. Then there's nothing can break it. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning. And Lord, when I look at that testament, that New Testament that you brought forth, Father, oh, how I want it signed, sealed, delivered. Lord, I'm thank you for the sealing of thy Holy Spirit. And I pray for these people this morning, Lord. Those that are streaming, those that are sick. Father, I pray that you touch and bless each and every one. Lord, love you this morning. Enjoy your presence. There's nothing like coming to the house of God and worship you in spirit and in truth. I thank you for that, Father. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver, magnify it to your kingdom, Lord. We are grateful for the bounty that you've given to us, Father. How you watch over us and keep us. I thank you for that in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Amen. Give me a key G. Amen. [Music] We just practiced this song back here. We've been singing it quite a bit. I need your help with it this morning. Amen. Let's put our hands together for the Lord. Amen. [Music] Clap like you mean it now. [Music] The devil don't like us praising the Lord around here. Devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all of my might. I don't care. Don't like us praising him. See, the devil don't like us praise the Lord around here. Devil don't like us praise the Lord around here. I don't care what the devil likes. I'm going to praise him with all of my might. The devil don't like us praising the Lord around here. Sing it with me now. Say, "The devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. Devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all of my might. The devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. Sing. The devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. Oh, the devil don't like to praise the Lord around here. I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all of my me. [Music] Say devil don't like us praising the Lord around here. Oh, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all of my might. The devil don't like us. Praise the Lord around here. Hold on. Say, let me hear sister say praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him, brothers. Praise him. Praise him. Sing. Praise him. Great. Everybody now say praise him. Praise him. Say praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Say praise him. Sing praise him. Say praise him. Crazy. [Music] Crazy. [Music] I don't care what the devil like. I'm going to praise him with all my might. I'm going to praise him. Oh, praise him. Sing praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Sing praise him. Praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Say, "Praise him." Don't care what the devil likes. I'm going to praise him with all my might. I'm going to praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Praise him. Praise. Praise him. Say, "Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him with all my mind. I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him all my might. I'm going to praise him. Praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Say, "Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise. Hallelujah. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise. Praise him. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Care the devil don't like. Praise him. Don't care what the devil don't like. Praise him. Don't care what down we don't like. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him while I can. [Music] [Applause] Amen. This is one other song that we practiced back there. I think it was in the Is it in the same key? Amen. Maybe I got a right to praise the Lord. Was it G? [Music] Lord has blessed me and he kept me. I've got a right to praise the Lord. Lord has blessed me and he kept me. I've got a right to praise the Lord. The Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. Oh, I've got a right to praise the Lord. Lord has blessed me and he's tell me I've got a right to praise the Lord. Listen now. He's been a healer, my deliverer. Oh, I've got a right to praise the Lord. He's been my healer, my deliverer. I've got a right to praise the Lord. Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. I've got a right to praise the Lord. The Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. I've got a right. Yes, sir. So, praise the Lord, everybody. The Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. I've got a right [Music] to praise the Lord. The Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. I've got a right to praise the Lord. He's been my healer, been my peace, my deliverer. I've got a right to praise the Lord. He's my healer, my deliverer. Oh, I've got a right. Listen now. When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he's done for me. Oh my soul cries. I hallelujah. [Music] I thank God for blessing me. Oh, the Lord has blessed me and he's kept me. Oh, I've got a right to praise the Lord. Oh, the Lord has blessed me and he's me. I've got a right to praise the Lord. One more time. He's my healer, my deliverer. Oh, I've got a right to praise the Lord. Oh, he's my healer, my deliverer. I've got a right to praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. I've got a right to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I've got a right to praise. So, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I've got the right to praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got a right to praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may be seated, brother Drew. Amen. Come on up and give us a song. Amen. Let's give him a hand. [Applause] [Music] [Music] You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god depending on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Cuz you are God alone from before time began. I know that you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. [Music] You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God and that's just the way it is. Oh, you are God alone. from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone right now. In the good times and bad. You are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. You're unchangeable, Lord. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. You are God from before time began. You are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Unchangeable, unshakeable, [Music] unstoppable. That's what you are. Unchangeable, Lord. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Brother John. Amen. If you come and give us a song. Amen. Amen. Let's give Brother John a hand. Amen. Sorry. Ancestor Deb. Brother Steve, soon as um John finishes, if you can just step right up and give us a song also, brother. Amen. God bless you. Appreciated that special. Need to get more of our young people and old people and middle-aged people up here to sing. I ask sister Deb and brother Aaron to help me on this. [Music] No eloquent prophecy or fancy miracle for all to see. Just the words go down seven times. [Music] So, as Non made his way into the Jordan River that day, I can't help but think what was on his mind. Well, as he slowly reached the water's edge, it rushes in over his head. He looks to see if the curse has washed away. Oh, does he say I keep going down and getting back up, but I see no change. I feel no touch from you, Lord, where could you be? This water's dirty and it's cold, but there's healing in it. So I'm told a miracle, but I've yet to see. But I'm staying here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing. But until then, I'm going to go down again. Well, I know what I feel deep inside. I've heard your voice a thousand times, but now it seems so long ago. Oh, but deep inside I still believe that somewhere you're listening. But I would like a sign so I could know. Oh, surely there's hope left yet. Lord, you wouldn't just forget. I'm fighting on my knees to get to you. So this is what I'm going to do. I'll keep going down and getting back up till I see a change or feel a touch from you. I know you're hearing me. This place is lonely and it's cold, but it's holy ground. So I'm told the secret place where you will meet with me. So I'm staying here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing. But I do it. I'm going to go down again. [Music] again. Well, I'll keep going down and getting back up till I see a change or feel a touch from you. Cuz I know you're hearing me. Oh, this place is lonely and is cold, but it's holy ground. So I'm told the secret place where you will meet with me. So I'm staying here until you're through until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing until Oh, I'm going to stay here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you, I'm going to keep believing it. I'm going to go down again. I'm going to go down again. [Music] Our [Applause] Brother Jason text me this song while I was in Idaho and uh asked me if I learn it. I said, "Yeah." And then, um, I've been here for one service, and so I haven't had a chance to run through it with any of the band or anything, and honestly, it's not really committed to memory very well. So, pray for me. I'm going to try to sing it here. Sorry. [Music] When I'm feeling lonesome, there's no one else. And I walk through this world all alone. I open my Bible and get by myself. And I read my letter from home. I can still hear my mother. The same sacred page. Sick and lonesome. She spoke loud each word as she longed for the end of the age. And she asked and let's start over. Let's start over. Man, I'm sorry, brother Jason. I had it better than that at home. You did it good at home. [Music] When I'm feeling lonesome and there's no one else and I walk through this world all alone, I open my Bible and I get by myself and I read my letter from home. I can still hear my mother reading aloud from the same sacred page. letters from homeick and lonesome. She spoke loud each word as she longed for the end of the age. And she asked which way to homesick and ready to start. The pathway to home can't be seen or heard. But she knew the way by heart. [Music] When I'm feeling alone and there's no one else and I walk through this world all alone, I open my Bible and get by myself. [Music] Then I read my letter from home. Letter from home. The words of my father bringing me peace in the dark troubled days. Letter from home. Sick and lonesome. I speak loud each word and they comfort me page after page. And I ask which way to I'm homesick and ready to start. But the pathway to home can't be seen or heard. It can only be felt by the heart. [Music] When I'm feeling lonesome and there's no one else and I walk through this world all alone, I open my Bible and get by myself [Music] and I read my letter from home. [Applause] Amen. Let us stand to sing. Because he lives as brother Jason comes. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow. [Music] because he lives. All fear is gone because I know [Laughter] he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Give the Lord a wave offering because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds my future. My life is worth the living because he lives and because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is because I know [Music] he holds my living Because he lives [Applause] because he lives. Amen. Amen. Everything becomes possible because he lives. That's the good news of the gospel. He lives. God bless you today. You can be seated momentarily, man. We're happy to have you in the house of God this morning. And um I want to be praying for a couple of families who are away still traveling and u uh we know the whole Demar tribe is up in taking a little bit of RNR time. I saw a picture of brother JD fishing. Looked like he was catching them too. So that makes it worth it. Amen. And other different ones are traveling. And we've got a couple of prayer requests we're going to take up here just in a moment. Um want to remind uh myself and uh brother Luther if you will not let me forget we have a baptismal at the end of service today. And uh so a young brother come to me uh before I left for Poland and felt it on his heart. Had been baptized before but wanted to be baptized again. I did the same thing. I did that I might have even did it a third time. I don't remember but I think I only did it twice best I can remember. Amen. Sister mom might correct that, but I think it was twice. Amen. And uh so we're going to have that and we don't want to forget that. Uh a couple of prayer requests. So, as you all know, you probably woke to the the news of the ratcheted up tensions now that are going on around the world. I'm not here for political take a political position. Um we already know that they can't fix it. We already know that it can only get worse and worse no matter what they do or do not do. So, brother Brandon made it clear there will be no peace Jesus comes. And I just say, even so, come quickly. Lord Jesus, come quickly. But we want to be in uh prayer today for believers around the world facing uh the rising global tensions and dangers. We don't know, friends. We know there there are certain backs stops that we know we won't see when uh we know the the pale horse rider cannot begin his full complete ride uh until the bride is gone. You're a hindrance to him taking full authority because authority is still in the bride. Amen. And she's the final voice to the final age. So yeah, the you know the Pentagon, the White House, the Kremlin, the Vatican, they can say what they want, but the bride is the final voice to the final age. And so we realize that God has it all perfectly in his plan. It's hitting on all cylinders, and there's nothing late here to tell you the rapture is not late. Now, we feel like it might be overdue, but the Lord has always known the exact time when the dead in Christ will rise. We which are alive and remain shall be changed. I'm looking forward to that. Amen. So we we brother Brandham gave us one particular thing that when you can't buy nor sell except you have that mark. Prophet makes it clear we're already gone. You don't see that. That's part of the full power of the beast system. We don't like to talk about the fact that the beast system has its headquarters here in America, but it does. It's the same power that used to be in in the old Roman Empire and was in Europe and but now it the beast rose up out of the land not out of the sea uh like he did there in Europe. He rose up out of the land spoke like a lamb at first but then later speaks like a dragon and exercises all the power that the first beast had. So, these things are um sure and steadfast and and we I'm glad that we know what's up. I'm glad I understand what's going on. I we don't have to suffer the men's hearts failing for fear and the fears that are coming upon the world. There's no worse anxiety than the fear of the unknown. So, I'm glad the Lord has revealed these things to us. Sister Phyllis will be headed out today to be with her sister Susie who's having a serious surgery procedure to uh ward off a possible cancerous u growth. And so she's going to come up for a prayer cloth. Uh don't let me forget that as well. We want to pray over that at the end and send that with her as she goes. Brother Ken wrote me this morning fighting off a lying devil attacking his upper respiratory system. other different ones. I know uh some members of my family have been a little bit under the weather, but um we're just trusting the Lord. Brother Caleb is ministering away today at brother Daniel Gizendon Danners, and he made mention that Joy and the kids are uh under that same attack. So my my goodness, the devil's still a liar. Amen. Praise the Lord. Happy to have these fine young men here with us today. And man, so you were singing, you were playing guitar. Yeah. So, you're hired. Amen. Now, there there's no pay and little little gratitude, but Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You did get to uh play and sing with the best band in the message today. So, we're happy uh for that. Amen. And all the other different ones, Mike and Sister Wanda. Glad to see you guys back safe and sound. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to have you stand to your feet and we'll read our text and then we will take up some prayer requests. Uh we want to uh be praying for brother Kenny and um I'm going to pray uh for the believers around the world because listen, there are there are believers in Israel and one out of 10 missiles is getting through and uh there are there are believers in Iran. There are believers throughout the Middle East. And so we want to be in prayer for uh God to watch over his family. There's believers in Ukraine. There's believers in Russia. Amen. And uh and you know, we don't know. You know, they're talking about retaliation to this country. But I'm just glad I can say I'm a believer and I'm under under the the guidance of the Holy Spirit. This is an hour, friends, when you're going to want to make sure that you're under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. I pray that every day. Lord, keep me completely under your leadership at all times. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hebrews chapter 7. We'll have that put up on the screen. You can turn to it in your Bibles also. Hebrews chapter 7. And um so um we're only getting these first three verses. Um maybe I sent something different to the booth, but um yeah, Hebrews 7 1-3. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is the um opening text that brother Brandham took in the message. Who is this MelzDC? I'm continuing today. This I think should be the second installment in future events made clear in prophecy. And um I want to talk about what God is doing today. And I'm going to take for a subtitle redemption unfolding. Now when we talk about future events, it's important that you understand that you have past events and future events. And the included in the future events are the right now events. Amen. They're happening today. You say, "Well, then you know if they're why do you call them in the future?" Because what you're going to hear today, you should be beyond tomorrow. Amen. This is a constant growing. You're going to see that today as as God has unfolded himself. Who is this? Melzdc was one of the most profound sermons brother Brandham ever brought. And uh it's it was a running understanding to him in his ministry progressively throughout his ministry. And fact is that's why he doesn't even come to it till the last um year last uh sermons last year of his of his ministry. He's going to come in the first part of 1965 and preach this message. He had preached on Melzdc priest and king but it nowhere near began to touch what was occurring in the day and hour of our of our age. And brother Brandham was left astonished at it himself. And it's been a astonishing to me all over again as I've been looking at it very closely. Hebrews 7 verse 1. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being by interpretation king of righteousness, and after that also king of Salem, which is king of peace, without father, without mother, without dissent, having neither beginning of days nor end of life, but made like unto the Son of God, abideth a priest continually. Amen. Let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word now that's been read across the pullpit. Lord, there's a blessing in reading it. There's a blessing in hearing it read. So, we already know that a blessing is underway. But now we're asking and appealing to you, the only one who can open the word to us. May it be open to our hearts and minds. And Lord, as you know, the burden of my heart. We're not here just to look at at high altitude, Lord, edge of the atmosphere realities and truths and teachings. But we want to know, Father, what's the reality? What's the ramification to us? How should it be affecting our lives? Lord, that's the real burden of my heart today. So that we can look in the word and see what you have done. So that we can understand what you are doing. We can see you throughout the scripture. So we can identify you clearly in this time. We can see how you moved in your family throughout the pages of the Bible. That should inform our thinking, Lord, as to how we should be responding to the things going on around us. These things were not unknown of you. The tension, the trouble that's in the world. You knew it was coming. You said it. You even Lord, in your earthly ministry, you knew these kinds of days would come. You knew that the gospel would not stop it from coming. There would come a day on the earth of tribulation the the likes of which the world has never seen. and you sent them forth with the gospel, not to prevent that, but to but to lay away, Lord, to fill up the role of all of those names that were on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, to find your family, Lord, and to extract her before that that coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Now, Master, we're here today uh tension throughout the world. Your believers are scattered across the world because that you promised that would happen when this gospel, that gospel of the son of man, that gospel of the word made flesh. When that gospel had gone into all the earth, then the end would come. And we know that this ministry now of the word made flesh, the ministry of the son of man is in your bride. It's around the earth. And Lord, now is the time of thy coming. It's already underway. We know we're already in process. the world falling apart. No way to stop it. But Lord, may you help now and keep your hand of mercy upon your family. See to their need, see to their safety. Lord, we commit ourselves into you. The one that we can trust completely. Father, we're remembering those who are sick among us. Couldn't be here today because of it. Some of them, some traveling away. We're praying for them, Master. Now, for the balance of this service, may your great blessing be upon it. your August presence felt by all. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Amen. I'm just going to go today and take my time, but we're not going to be long because I it's so much more than we can possibly cover. And I've got a certain section laid out to cover. And um we want to we want to cover it as best we can with keeping time in mind. We've got a baptismal service afterward and some different things to attend to. But Amen. This is the most important part, friends. And now I want to re-emphasize to you today and this is I I almost could underscore it and hang neon blinking lights on it. That's how important it is to me. I want you to realize that we're not just trying to look at, you know, edge of the atmosphere teaching. We're God's not here to entertain us. We're not here to wow people with theology or understanding. That's not really what it's about. Uh but what I what I'm hoping today and I want you to have this not in the back of your mind but in the front of your mind that what I'm trying to get across to us today by showing what brother Brandham brought to us in this profound message uh showing the ramifications of what it means to us right now. If we can see how he was then we can see how he should be now. Do you agree? Do you agree? Do you agree? Amen. So if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, don't ever lose the value of that. That's why that scripture in Hebrews 13 was a theme. It was a central theme. It was a main theme of William Brandham's ministry even before the seals. He put that on his tent. You can see old pictures of his tent revivals. Hebrews 13:8. Because what he was proving is that the same Jesus that was 2,000 years ago not only is alive because the whole Christian world believes he he raised. So it's not unusual to say he's alive today. The every every Christian denomination worth it salt would go amen. But brother Brandham was actually showing more than just he's alive. He's here among us. And the the the signs that you're seeing and the miracles that are taking place, no human can do. It's an evidence that he's keeping his word and we've reached the end time. Amen. Amen. See, so especially as it related to the discerning of the secrets of the human heart, which no man could do, brother Brandham would say that constantly, you know, people would say, people out in the audience and and and and they asked him that question, brother Brandham, you know, around the breakfast table that morning and you know, does it work out in public? And he said, "Oh," he said, "you know what you see on the platform is about a tenth of it. It goes out across the audience. It's on the streets." And he turns around. He says, "All right, now look, just watch." And he, a young man walks in. He says, "All right, there's a young man off the street." And brother Brandham sit there and went down that young man's entire life. He's very troubled because his mother's very sick and he's he's here and he works here and uh but and he's under a great burden and and something to do with the disease of his mom. And when they brought the man over to the table, they asked him about it. And that man nearly couldn't believe it. How do you know me? How do you know about my mother? And so, so, Brother Brandham would would show how that that that it's not here as a circus. It's not here to entertain us. It's here to inform our thinking. If I'm seeing this, then what must day must I be living in? I must be at the end time. And then if I believe that, then how should I be conducting myself? And what should be my attitude? What should be my aims? What should be my goals on a daily basis? What should I think about church? What should I think about gathering? What should what should be my opinions about the preaching or the reading my Bible or listening to tapes or fellowshipping the saints? I'm here to tell you something, friends. It It's the message goes forth not to fill you up with knowledge. It's to change your life. Amen. It's to it's to guide you. And so, you know, we are guided by what we believe. All right? So, you know, you're probably familiar. I've told it a number of times over the years when I when I when I had a conversation with, you know, our our leading megaurch pastor concerning the identity of MelzDC and he he said, you know, he was just a man. He was just a just a king of Salem. He was a man who lived and died. and your your your profit so-called is making more to do out of it than it needs to be. And I I just went back to brother Brandham's simple simple term that's about as simple as you could make it. And brother Brandham, they were arguing over who the who mealed was in brother Brandham's day. And brother Brandham just come to this third verse and said, well, he has no father. He had no mother. He had no descent. He had neither beginning of days or ending of life. Whoever he is, he's still alive. Amen. So say what you want, but he never died. He never started. Said, "Yeah, but it's but but he's he's likened to the son of God." Yes. Exactly. Now you're starting to be a believer. But you you you you realize that that doesn't mean, you know, that he's something similar to it because the only way he could have no father or no mother is he would have to be God in a human form that looked like the son of the son of God. Amen. Why is that so difficult? Because it it flies in the face of their trinity teaching that he's three persons, which is such heresy and has always been. Yes. Amen. The early church fathers clearly did not believe that when they asked Ireneius, it's in his in his early and and even Tertullan in his early writings and and all of them uh in their early days. But Ireneius very clearly he called you know when they asked him how do you explain the son and the holy ghost and he says it's just the left and right hand of the one God. It's just God operating. It's still God. See, so the earliest church fathers that we have never considered God as three separate persons in any that's that was just um you know uh and even modalism tried to carry it on and they considered modalism heresy and modalism was more true than than trinitarianism but it still wasn't perfectly because it was based really just on Greek metaphysics. it was it was uh their their best way to try to explain it using Greek understanding. It still misses the mark and you end up with a oneness teaching. So So it it it I mean I'm I'm just glad it it took a prophet in the early church, St. Paul, and it took a prophet at the end of the ages to restore it back and give us a clear understanding. And when we understood it, we found ourselves. Amen. And that is the mind-blowing part that brother Brandham was trying to get across. Really, that's really the theme of who is this Melzdc? Because for brother Brandham to preach about the oneness of God was not new. For him to identify Melzdc as Almighty God was not new. But when he comes in February of 65, what he's trying to get across to the bride is that I've got to cover Melchzdc again so that you understand how in fact he was God. So that then you will understand that that the whole system is to is to identify that he's got an entire family. He's got an entire kingdom and it's all a continuation of God. So, so whether it didn't matter whether it was m whether Abraham met a a king of Salem or Joshua met a a captain of the Lord's host or Israel followed a pillar of fire by night and a cloud by day or Moses saw the back part of a man or Gideon saw an angel. Didn't matter what form it was. or when Jesus walked the shores of Galilee, it was God in morphe, God ch moving to a new manifestation. So then that then that brother Brandham is actually bringing this message. Who is this mazedc to show that in that unfolding he unfolds his family. Amen. Amen. Because he's the head, she's the body. See? All right. Getting a wee bit ahead of myself, but let's carry on. So, brother Brandon makes this statement. And who is this Melzdc? And I intentionally avoided a PowerPoint today because I I thought it might even distract me. So, let me just read. I don't have a tremendous amount of quotes. We got a lot of scriptures we're going to look at, but not too many quotes. I'd recommend you go listen to the sermon from 1965, February the 21st, in an evening service. Brother Brandham takes this sermon, who is this mazdc? And he says here, think of this great person of how great this man must be. And now the question is, who is this man? Theologians has had different ideas. But since the opening of the seven seals, the mysterious book that's been mysterious to us, according to Revelation 101:7, all the mysteries that's wrote in this book that's been hid down through the age of the reformers is supposed to be brought out into view by the angel of the last church age. How many knows that's right? That's right. Supposed to be brought. all the mysteries of the mysterious book is to be revealed to the Leodestian messenger of that age. So, brother Brandham's sermon then who is this Melzdc? I and I I don't know that I would have said this, you know, a month ago, but as I begin to study it, I I I think that it is perhaps one of the if not the most profound sermon in all of his ministry. And it literally took him 33 years to solidify it in his own mind. See, so now I'm I'm saying that to emphasize how how huge this is. It literally took a prophet 33 years of ministry to to solidify it and get it all. And he comes to the last year of his life. And so so you know, taking that long, it it it gets delivered near the end of his ministry. And it nails down really nails down among others, you know, uh it it really my I you know my my mind just goes to so many different sermons and I'm going to get sidetracked. I want to try to stay very focused. But but we know that that brother Brandham talks about, you know, it is the rising of the sun. Brother Brandham talks about Christ is the mystery of God revealed and there there and and you know God's only provided place of worship. There's sermon after sermon after sermon we could talk about but few if any bring out other than maybe until you get to the future home few if any of the sermons so encapsulate the the purpose of understanding. Why did Paul write about this man? For this Melzdc, king of Salem. And he he goes on to whom Abraham gave a tenth uh tenth part. So that's why when we when people pay their tithe, they're not paying it to a church or to a a preacher. Uh they're paying it back to God. They're they're returning God's portion to him. Let me tell you something, friends. I heard a wonderful statement brother Eugene made one time, and this isn't in my notes. This is free. But brother Eugene said, you know, God always overpays you. First of all, he supply he gives you everything. Everything you have, everything is his. See, even to the breath in your lungs. And he actually overpays you to see if you'll be faithful with his overpaying portion and give it back to him. See, he's waiting to see if you'll return it. If you're if you understand who Abraham was and who Melzdc was, paying tithes is not a problem for you. See, so but people who with a denominational idea, they miss it every time. And so it's not about you enriching God. God doesn't need any of your money, but it's it's about being loyal and saying, "I'm I'm not going to keep God's portion." Because the Bible says you're a thief if you do that. So all you're doing is you're not giving him anything. You're just returning his portion back to him. Amen. Why in the world? Lord goodness gracious. I have no idea why I said that. All right. Okay. Thank you. Please let me get back to my thought. All right. You Oh, if you try to be a preacher sometime, you don't even understand what you why you say the things you say. So, so it's going to nail down his identity as the only God and the creator of all things. I think because I I reread the verse and it triggered it in my mind is why I think that happened. So, it was word driven. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can just uh just say it was word driven. Wasn't me. Amen. Praise the Lord. I knew I had an answer somewhere. Uh so so when we when we see imagery, Bible imagery of God, then then that enables us as long as you know what you're looking for. Yeah. Then you can say, "Oh, I can track him through the Bible." Yeah, great. Fantastic. You're so smart because now you can go, "Oh, yeah. Melzdc was a type. You know, the pillar of fire was a type. The captain of the Lord's host was a type. You know, this one, that one, and this one, and that appearing, and this appearing, and that appearing. Uh, and and it was a type. But what but what it enables you to track is his nature, his reliable nature. And that's really what you should be focusing on. Not that I've got some super intelligence in scripture. I know more than the apologist and I can identify God because it wasn't a similitude of God. And that's one of the most amazing things that these were these were not a similitude of God. They were not just a representative uh person of God. It was actually an encounter. Amen. With God. I mean, get your mind around that. That almost makes the message that came with it pale by comparison. God's family down through history of the Bible, all through the pages have had interactions with God. Almighty God. So, so the the the notion that he's some far off uninterested, uncaring, nothing could possibly be more opposite of the truth than that. Amen. Nothing could be further from the truth than that. He's always from Genesis through Revelation. So from our past to our future, he's constantly appearing and unfolding and showing himself. You're not here alone, friends. I'm here to tell you, you're not here to try to figure it out. There's a being that you're having an encounter with. Say, "How do I always know it's him?" Because he has such a reliable nature. Amen. And every time he he unfolds a mystery of himself, it's always it's always consistent with the nature he's already he's already shown. So he repeatedly appeared through the Bible history in various times at various places. You find out that that God has a way of adapting his manifestation according to the redemptive purpose that he has in each age. Now, let let me try to explain that a little bit if I can without getting without getting too bogged down. But he, you know, when we talk about the Holy Ghost in the ages, this is just an example. So, we talk about the Holy Ghost in the ages and we say, well, it looks like that Luther probably didn't have the Holy Ghost because the he he would have never continued drinking beer and smoking a pipe. And it looks for sure like Wesley probably never had the actually the b the born again experience because he believed a doctrine of devils and preached it to his dying day. the Trinity. See, but but you but you come to find and understand the principle that you that sin is unbelief. Amen. And you can't unbelief what you don't know. That's right. So because because that wasn't made known to them. So then Christ is sitting in the eternities interceding on behalf of their ignorance. Amen. See, just like in the Old Testament when he gave them a substitute of the blood of bulls and goats and God kept deferring judgment of the world because he he knew, you know, the until John all through the Old Testament, the kingdom of heaven had suffered violence and the violent take it by force. Nobody had the a nature change. They they had a law and they had to constantly, you know, put it between their eyes and strap it to their bed and keep it meditate on it day and night. They still would stumble. David would still do things wrong. Moses would still do things wrong. And but yet and the and the whole world was overspread with idolatry. But God kept deferring judgment even upon his people. Yes. Amen. And he allowed them to not go into hell but to be in the lower parts in a paradise because they died in faith believing that like Job someday a redeemer is going to come and he's going to fix all this. So God just kept pouring it over because God was looking forward to someday the lamb of God will come and then I can empty paradise and bring them home to me. Where they began I can bring them back too. Amen. So, so you wouldn't say Luther didn't have the Holy Ghost. Brother Ram said, "Don't say he didn't have it." He did. But then you realize that the manifestation of the token on display is limited. I dare use that word. It's tamount to It's equal to the level of the revelation that's given. See? And so once Christ came and then the day of Pentecost happened and then they come to Peter, devout men already, they weren't drunkards. They just had the wrong thinking. They had a wrong understanding of who Christ was. And Peter said, "You killed him. You did it with cruel hands, wicked hands." However, I know it was misinterpreted theology. That's why you did it. You You did it by determinate counsel of your preachers. They told you to do it. You believed it. You It was a tradition. You did it. But oh my oh no, we've killed the Messiah. Hold on. Breathe. Take Hang on. David, don't forget David said he won't leave his soul in hell. And and and that same Jesus whom you crucified, God hath raised him up according to the promise and he's now both Lord and Christ. Amen. And when they heard this now, they said, "Okay, so maybe the end isn't yet for us. What must we do?" And Peter said, "You must repent. You've got to repent. You've got to change your thinking because your thinking will inform your lifestyle. Amen. And your lifestyle will either be pleasing or not pleasing to God depending on the age that you live in. See, so I heard brother Frank Prader give such a wonderful example I'd never heard before. And he talked about how that he emotion to a father who was in his sitting in the audience who had a two-year-old boy on his lap. I have no idea who the man was. I heard the name, but I didn't recognize it. And he also had teenagers working in the booth. And brother Frank said, "Now, you know," he said, "Can you imagine what it would look like if one of those teenagers tried to come down here and sit on daddy's lap like the little two-year-old, right?" He said, "You would say, "That's not very mature." And you'd be right. But see, the two-year-old, you say, "Oh, well, he's just a little two-year-old." Hold on. It's more than that. The 2-year-old is perfectly mature for the dispensation he's in. You get it? So for the dispens, he's only two. So you wouldn't look at him, you wouldn't look at Luther and say, "Oh, he was must not have been born again." He was perfectly born again for the dispensation he was in. Amen. See? So you can see now why it is it is so shameful for you and I having come to the last age of full maturity and we're still trying to conduct ourselves in immature ways patterning after the entertainments and rudiments and things of the world and we don't have any spirituality and and I would say you say you're you're telling me I'm not a Christian. I'm not going to say that. That's up to God. But I will say you're not living mature according to the age that you're living in. You're in the dispensation of the full word becoming flesh. And I just say friends, we need to humble ourselves more to that than ever before. And we need to surrender our lives and say, I want to be level to the maturity that this age calls for. Amen. Thought it was an outstanding analogy. So, so now we see that God has been unfolding his nature as God and as he appeared and he reappeared among humanity and and and and once once we see that then we can begin to understand a little bit of the detail in the thought of who Mrs. Jesus Amen. Christ is the reason, one of the reasons that Jesus Christ was so obviously of God was he said, "Oh, well, he walked on water. He fed 5,000. He all it wasn't that. It was that his nature fit the word. He was uh he was obviously uh the same kind of a man continuing uh uh that that Abraham met that Moses met that Joshua met that Gideon met that all of them met and every time that's why John came out of the wilderness like he did and the Bible calls him the greatest of all the Old Testament prophets. Amen. So it becomes uh boundary pushing for sure because now you're beginning to equate Mrs. Jesus Christ in the identity of Mr. Jesus Christ. And you're you're not you're not saying that they're that they're co-equal. He's still my Lord. Amen. I still worship him, not the other way around. and I sure don't worship you. And you don't worship me. I didn't die for you. You didn't die for me. And so, as you've heard me teach before, when brother Brandon would say, "She is him," he's not meaning literally she's him. Because if she's him, who's him? So, but but Hebrews 13:8 again gives us the key. She's the same as him. Amen. And that's how we know who the bride is among 33,000 different denominational ideas of who the bride is. That all there can't be 33,000 different versions of the bride anymore than there can be 33 different thousand different versions of the gospel. There's one version of the gospel, one version of Christ, one version of Mrs. Jesus Christ. And she has the same nature as the word. See, so it shows that then that God once you begin to see and I think this is what brother Brandham is really trying to point out is that once you begin to understand God unfolded himself that way and he took a lot of time at the beginning of the sermon and his purpose is not to teach you on the Godhead. his his whole beginning and opening foundation is so that you've got your brain in the right place. Got all your marbles in the right place uh for when he makes the jump and says, "Now let's flip it and let's look at Mrs. Jesus Christ." Amen. She's got the same nature. See? And so so that that a lot of times was what really, you know, um astonished the the theological world because it shows that God it certainly shows among many things that God had a future plan that went beyond Calvary. Amen. Amen. Amen. If it shows anything, it shows that that he had a future plan beyond Calvary. that Calvary say, "Well, it's it's it's the cross plus nothing." Okay, I agree with that statement. It's it's it's the Calvary. It's the cross. And and I understand that. But Calvary wasn't just the cross. Calvary was a tomb. Calvary was Cal Part of Calvary was preaching to souls in prison. Part of Calvary was raising out of the tomb. Part of Calvary was having an interactive conversation with part of his church. and and and that and then he he has to ascend to the father. So so so it's a it's an unfolding and brother Brandon would explain it simply this way. Calvary was his purchasing work but to claim the book if no one claims it. John who was at Calvary knew about Calvary first had a front row seat of Calvary is crying his eyes out having seen Calvary. Yeah because he knows if no one takes the book it's still all all is lost. And when he saw Christ, the same one he saw on the cross come and take the book and open it, he said, "All the heaven and earth." And everybody heard me shouting. Amen. So, so you know, if if if if they want to if they just want to wonder why I'm shouting, oh, you know, you're you're you just got a a view. You're a cult. You got this. You got that. It's nothing to do with any of that. It's that I see myself in the plan. It's that I have received that same life. How do you know you got the same one? Because it it changed my nature to act like the one I read about. Amen. Not everyone believed Melzdc. Lot barely believed him and barely escaped with his life and not even all of his family. Amen. The religious institution in the days of Jesus, they didn't recognize John. They didn't recognize Jesus. They thought he was a devil. Yeah. See? So, so when Jesus says, "I will be with you even in you," then then her identity can be seen also in the word as as she walked through amen. The pages of the Bible. Amen. We're able to observe Sarah, Rahab, Ruth, Esther. We're able to observe that God always had the idea of a bride. Always had the idea of a family called Abraham, his friend. See, coming into the transitioning into the New Testament, from the Old Testament into the New Testament, we see an Elizabeth. We see a Mary. We see the early church whom John would later call the elect lady. So she's visible. Then we we find out in the when John heard a voice behind him and turned to see he said, "I saw one liken to the son of man and he's walking in the midst of the seven lampstands." But in the description of his garments, brother Brandham showed that we see the the the the bride symbolized. It's Christ Jesus walking, but it's the it's the bride symbolized in his garments and he's g about the paps like a woman and and and the garments go all the way down covering it. And he said it's just representative of being covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. So, at the end of the day, when you when you bring it all out and you you you flesh it all out, say, "Well, what am I looking at?" You're looking at Christ in his church through seven church ages. Amen. So, we find that he walked among the seven lampstands. We see her throughout Revelation. In in chapter one, she's made kings and priests. She's seen in a partial type and it's a partial type of the bride because it's also uh in another way you look at it. It's also the the uh remnant of the woman's seed, the unwise virgin. But we see in a partial type that this bride is as a great multitude that no man could number in chapter 7. We see her gathered as Mount Zion in chapter 14 with the 144,000 who are going to share the millennium with her. Amen. See, again, she's typed uh the type of the royal city, the holy Jerusalem, having the glory of God. In Revelation 21, we see her seated on the throne with the king speaking in one voice. In Revelation 22, the spirit and the bride say, "Come." Yes. Amen. See, there there's a new city and then there's the holy Jerusalem. And the Bible uses that exact language in on purpose. That's why when he says this the one holding the seventh vial which was the seventh angel to the seventh age and that's how brother Brandon was able to pitch a rock up in the air and say thus sayith the Lord judgment striking the west coast because that seventh vial partially opened just like all the vials are partially open just like all the seals had partially opened. They don't understand how that the seventh seal is hidden in the sixth seal because they say well the they're looking at it chronologically the sixth seal is the tribulation so it hasn't started yet. wrong. It started when the first woe and the first world war, the tribulation seal had already begun. Amen. See, but then an angel rises from the east having the seal of the living God. It's obviously the Holy Ghost. And he's saying now you're you're underway. The sixth seal has started. You're going to have a second woe and a third woe and it's going to sweep mankind from the earth. But first, I got to have a little interval of time. I got to send a gentile prophet down. I got to have a little uh I got to pause you while I send a gentile prophet down and gather a bride. And then when they go home, the eagle will fly east, pick up Moses and Elijah, and I got 144,000. And once I get all of that done and all of them sealed, then you can carry on. And they carry on in the second woe. And the second woe runs all the way into Revelation 11 and goes all the way into and now comes the end of the second wo. Behold, the third woe cometh quickly. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You can't make this stuff up. It's happening all around us. And our going home is very, very close. Amen. These things can't can't just have happened and fit the scriptures so perfectly. Amen. So it's not only his reliable nature but it we can see her reliable nature of faith that even in the face of what has to be sometimes almost inexplicable failure in the family of God. Amen. You're going to see that this plan is so secure that no failure of his family can stop her from inheriting it. See, she's not the the the new Jerusalem is the city, but the holy Jerusalem is a type of the bride. Because how's that a type of the bride? Because in Revelation 21, it says, "God shall himself, God himself shall dwell among them." I'm here to tell you, you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. You are the holy Jerusalem. We're a holy people, a holy Jerusalem, going to live in a new Jerusalem. All right, I can't get too far off the beaten path on that. Let me catch this for you. As I said, sometimes inexplicable failures in the flesh, even in the ranks of God's finest servants. Amen. Brother Brandon says in the Sardisian age, this is one of the other quotes that I'll read today. I'm already out of time. I'm halfway there. Just care sit sit still. I won't keep you too much longer because I think you're already getting it. So, brother Brandham says Sardisian church age, he that hath the seven spirits of God and the seven stars, Revelation 3:1, as this same Lord identified himself with man in the incarnation, he is again identifying himself with man by his spirit within man. Hallelujah. These are mine, sayaeth the Lord. The seven spiritfilled messengers are the Lord's. They may be repudiated. and how they may be questioned. Yeah. Oh, they got questions about the seventh one. Yeah. They had questions about the sixth one, the fifth one, the fourth one, the third one. It goes all the way back. They they were questioning the first one. They were questioning St. Paul. They're questioning Peter and John's authority. You know, so so that's not new. And so, you know, he says, so they may be repudiated. They may be questioned indeed. Now, here's an admission. Indeed, to human minds, they may not even seem to qualify. Nevertheless, they are the messengers for their age. Now, watch him prove what he just said by looking back in the Bible. God used an Abraham. He lied. He used a Moses. He rebelled. He used a Jonah. He disobeyed. He used a Samson. He sinned. He used a David. He murdered. He also used a Joshua and a Joseph. And those with severe blemishes far outnumber those whose history seemed to be perfect. All were and are his. None dare deny that he used them by and through the Holy Spirit that he put within them to their own master. This is Romans 14. to their own master they stood or fell and in them all was accomplished the sovereign will of God. Let external history attempt to refute this. It still stands. The eternal God still walks among the golden lampstands and sends his messengers by his spirit with the word to the people of every age. I'm glad I recognize my day and its message. Hallelujah. So, as we were saying to you, the Old Testament theophanes weren't merely representations of God, but they were actually appearances of Jesus before he was born of a woman. So we find then that the same God who walked in the garden of Eden, the same one who appeared to Abraham, the same one who manifested himself in a burning bush to Moses, uh that he ultimately became flesh in Jesus Christ. Uh and he was he was not a different being. Jesus wasn't a different being than Melzdc or the burning bush. He was he was just in another form. He's the only begotten of the father. It's still Christ. It's still the same eternal being. So he's so he's adapting his manifestation to humanity's capacity to receive it. So and to understand him. And this is what makes brother Brandham's breakdown of Melzdc so astonishing to modern theologians because the God we worship has been consistently and constantly what is he what's he been doing? He's been consistently drawing closer and closer to humanity. Amen. The God who was above then became with now becomes in. See, and so it's all coming. the implications really friends if once you once you begin to think of and this is where my mind has been because I I've thought how staggering these implications are because then every incident recorded in scripture becomes not just a message sent from God but it's as I said at the beginning it's a direct encounter with God and and and so we find then that that this encounter this direct encounter with the with the almighty God then is certainly certainly more than theological doctrine. Amen. You can argue all day long with theological doctrine. William Brham had to at times adjust his theological teaching. Amen. He says that himself. Don't throw something at me. He says that himself. I used to think this. He says that coming in the first seal. He's got seals on the back of the book that aren't even in the Bible. And then he comes two and a half years later and he says, "You know, I used to think that it was something outside the Bible, but I found out it can't be outside the Bible. I used to believe that love was the greatest evidence, but I got corrected that it's faith in the revealed word in every age." See, so so we realize then that that it's more than just doctrine. what what was consistent and his doctrine sometimes migrated and and amplified and it really sharpened. It never so much changed. If you look back at those because it's not wrong to say an evidence is love. It's not wrong to talk about well I'm just reading the scripture and it looks like something's on the back but here's here's the truth. There were seven seals and they were seventh under mystery and they have been open. That's all true. See? So, so all it's not he's changing. He said, "I never had to change anything in my life." He He's just simply meaning that he adjusted and the lens got sharper and sharper and sharper. I'm here to tell you today, I'm glad we're not still the infant bride of the early 1960s. We're not still the adolescent of the 70s and the 80s and going through the 90s. He was never coming back to marry a 12-year-old girl. He was never coming back to marry just a young woman. He's coming to marry a mature bride ready to be a queen. So, sure, we've acted at times like children. Sure, sometimes. I mean, I think of some of the things I did as a teenager, I didn't even want you to know them, right? Amen. And what made it worse is when I was a teenager, I thought I knew everything. And that was probably my biggest mistake. Amen. So, it's not just about is the doctrine consistent. Did he say one thing here, but then looks like he changed something over here. Okay. Okay. You got him. He changed something from here to here. Okay. Wow. But the pillar of fire didn't change. The gift never missed. He absolutely walked with God and that was proven. and around the world and a world he went he went and would say from public venues all around the world if anybody can show one time it's ever been wrong step forward now no one ever did oh it's easy to go after him 70 years later when witnesses are dead but nobody tried that when they were alive you know that's why they don't attack you you realize that's why they only attack your prophet cuz he's dead what they because they can't come after us because we have witnesses that the blind eyes are opened, that deaf ears are open, that the lame walk, that the dead are raised. We've got living witnesses that we can bring and say, "He was dead. He came back to life. She was blind and her eyes have opened." Well, I I in my own ministry, I've seen those things happen. Amen. See, so what what's going to be the root awakening is when the bride is gone and then the the sickening reality when they have to confess that little man was right. I'd like to say it now. I don't want to say it then. I want to say it now. See? So, so, so that's why I said a while ago really the the the message as vital as it is the information I meaning the information portion that you get that almost I don't want to say it pales but by comparison something that's much greater is this fact God has made himself known to you amen and you're you're probably you know less than 1% of humanity around the earth. Amen. And God has made himself known to you. And you're not even perfect. And you stumble and you make mistakes and and you can be repudiated. But what cannot be repudiated is my faith in the presence of God in my life. I know my redeemer liveth. I'm painfully aware I make mistakes. I'm painfully aware of all my past. But I know this. I'm covered by the blood. I know this that he chose me. I know this that I'm part of the unfolding mystery of almighty God. And I know I am because I've got the same character that I see in the word of God. See, so this is what Paul dealt with them and those devout Jews when they heard and you know, you've got to repent. And so then Paul comes back, I think it's Acts 13, might be 16. I think it's 13 where Paul goes back and looks at the at the at that pre at the pre Christ days blood of bulls and goats. He said, "Now God winked at that ignorance. He allowed that. He winked at your ignorance. He didn't know any better. The lamb hadn't come. But now, now he's come. Now Calvary has happened. Now he's ascended. Now he's sent his spirit back. It's in the church. And now you must do what Peter said. You must repent. Amen. So, you can't come down like at the first of the age. You no way to come down at the end time and say, "I just don't need a prophetic message. I don't need all of that. I just believe Calvary. I just believe Jesus." Listen, God winked at a lot of things down through the church ages when they didn't understand him clearly. But now that time is over and you have come to the you have come to Mount Zion, not to not to, you know, not Cyani. You've come to the city of the living God. You've got to stand and be identified with the word of God in your hour if you want to go in the rapture. That's right. Amen. Oh my. Praise God. So, it's been God rich in mercy every age revealing the truth and the significance of his appearing. It's always been to an elected people. And I I think I could safely say that had God not been revealing himself like this through the ages, in every age, well, I I don't I don't think mankind could have survived till now. Amen. I think it would have already been destroyed. Amen. Turn me on right here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sorry, I know this microphone to those streaming doesn't sound as good, but u microphone. Amen. We call him the great white shark. Amen. Don't get in a debate with him. He eats you. Amen, precious brother. Y'all don't even know who that is. Amen. That's two different people that is named, but that's an inside joke. So, you come then I want to take these last 14 minutes and I'll watch that clock and I'll stop. 14 minutes. You good? I know we got to get to a baptism right away. And I won't cover all this. I'm just going to get this one. And I said you'd get a workout on the overhead, but we're just going to look we're just going to look at one or two. You come to this this principle and the unfolding of God that I'm going to just label for the for the lack of a better label and I'm going to call it the principle of greater. Let's have John chapter 4, brother Mark. John chapter 4. All right, I still got 13 minutes. Everybody still awake? Y so in John chapter 4 there's the first time that this kind of a challenge is going to come to Jesus. It's going to happen a bunch of times. I'm not going to take the time to read them all today. We'll catch it next time. But let's catch this one. In John 4:es 10-16, Jesus answered and said unto her, as a woman at the well, "If thou knest the gift of God, you know what? I might be in less trouble if I use this." Praise the Lord. Testing. You got me. Okay. Amen. was trying to avoid trouble down the road. Jesus answered and said unto her, "If thou kneest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink, thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water." The woman saith unto him, "Sir, hast, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep. from whence then hast thou that living water? Verse 12. Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself and his children and his cattle. And Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinkketh of this water shall never thirst again. But whoso drinkkeeth of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst. I think I read that right. Of this water shall thirst again. But whosoever drinkkeeth of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst. But the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. The woman saith unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw." Jesus saith to her, go and go call thy husband and come hither. Now, no one gathered at this moment that this would actually become a parallel to our day. And in fact is Jesus first clue doesn't even come till the 17th chapter of the gospel of Luke near the end of his ministry. And he says, "As it was in the days of Noah, as it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." And so this is exactly why brother Brandon would constantly go back to St. John 4 because this is the first time where they're going to ask something about Jesus. Art thou greater than? Well, you know, what are you saying about yourself? Now, there there's a number of places um that that we won't we won't turn to them, but you but I'll just make go go go very quickly. I said I wasn't going to do this, but I'm going to have to do it. So, you remember and I'm just going to refer to it in Matthew 12 where where Jesus is talking about the temple. And I say unto you that in this place, uh he he says here in in verse uh six, but I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the temple. And so they're they're all proud of their temple. And Jesus is saying there's one greater than the temple. You're looking right at him and you don't even realize there's one greater. And he goes then and then that's then that's where if you if you keep following the progression, he had he had he had went to Matthew 11:11 concerning John. And he says, John, there's no one greater than John. Of course, that's true because John was the last of the Old Testament prophets. And brother Brandon makes two points of what made John greater. First of all, he was greater than David. You say he was greater than David? Yes. Because John, like Jesus, had no place to lay his head. David lived in a palace. And and so John in that sense was greater than David because with nothing he did everything. And he said, and then he said, Brother Brandham then shows in the third seal how that the the thing that made John greater is he was an angel to a dispensation. So he's a dispensational messenger. And so he's the greatest up to that point of all the Old Testament prophets. But then Jesus would turn right around and forecast and foretell that there's a church coming, there's a kingdom coming, and when that kingdom is born, the very least one of those will be greater than John. Now, he's not talking about the character of the person. He's not talking about the quality of the individual. He's talking about the dispensation that they would live in. And and no matter how great David was, Moses was, John was, all of them were were, God still was above them and could only come upon them and could not remain on them until Jesus. And then the spirit remained on him. And then he went home and sent his life back. And then the Holy Ghost comes on you and I. And the least in the kingdom is greater than John. You say, "Brother Jason, what's the real point you're making?" The point I'm trying to show you is is it's constantly a progression, a progression, a progression. He's all the time going forward. Oh my. How then could we wonder, my precious friends, of why we had to have a message in this last day? Because he, you say, well, he was going forward. We're going forward through the ages. it was working great till you get to the end and at the end they throw Christ out at the end they can't even go in the rapture and they can't get any better and so he's got to come back and restore back the faith the original faith of the fathers so why so that now Mrs. Jesus Christ, the one who he's been waiting to get to for for all these thousands of years. She's here. And that's why Brother Brandon would say, "You in Tucson, you in New York City, you in Phoenix, you here and there. Uh this is the day the bride has made herself ready." I'm here to tell you something, friends. That's the hour that we have arrived at because it's greater. It's greater. It's greater. They said to him, you know, uh, they're talking about Jonah. He says, greater than Jonah's here. They start talking about Solomon. Greater than Solomon is here. Art thou greater than this one? Art thou greater than than our father Abraham before Abraham was. I am. And and they're constantly saying, "Who are you making yourself out to be? Are you greater than this one? Are you greater than that one?" And brother Brandon would say, notice that he promised in the scripture that greater than this will you do, more than this will you do cuz I go to my father. They didn't want Jesus to go. And Jesus says it's expedient for you that I go. It's it's advantageous for you. It's better off for you if I go because if I don't go, the train stops. Y see, if I don't go, the train stops. But if I go, I'll come again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm here to tell you something, friends. It's not about character because I would not dare try to put my character up against that early church and the things they went through. But I know this. I have the same revelation that they had. I know that I'm part of the same unfolding. Who is this Melzdc? It's none other than Almighty God. Who is the bride of the last day? It's none other than Mrs. Jesus Christ, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, life of his life, word of his word, faith of his faith. This is this is a big deal. This is the biggest deal the whole world will ever see and the last sign they will ever see. And you and I are it. That's right. You say, "Who else?" Just just just you and I. No. Paul said, and I'm so glad he said it like this. All those who love his appearing. say, "But Jason, are you trying to be an elitist? Are you trying to include yourself and exclude the world?" No, I'm simply saying that here's the condition that that there is waiting for me. Paul said, "A crown of righteousness that the righteous judge shall give me and not to me only, but to all them who have loved his appearing." I'm here to tell you something, friends. When I when I saw his appearing, when I look at his appearing in this day, I don't understand all the teachings. I don't understand. I can't put it put it all together clearly in my mind. But I know this. I've loved the one who has appeared. I've loved that nature. I've loved that life. I've loved that spirit. I want more of it. I want more of it. I want less of me and more of him. I I if if I could just push a magic button, there'd be none of me and it'd be all of him. I'm glad someday I'll have a body and it'll be all of him. Hallelujah. And God himself shall dwell with them. No, nowhere does it say that in all the Bible until you get to the end of the book. And God himself shall dwell among them. Amen. Let's stand. My goodness. I'm actually stopping halfway through a sermon, but that's enough for today. Uh keep you from blowing too many fuses. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to sing some songs and we're going to have to ask the brothers to come and um don't know if you guys can really play. We're going to have to kind of take all this apart. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Hallelujah. Well, where's uh Brother Anthony? Come on, Brother Anthony. Let's sing. Amen. I want to sing. Maybe we'll just start off with because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow [Music] become healing. [Music] All fear is gone. Because I know [Music] he holds my future. Now life is worth the living just because. Let me have my uh ministry team, all the members who are here today, ministry team, come forward. Sister Phyllis, come on forward. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Come right in there, brother. Amen. Amen. Brother Matt is available. I think he went to the back when I changed mine. Hold this in your hand, sister. God because I know [Music] my future. [Music] My life is worth the living just because he lives because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. My life is worth the living trust. Because he lives [Music] because he lives. [Music] I can face sorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. [Music] My life is worth the living just because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Applause] because he lives. All fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds my future. [Music] My life is worth a living just because he lives in worship because he lives. [Music] [Applause] I can face tomorrow because he lives. [Applause] All fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds my voice. My life is worth living just because he lives. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Caleb, second time around. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh we were talking about this before I left for Poland. And then when I got back, I had to remember who was it I was talking to. Amen. And so I I wrote u I thought was it brother Micah? And then I remembered I had just I thought wait I just rebaptized Micah. And when I wrote I but I'd already asked him was it you? He goes no sir and I got the video to prove it. I said oh yeah that's right. I rebaptized you after Sister Esther made an honest Christian out of you. And he agreed. He amened that. And I amended it right behind him. And I said, I I know that all too well. Many uh men who uh just needed a good woman to Amen. bring them that much closer to the Lord. So, Amen. Praise the Lord, brother. So, your wife is doing a good job. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I remember brother Dale, I was talking to brother Dale and nobody but brother Dale could say it like this and such a redneck but and I was talking to him on the phone and driving through town and I said, you know, Brother Dale, we started talking about the scripture where one said, "Oh, I've I've bought a piece of land. I go to look at it. Pray have me excused. I bought a a yolk of ox and I got to go prove it. Pray have me excused." And I said, you know, Brother Dale, I said, all these men were like, "Have me excused. Have me excused." And and you know, we we went all through this list and we were both getting excited. And I said, "Can can you believe uh that this man married a wife and this man bought a land and this man bought a yolk of oxygen?" And brother Dale said, "Huh, I married a wife and she makes me go." So I laughed all the way up the road. We still laugh over that one. Amen. Praise the Lord. But brother Caleb, we're so proud of you. Amen. I appreciate this decision. It's a critical hour. And you know, I just like brother Homer Brown's his philosophy was if there's if there's any question in your heart. No, not even it don't have to be a question about am I born again? Am I have I accepted? It's not really about that. That's not why I got rebaptized. I just did it young and then I wanted to do it again as a young man. I got rebaptized there at the Brandon Tabernacle because it was on my heart. I wanted the whole world to know that that when I was a little boy, I stood for Jesus, but as a young man, I wanted them to know again I stand for the Lord Jesus. Amen. So, we're happy today to bring you back to the water again to be rebaptized as a testimony of continuing faith in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Have a seat right there. Uh, it's okay. Yeah. Oh, brother John Linichek didn't love you as much as brother Luther. Yeah, this water is not warm. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Luther would have you bathtub water waiting, but Amen. Praise the Lord, brother. Let's all Let's pray. Father, what a grand time, Lord, we've had in your word today, all the singing and worship. My goodness, what a place to be on a Sunday coming forward, Lord, from the word of God, our brother. Lord, before we preach the sermon, he wanted to come here. Now that we've preached the sermon today, he still wants to identify with this wonderful reality that is you, the person of Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray today that that the purpose of his heart will be satisfied before your presence, Lord, as we take him down in water baptism in your name. May you meet that great desire that's burning in his heart. Lord, I pray, Father, you're so faithful to that. You're so reliably faithful. We love you for that very reason. We believe you, Lord. We could never not believe you. So we commit it to you now today in Jesus lovely name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Caleb, you can Amen. Cover that. I'm going to put you down and bring you right back up. When's the last time you did it? Nine years old. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Applause] When the redeemed gather in, I will rise that heavenly anthem and that city will be when the redeemed. [Music] are gathered in. When the redeemed are gred in, wash like snow and free from sin. I will shout, I'll sing. When the redee are gred in. Oh, when the redee are gred in. Oh, my soul and free from sin. Oh, I shout and I should see when redeemed are g in great possession on the streets of gold when the redeemed gathered in. Oh my music, all my singing over the city will be rolled. and redeem our wash [Applause] and reorg. Soling when the redee will be listening for they came join that song when the redee Oh gather Oh my soul and the freak of sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. When the redeemed are g, there will be a great possession over on the streets of gold. When redeemed are g. Oh the music singing over the city will be r when the redee when the redee are ging. Oh redee. Oh wash my soul and free from sin. Oh, I will shout. I'll sing. Oh, are my soul and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will see when I get in. One more time. Say again. Oh, wash my soul and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. When redeemed, you may be dismissed. Oh, when redeemed in wash like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout. I will sing. When the redeemed are gathered in [Music] [Music] When the redeemed are gred in wash like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Oh yeah. When redeemed are gred in. I am thinking of the rapture in that blessed home. Oh high. When the redeemed are gred in, I will rise that heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When redeemed are ging. Oh, when redee [Music] wash like snow and free from sin. I will shout, I will sing. [Applause] When redeemer are ging [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Saints will sing redemption glory with their songs clear and strong. When the redeemed are gred in, then the angels will listen for they can't join in that song when redeemed are gy.
