################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 250427-Mathew SmithFaith is a choice (Sunday-School) - Mathew Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   250427-Mathew Smith:Faith is a choice (Sunday-School)
Speaker: Mathew Smith
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dg0XPxPtlE
========================================

All right. Good morning. So, let's all stand and have a word of prayer. Gracious Father, Lord, we want to invite you into our Sunday school this morning. Start our Sunday school with a talking to you, Lord. that father that I could read some text, read some scripture, have some thoughts, but Lord, without you providing the context for it, without you providing the thoughts, Lord, we'd be surely in a bad situation. So, Father, we ask that you would meet us here. Grant, inspire me, Lord, in my thoughts and in my inspire my my words, Father, that what I would have for the people would not be in vain and it would not be um it would not be useless, Father. Father, that if you would speak through me, Lord, that these people would be able to take something from it. They'd be blessed, Lord, that they could draw strength and courage for what we would have to say today. We ask that you'd be with us throughout the morning into the service. Father, we ask this in Jesus precious name. Amen. Um, I want to turn to Hebrews 11:es 1 through3. This is going to be covering a pretty simple topic this morning. um want to go try try to go slower than I normally do because I it's more than what I can cover in one one go and I'll try to pick it up on another time uh if I can't finish today. But um I want to that my subject for today is uh my title is faith is a choice is my is my title and um we'll start with a real real um I guess well-known scripture here. um Hebrews 11 and verse one and it says, "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear." Um y'all can be seated. Um, so I just I want to u just a little bit of commentary on this. Um, so obviously we're all familiar with the scripture. Faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen. Um and then down in verse three it says through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. Now obviously you know especially in this particular church we all very familiar with the concept of faith. You can't really follow the message of the hour without being well um I guess inundated with concepts regarding faith and and having faith and that faith can move mountains and the power of faith and what faith can do and that faith is not simply some it's not just some name it claim it kind of a thing but it's it's got some power in it. It's got it's got um ability to actually do things in the world, right? I mean, a lot of people um you just different denominations that different different takes on theology would almost have God as a an uninterested entity that that God would have created mankind, created the world, created the universe, and just sort of let it go and isn't particularly involved in the day-to-day affairs of humanity or his children. And um you know and or or is something as simple as you know what brother Brandham dealt with a lot you know very summed up very uh poignantly is you know the idea that the days of miracles are passed that faith and the power of faith is just simply something that was for you know the Bible days or something that was for a select group of people who were around Jesus or you know the prophets or what have you. Um and that that their faith can actually do something in the world. Um but our faith is just more esoteric and and sort of ephemeral and we just sort of have faith in a concept and um the you know that's as far as it goes. It doesn't actually do anything in the real world other than you know when one day you you kick the bucket and you go to heaven. Um that's you know like that's the extent of a lot of people's idea of faith and you know you know you have you you make state you know say things like well I'm going to have faith for healing and you know oh you know that's very nice you know maybe maybe the Lord will do something for you um and that's like that you know that's about as far as it goes but nobody really thinks of like oh faith is is literally something that's going to alter the fabric of reality to make someone who's dying not dying. Um, unless you're in a message church, in which case, if you don't believe that, why are you here? You know, this is this is, you know, this is this is where we come to have faith, right? This is, you know, this is we we believe this that the same Christ that was alive 2,000 years ago is alive today. And the same healing that was done then can be done now. on the same the same you know the same power of God that moved on in any prophet's life you know if if you have faith can move in your life you know it's the same whatever you would have need of God can move in a very tangible real way that it's not just some sort of conceptual healing or you know um it's not just some concept of of healing but but literal actual real deal make the lame walk blind to see healing or or provision or whatever you know of people who who are, you know, for whatever reason, maybe they're destitute. you know, things things happen um outside of our control and and we end up in a in a tight place. And sometimes we need not just healing in our in our body per se, but maybe we need healing in our spirit and our mind or perhaps we just need provision in terms of, you know, um like, you know, very, you know, we we we think of the uh the scripture of the of the of the woman who who was uh her her cruise of oil never went dry and her her flower never was gone, you And you know, brother Jason tells a story about this about how I went to India and there was a lady who is in India. So it's not like, you know, they're they're not exactly in a in an economy where food's just fallen out of the sky. And a lot of people are very destitute and poor and they literally live off of begging and the the handouts of strangers. And here's a woman who literally experienced that. She took a hold of a scripture, saw it in the a promise in the Bible of a of a woman who accepted the word for her day and that the Lord never let her her meal uh go empty. And brother Jason saw it with his own eyes. You ask him about it, he'll tell you about it. And you know how this woman took a hold of that promise and prayed and her flower jar literally never went empty. She could make a whole dinner out of it and at the at the end open the lid and there's it is full back so far that the logo on the bottom of the jar was stamped in the flower, right? It just packed it up. You know, this is this is what we believe. And if we don't believe this, then you know where's what's the purpose of of of believing, right? What's the purpose of anything? If God is just sort of, you know, at what point, how are you really any different than anybody else? if you know any other you know one of the other 40,000 interpretations of the scripture if it can't actually do anything you know it's not because if it can't if if if faith in the word for your day cannot do the miracles of the Bible right it cannot do the things in the Bible you know that the that the Bible has shown that the Lord has done then why should we believe that it's going to do anything as far as spiritually as far as changing who we are right I mean it's the same promise the The same promise of salvation is the same promise for healing, right? Isaiah 53, he was, you know, you know, he he was he was uh crucified for our sins, but also for our healing. So it's, you know, if you if it can't do one, then it can't do the other. And so that's why faith is so important. Um and it you know it it and believing right believing the word is so important right you believe the word for your day that's what that's you know and we we know this but you know and even so far as um you know it says through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God so that things which are seen were not made of things that do appear in verse three in in Hebrews 11. Um, and so even so even God had to have faith in his own word, right? If by faith well then if God made the world then he had to have faith in order to do that. He says by faith that he he did it. Um this is from uh who is God in 1950. He says, "And I can see him out there." And he spake and said, "Let there be light." And there was nothing. But there was something happened. And an atom turned turned there and began to whirl around this way. The sun began began to come into existence because he said, "Let there be." There's the authority. Where did he make it from? I don't know. There was nothing to make it from, but he believed his own word and there was light. I can see a piece fly off of that. It's a meteor. So God even God has God has to have faith in his own word. Amen. Right? That's the mechanism that God uses to speak things into existence. If you want to speak things into existence, you have to operate by the same mechanism God does, which is to have faith in God's word. Okay. Now, um I want to move on to Romans chapter 10 and verse 14. Says um how then shall they call on him whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe on him whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it was written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Isaiah said, Lord, who hath believed our report? So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. Now I want to um note something here right again this is another well-known scripture that we have regarding faith and where what is it and where does it come from um so um because going back to my title I said faith is a decision right at the end of at least this is the way I think about it I mean people can people can have their own approach to it I guess but the I've it's always made sense to me is that faith is a decision. That's how it works tangibly, right? That's how it works in the real world. Because at some point, you're going to be presented with the word of God or your own experiences. And you have to make a decision as to whether to believe the word of God or the evidence of your lying eyes. Right? You have to make a decision. And it it's going to come down to a decision. Now, if you want and I'm going to get into that here in a minute. I'm just kind of laying a little bit of groundwork here. But the point about faith coming by hearing, you know, we we know that, okay, well, it's not just like, okay, well, you listen with your ears. Well, it's listen and believe, right? You listen and then when you hear the word of God, you have that is now a decision point. Do you accept it and say that's nothing but the truth? Or do you find some reason as to why it either doesn't apply to you or it doesn't apply the way that you would think it does or somehow not attach it to yourself? Right? There's a a um it's like that story brother Brandham tells about the the the pastor and he's like, "Well, I believe I can run across this log." And the brother says, "That's fine." "Well, I believe I can run across the log with another log on my back." "Oh, brother, I believe that's your faith. You can do it." Well, I can push a wheelbarrow across the log with a with another log on my back. Oh, brother. That's your faith. Believe pastor. I think that you could do it. You you you know, through all God all things are possible. All right. Now, you get in the wheelbarrow. No way. Right. It's it's people. We have this concept of faith. We have a concept of faith that oh well um you know we we have a mental understanding of it but the minute that it goes to attach to you suddenly our decision is to ah no we're not going to we're not going to attach that to me right um another example this is kind of for my own life um so I have a very natural respect for high places and falling from high places and I have always struggled with this which was great with working with my dad having to frame room additions and stuff and him being exasperated, yelling at me from the ground. Shoot the nail gun. You can do it. I'm like, I'm scared. Anyways, um uh anyways, thank God for my dad because he helped me learn how to be a man. Um anyways, the the point is I this is not my not my wheelhouse. And I one point went decided to go rock climbing at one of these indoor rock climbing places. And it's a lot of fun. But there comes a point at which they have those machines. I forget what they call it, but it's a it's like a basically a big winch that's auto it's automatic so that if you start falling, it will start applying the brakes the faster you fall so you won't hit the ground, right? And so you hook yourself to it. You have a harness, you hook yourself to it, and then you climb up the wall. And when it's time to get down, you repel off the wall, right? You got to let go of the wall and jump and have faith in this machine that it's not going to let you hit the ground. Well, you can watch somebody do it. You can go, "Yep, I know exactly what it is." You can Google it, find blueprints for the thing, figure out how it all works. But until you hook yourself to it, and climb up to the top, and then look down and go, "Oh, wow. That's a lot farther looking down than it is looking up, right?" And then you have to let go of it and jump. Well, that's the moment of faith, right? That's it's one thing to to see other people do it, but it's another thing when you're the one having to jump and there's always that moment where it doesn't because the brakes don't catch in quite as fast as you think they would and you're in that split second of freef fall and then you panic, you know, and the temptation is to start grabbing for the wall again. Now, if you do that, then you're going to hit the wall and break your arms, right? You will hurt yourself doing that. You have to jump and commit to it and not try to back out, right? You literally have to jump. It will catch you. You just have to do it. And that's the problem. You know, people people will will have this concept of faith. We'll have this understanding, well, we read the, you know, we heard it preached over the pulpit, whatever. But until you're in a situation where you're just out in the middle of it, and you've you don't have another choice, a lot of times we're going to hang on to that wall as long as we possibly can until there ain't no more options. until your arms until you just have to go. And you know, unfortunately, I wish it were human nature that we would be a little bit more courageous. But unfortunately, the Lord often times has to put us in situations. That's why we have trials and tribulations because the Lord is recognizing that we don't want to naturally go put ourselves in situations where we have to use faith because they're scary, right? And so the Lord will give us trials and tribulations. Now, having faith, hearing by the word, what that is is us attaching that to ourselves, right? And it's hard to do that sometimes because we the pe the the preacher will preach, the word will come forth, we read the scripture, we hear a tape, we hear the preacher preach, and we go, "Oh, that applies to my life, but I don't know that I really want to apply it because that's scary." Right? And so, now we're at a decision point. Do you decide to take the word of God or do you decide to just keep hanging on to your own strength? Now, I want to start getting into this bit about faith being a decision. I got several quotes here um that I want to read. Um uh if you want to hear a lot about this, I suggest listen to the sermon called um By Faith Moses. He gets into this a lot actually. He he said um at the beginning of that that sermon he he says um explicitly that's what he's talking about. It's not as necessary the title but that he says as a subject is um I forget exactly the phrase he used but basically faith being a decision or or deciding by faith. Um so this is this is from uh the true vine and a false vine. It says um now uh now to you them spirits are pulling one to another. Now, being that you're closer to me, um, you're closer to me. Uh, I want to talk to you just a minute. Now, it's still moving between the women. He's dealing with two women, and there's a spirit moving between them. Okay? He says, "Now, you have faith, lady, both of you, because you're right now on the decision ground, right? You he So, he's directly attaching faith to a decision. You have to decide. Do I accept the deliverance that's in front of me or do I say, "Well, it's not there's nothing to it." Right? And the their the decision ground is the moment between it's the the moment where you're deciding whether or not you step out and accept something or not. Um this is from by faith Moses. There is no way to ever please God only by faith. The scripture plainly states it that way and it's by faith. And without faith, says the scripture, it is impossible to please God. So if faith disagrees with science and science disagrees with faith, that puts them um at uh at edge at each other, then we must make take a choice as Moses did. By faith, we believe. Okay. Um also same same sermon. um says uh 5 years from today you may be in hell because you made the wrong decision. 5 years from today you may be cleaning spatoons in a ballroom. 5 years from today you may be a prostitute on the street. Or you may be a man or a woman that's a credit to any society because of your choice for Christ. Five years from today you may be in glory gone in the rapture because you made your choice today. But you got to choose. And don't look at what you see. Choose what you see by faith. That's the only thing that will count. Um is what you choose by faith. Right? At some point, at some point, we have to come to a place where the evidence of what we see is recognized as contrary to the word of God. And we have to step out and say what is provable by science and provable by evidence and provable by observation is contrary to the word of God and therefore it is a lie. Right? Which is harder to say than do sometimes. Right? Sometimes that's you know because sometimes it's we unfortunately we are trapped in the flesh of the human body that c does not see the faith. We don't see the power of God moving. All we can see is what's in front of us. All we can see, all we know is what we feel. All we know is is our, you know, the the the product of our own senses, right? All we can see is, you know, what a doctor presents us with or or, you know, the the evidence that we see in front of us. And it it's so hard to believe something that you can't see, right? Because I mean, after all, the devil will come to you and say, "Well, I mean, if you can't see it, there's no evidence for it. How do you know that it's not just a lie?" Right? And it feels that way sometimes, you know? Um, I mean, think of it like this is one of my favorite scriptures when it comes to faith is Jonah in the fish's belly at the bottom of the ocean and he turns himself towards the temple and he prays and he calls the situation that he is in lying vanities. Amen. Okay. Now, it takes a certain amount of courage or insanity to be in a belly of a fish and say that it's a lie. Wow. Okay. That it is. And and and not only that, but the you know, in the Old Testament especially, the word vanity is is like it's something worthless. It's something insignificant and inconsequential. It's just it's just nothing. It's just a vanity, right? Not only is it a lie, but it's just it's an insignificant, inconsequential lie, right? It's it's it's just nothing. It is can be easily wiped away. But here's Jonah in the most horrible situation you could probably imagine. You know, I don't know. I mean, I don't know of anybody else who's ever heard of somebody going into the belly of a fish and surviving. But here he is saying, "No, this is all insignificant lies." because he knew that it ran contrary to the word of God. Amen, right? And no matter so, so when we when we come to our situations, you know, that's that's the model, right? That's the model. That's the that's the pattern that we have to follow is no matter what sort of thing comes against you, you have a decision to make. You can lay down and die. You know, Jonah Jonah had a decision to make. He could have said, "Well, I, you know, I contradicted the Lord. I ran away from ran the opposite direction of where I was going and you know now I'm in this fish and I guess this is the judgment of God on my life and here I am to die you know God's killing me by fish and you know that was that was a I mean it's perfectly reasonable to me you know but but no he said no this is I don't care what reasonable is I don't care what's rational I don't care what's logical I only care that the word of God said something different and the word of God is right. Okay. Regardless of my situation, the word of God is correct. Um, let's skip that. Now, I I only got a couple minutes left here and I'm going to finish up with um I want to finish up with this couple more quotes if I can. Um, this is from Jesus Christ, same yesterday, today, and forever. The scripture says, "He's the high priest of our confession now. Not the high priest of your feeling, the high priest of your confession." I'm going to skip a little bit in the in the quote just for time. It says, "Now he's sit sitting at the right hand of God to make intercession upon your confession." Amen. Now, he can't do nothing to you or for you until you accept what he has already done and confess it. I'm not saved tonight because I feel like I'm saved. I'm saved tonight because I met God's requirements in his word. God is under obligation. Take care of me if I meet those requirements. Is that right? Amen. So here uh uh I'm going to read this is again from a message called why says just simple just say thank you father you promised it to me I now receive it that's all watch what happens now mean it in your heart just keep saying it over and over if you don't believe it alto together keep saying it until you do believe it amen just keep saying it over. I thank you, Lord, for my healing. Hallelujah. Cuz um cuz what is he? Christ is the high priest of our confession. Is that right? Hebrews 3. All right. He's the high priest of our confession. Then he cannot do one thing for you. Can make no intercession until first you confess that it's done. Now, is that scriptural? High priest of our confession. Then he can only act when we confess. Okay. How many times I know I felt this way and I'm I bet you you felt this way too where we're not we are in a situation where we need healing. Usually it's healing or in a situation where we need the help of the Lord and we will confess, oh, I'm healed. But it doesn't feel that way. There's a little thing in the back of your head that goes, "Ah, do you really believe it?" Cuz it really feels like you're lying right now. Right? It really feels like it's a lie to say that. to say that you're healed when you're not. You know, you can say, "Oh, I'm healed." You know, when somebody asks you, "How you doing, brother?" You know, "How?" "Oh, I'm healed. Praise the Lord, I'm healed." But then there's that little thing in the back of your mind that says, "No, you're not." And to say that is almost a lie, but it's not a lie, right? The word of God is the truth, right? Your feelings are the lie. Right? The heart is desperately wicked. It is deceitful. what your feelings are are most of the time, especially when it comes to the word of God, a lie. They are a scam. They are a fraud. They will deceive you and lead you down the wrong road. Okay? You do not go based off what you feel in your heart. You not go based on what you feel in your emotions. You do not go based off of your experiences and your memories. Okay? These are all aspects of your five spiritual senses and they will they are not what you go off of, right? you don't go based off of anything other than I'm healed. I don't care what the doctor said. I don't care. I don't care that my situation, my symptoms in my body run directly contrary to the word of God. I claim it and say, "I am healed." And even if you don't believe it, you keep saying it over and over again until you do. Okay? We can prove this scientifically. By the way, what you say out of your mouth changes what you believe. Okay? People have this idea. We can again Science has proven this. If you um by the way, if you want to know what science proved this, it was Chinese brainwashing of Korean P or um PS during the Korean War. This is what they did to brainwash soldiers to turn against their home country. They made them write something that was critical of their home country every single day. They made them confess something critical and by the end of it, they were full-blown Chinese communists. Amen. Okay, just say doesn't have to be anything crazy. Just a little critique. You don't just say, "Oh, your home country's awful." Just a little criticism. Wow. You know, and over time that little criticism gets more and more and more because you they force you to dwell on it until eventually you're completely turned complete traitor, right? Well, the same thing works for Christ. Okay? It's the same thing. Brother Brandham said, "The right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass." Mental attitude. Yeah. what you think. Okay? What you say, the approach that you have towards it. What you say changes what you think. It it people have this idea, oh, what I think is expressed in my words. To some extent, that's true. But it goes the other way, too. Okay? It's it's a two-way street. And what you say will change what you believe. It will change what you think. So when the prophet says, even if you don't necessarily believe it and you know you don't believe it and there's a little thing in your in your head saying it's a lie, you say it anyways because eventually it won't be a lie, right? Eventually you will silence that voice. Amen. And I am out of time. Let's stand and pray. Father, thank you for this this morning. Thank you for this message you've given us. Pray Lord that it would the people would be able to attach their their faith to it, Lord, be able to grab hold of it and today they would may be able to make a choice that that they would choose you, Father, they would choose your word that maybe this would be a word that they would help stick in their mind that as they would go through their days, weeks, and months that they could when they would encounter something, Father, that is outside of their control and they they would need you, Father. that we know that Lord that it is not that you help those who help themselves but father you help those who cannot help themselves and father that that Lord that you when we find ourselves in places where we cannot help ourselves we cannot help ourselves to to be healed we cannot help ourselves but to o to to to in order to overcome but father that you can you can help us so father we will have faith we will claim to be overcomers we will claim to be to be uh healed healed, Father, even when it doesn't feel that way. That Father, these few words that I might have said that through through you, Father, they might stick in the hearts of the people and that maybe, Lord, that they would have some courage going forward. And we ask these things in your precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
