################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-01 - Demonology, The Spiritual Realm Pt. 3 - Jason Watkins - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2026-01-01
Title:   Demonology, The Spiritual Realm Pt. 3 - Jason Watkins
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz3eQVmw6lU
========================================

Description:
Demonology, The Spiritual Realm Pt. 3 - Jason Watkins
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We're going home. Heat. Heat. Oh, hey. Another He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Let's sing that again now. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not owe my ow. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never. Could we all clap our hands together now? Oh, he paid a debt at Calvary. My soul set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins. Oh, I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus made a debt that I could never pay. Oh, one day, one day he's coming back. Oh yes, with him eternally. Wanted me glory just to see him all. Oh yes it will. I then I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never. Let's sing that again now. One day, one day he's coming back. Oh, you live with him eternally. Won't it be glory just to see him on that day? Oh, I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, he paid a debt. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not owe. But I owed a debt that I could not pay. I needed someone to come and wash my sins. Oh yes. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. paid a debt that I could never pay. Are you glad that he paid your debt? Amen. I want to sing that song. Um the tip of my tongue. Um no matter what tomorrow brings, I will praise the Lord and die and die as I will praise. Let's go up. Let's go up. I will praise the Lord. Yes, I going to praise the Lord. No matter what. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Sing that to the Lord now. I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow bring, what it what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Sing that again to the Lord now. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise. Here's what I know. No matter what, no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will pray. So, one more time, let's raise our hands and sing it now. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will matter what tomorrow bring what it has in store. I know I Oh, that sounds so good. Let's tell him that tonight. One more time. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I praise you, Jesus. I will praise the Lord no matter what. Tomorrow will break for what it has. Brother Luther, could you come? I know I will praise the Lord. Give him my great big hand clap of praise. He's worthy. Amen. God bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. Little testimony. Sister Kathy's doing a little better. Amen. Just keep holding her up in prayer. Amen. And I believe she's on the mend. Amen. &gt;&gt; Nothing is too hard for our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you have a request upon your heart this evening, I know this is a &gt;&gt; I'm going to say it's a solemn assembly because you want to search yourself and you want to it's a memorial of what he has done for us and we just we want to make sure we're that much more sincere, just that much more dedicated and open to him. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening. And Lord, I just pray for those that are streaming this evening. Lord, where two or three are gathered in your name, there you are in their midst. Father, help us to open our hearts to realize how close you are, the work that you're doing in our lives today. We thank you for the testimony of Sister Kathy. We want to remember our brother Joe, our sister Deborah, Father Lowry. Lord, those amongst us that are not feeling well. We pray for them, Father. in the allsufficient name of Jesus Christ. Listening to brother Brennham today, Lord, and going how when John the Baptist first heard the name of Jesus, six months in a womb, what a great name, Lord, brought him, activated him. And Father, we just pray that you would activate us this evening. We open our hearts to you, Father, that we'll be cleansed before you, Father. We love what you've done for us. And this is just a little sacrament that we do, Father, believing, Father, and thankful, grateful for what you've done as we gather the tithes and offerings. Bless the cheerful giver. Bless your people this evening, Father. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have a special time. Sister Sarah Smith, if she's here, she can get ready for a special. Counts the stars one and all. He knows how much sand is on the shore. He sees every sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything of all creatures great and small. And he knows my name. Every step that I take and every move that I make and every tear that I cry. Oh, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. Oh, every step that I take and every move that I make. Oh, every tear that I cry. Oh, when he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine. Sing it again. Cuz he knows my every step for every step that I take and every move that I make. every tear that Do you believe that tonight? Oh, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. Let's sing the second verse now. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. Oh, I don't have all the answers. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. Lord I know and whom I have he and he knows my name. Oh every step that I take and every move that I make. Oh sing church tell him that. Oh he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine, cuz he knows my name. Let's sing the second verse again now. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. There's what I know, what I know, and whom I have. Oh, raise your hands and sing it now. And he knows my name. And every step that I take and every move that I make, every tear that I cry. Oh, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. He's worthy of it. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated, Sister Sarah. Amen. If you're in the building, you can. There she is. Wonderful. Oh, I know the time is near, but everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds, every prayer said on my knees will lay before me. Consume me. But all I want to see is Jesus revers. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. hurt and selfinflicted pain. And everything that I thought gain will lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name. Healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy consuming fire. But all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. and hear and save. Well done, my preious one. Well done. Well done, my faithful one. But all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. Shine through me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. God bless you to have you in the house of God tonight. Special night special service &gt;&gt; I say that every day Wow. Sometimes just want to say what what are you waiting for? &gt;&gt; Oh my I say all the time that I don't and I mean it quite sincerely. I don't I'm not looking for a shortcut. I definitely want to finish my race. Amen. Don't you man. You want to be like Paul and and say I have finished my course. I've ran my race. And I believe that that saint of God ran it well. And I believe that many uh after him have ran it well. And I believe we are running it well. A lot of times we don't always feel like we are, but I know that uh a lot of it's it's equally as true that you don't realize just how impossible it is that you're that you're still standing for the pure word in an impossible age. Impossible. If it was not for the word that we have, there would be nothing, no way to keep us washed clean. I love the washing of the water of the word. I love knowing that I can come to the Lord and he if I confess my sins, the Bible says he is faithful to forgive me and that he and not only to forgive me but to cleanse me of all unrighteousness. And I just say, Lord, ever cleanse me. Amen. friends, that's why we're here tonight. We're going to uh take just a a little short um kind of more of an exhortation than anything. Don't plan to get into preaching at all. Uh but just want to uh reiterate some things that we talked about Sunday and we're going to go right into the communion service. Amen. You love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to um have my PowerPoint put up and leave you standing because our our opening verse will be right on the title screen actually. Uh so we'll get that up and we'll read it together. This is where we were on Sunday and we were dealing with the second installment in this little series. Have no idea how long it will go tonight. It'll be a third installment. But it takes from this passage in Ephesians 12. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. And so we have been studying how that this is a fact. &gt;&gt; This is a fact. And you're not going to you're not going to walk outside, I hope you don't, and see this image. But that image is real. And I know that's a created image, but I'm telling you, it's a true depiction just in a realm that you can't see. There are there are the forces of Christ and the forces of Antichrist battling and warfare that started prior to Genesis spilled over into the earth. And the book of Revelation shows us in the 12th chapter that you are still fighting that battle right now. It is as brother Brham uniquely coined it. Never heard it. And all the old manuscripts I read and all the old authors and commentators I read and spend my life doing that. I've never read anyone call it the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. Till a prophet did in our day. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word that we've read before the people. And now, Master, we're looking tonight. looking to you, Father, for some guidance. Just a few minutes in the word of God before we turn to the to the sacred elements, Lord, of the communion supper. It's a solemn assembly, as it were, Lord, on this last night, uh, as they say, the year of our Lord, 2025. Unimaginably, we say that, Lord, we would have never thought so in decades prior, even years prior, but here we are. So Lord, we we want to see your coming. We had hoped it would be before now. But until then, my heart will go on singing. Until then, with joy, I'll carry on. Lord, I I'm not turning back. I'm not turning away. I'm pressing toward the mark, that great prize, that great high calling that is in Christ and found only in the pursuit of Christ. We commit it to you now. Commit ourselves into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Now, I don't know if they ever got this going for me. Brother Mark, you might have to cycle that. Let me see what we got here. I'll turn it off and turn it back on. Had a green light momentarily and we're not functioning. So, that's okay. We'll get that we'll get that figured out. Amen. Um, it comes on momentarily and then the green light goes back out. So, it may be a weak battery could possibly be. At any rate, you'll you'll carry that for me. Now, as I say, I don't want to get into uh any type of sermon preaching tonight, but you know, Sunday, we dealt with some things. And as we came down to the end of our of the Sunday sermon, I began to refer to you from the uh restoration of the bride ministry beginning under Luther and going all the way up through our day. And remember friends that that and I won't get this far tonight, but just remember where we're headed in this because we're going to look back again. I I decided to take those quotes and I did a awful lot of research and much time tracking down uh all I don't like to just I like to verify everything that my research indicates, you know, whether I'm using an LLM or not. I like to chase it all down, make sure that we're giving accurate information. And so you're actually going to see tonight I've cited I've used APA citations at the top of each statement so that anybody who wants to go and read some of the books I read, you can go and find them. And they're pretty accessible in this modern age. And I love reading those those uh great manage thinkers. And so uh they just they were anointed, you know, with such brilliance in their mind beginning with Luther and uh and under that man age. And it just uh it's phenomenal. And then when you take in the message of the hour and you hear things, Brother Brandham says, it just turns up the volume. It just amplifies. It's like you plugged it into a 10x amp and it's uh 100x and it's going to uh go through into the stratosphere. Now I So I want you to realize that tonight we're going to go back again because I felt like I rushed over those Sunday. I was running out of time. I had that um that video presentation I showed you. Incidentally, uh, if the booth can look into that, I had a couple of people from, um, out of state and overseas asking me, "Hey, we couldn't see the video that you were streaming." They could see the PowerPoint, but when we switched to the um, to the YouTube video, they couldn't see it. So, they'd like to see it. So, this Sunday, I'm going to show it again because I have a that was the first of a couple of video presentations that I want to show you. And uh I'm eventually coming from Luther and we started with Luther and we went to Wesley and then we picked up the Isuza uh revival fathers and I told you that I included Wigglesworth and Pink in there because they were in that era and brother Brandham admired those great men. I admire their works. I have all of their works and writings and have read them for years. And um and so and then I went from there to Brother Brham and I have a very poignant quote from him tonight and I have some more. I'm only going to hit one from him tonight, but I want you to bear in mind that where we're headed because the message didn't stay with Luther and didn't stop with Wesley and it didn't, you know, pile up with the Zuza revival fathers. Say it went all the way to Elijah. It went all the way to brother Brham and now the final voice to the final age is the bride of Jesus Christ. Under her messenger is the final voice to the final age. Now, this is why we're here tonight to prepare ourselves that in the coming new year, friends, we've got to take up that mantle and and so the Lord willing, uh, Sunday, we're trying to head in that direction. I never know definitively. I can only plan for it and I always do. Uh, but I'm also known to get hijacked on the way to the pull pit and that can happen. So, we'll see. Amen. But you're here tonight. I'm here. The Lord's here and we're going to look at this. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, here is the last quote that we stopped with on Sunday because I want to recapture your mind to that allimp important line. He says, "Maybe in this great day of prosperity that we've been so interested in prosperity till we have left off the main thing. Maybe we have gone off on some kind of a tantrum without him." You'd have to go back. That's a little bit of an archaic language Brother Brandham is using. It's an oldfashioned way of, you know, uh, and I'll I'll break that down more Sunday. I don't want to get into the trenches of that tonight, but a lot of times things can just creep into our life. And we're believers. We don't we don't not become believers. We don't lose our salvation. We don't get unborn again. Uh but but it's the devil's business to distract you and keep you from being the enforcer of all of God's words and to be the continuing expression. He's trying to that's what he did in Genesis. Brother Brandham said he cut off God's entire expression. And so the whole plan of redemption, get get it. This is important. The whole plan of redemption has been restoring that expression and taking it forward like it should have went from the Garden of Eden, but it was interrupted and we're in the last stages. Hallelujah. Oh, the last names on that roll are just about ready to be taken home. Amen. So, so we don't want to be distracted from the main thing. The main thing. And uh I'm starting with brother Brandham saying that and you're going to find out that when I use my last quote of brother Brandham, it really is a circling back to make this point. He's not using that language, but you'll see why here in a minute what the real main thing is. So if you'll just indulge me for a few minutes, I want to start back and and and peruse those quotes that I gave you Sunday. We rushed through them. I felt like I didn't do them justice. And I want you to to take them in tonight and absorb them. When I say I'm going to go through them quickly, I'm not going to go through them so quickly you can't sit and absorb it because we're about to come to the Lord's table. And I want you to realize the warfare that we are in. I remember and I might say it more more times as the series goes along. It was one of the last statements I made in the first installment. I made it Sunday in the second installment. We are at war. and I don't plan to lose it. &gt;&gt; We're predestinated not to lose it. See, but that's not that's not pixie dust sprinkled on you. It's not Peter Pan. Th this is not something just falling out of a tree and hitting you on the head. This is this is God's provision of weaponry, but you got to pick it up and put it on and keep it keep it working. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. That is the secret to an overcomer's life. And I don't know about you, but as a Christian, I want to be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; I want that. So, I want to overcome. You say, "What all do you want to overcome?" Everything. &gt;&gt; I want this flesh to be so completely under the control of the Holy Spirit. And I'm striving for it. I'm I'm pressing for it. Like Paul said, I'm constantly pressing for it. Amen. So, let's go back and you just come with me to uh ages past and we'll look at these messengers and I want you to evaluate these statements clearly. As I say, I've researched them for authenticity and you have the uh citations in APA style at the top. This is Luther on the armor of God. Let me turn put it here so I don't have to turn around. So, Luther begins by saying St. Paul tells the Ephesians, "If you wish to be strong and invincible, &gt;&gt; let the Lord let let allow permit let this mind be in you. &gt;&gt; Let the word of God dwell in you richly. Permit that allow that." St. Paul tells the Ephesians, "If you wish to be strong and invincible, yay, Lord, let the Lord Christ be your strength. Take hold of him." That's a proactive statement. That's not passive. I If you walk past me, the only way I take hold of you is if I take hold of you. &gt;&gt; See, take hold of him. This is your fifth church age messenger. &gt;&gt; All right. He's under the uh anointing of the man age, anointed by God to figure these things out. Uh let Christ be your strength. Take hold of him and exercise yourselves in him. Such an important statement that he is well known to you and preserve his word in its purity. Learn it diligently. Use it daily. So this is why brother Brandham would say, "Brother Brandham, how do we get closer to God?" Read your Bible and pray. Did you know that Martin Luther required of his students and felt that every Christian should memorize by heart the entire book of Romans? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And be able to recite it by heart. I haven't got there yet. So, I'm going to have to be a little embarrassed when I see brother Martin say, "Brother Martin, I didn't quite get there. Uh, but I had a lot more information to memorize than you. So, give me a give me a pass. I had to cover a lot more ground. You had a very little bit. You didn't know it at the time. But I'm glad he had this. &gt;&gt; See, so you exercise it and and and and he was tapping in on the secret that the word of God when it's anointed by the Holy Spirit is impregnated with changing power. We're washed clean by the washing of the water of the word. He sent his word and healed the people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word of God is health to all your flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. See? All right. Learn it diligently. So, read it. Use it daily. Next. Impress it upon your mind and soul with such intensity that God's word and your heart by and by become one and the same thing. Brother Brandham said that. He said, I in in in Israel worthy of the gospel, don't read ahead of me. He said, "I want it so much that that his his mind and my mind will be the same. That his word and my mind will be the same thing." See, and uh and he says that and be one in the same thing. So that you may be sure in your confidence, more certain than of your own life. ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE ALIVE? &gt;&gt; Are you sure? &gt;&gt; You should be more sure of this than that. See, if you have done that, then you are really strong and firm and will remain unconquered and secure. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What John Wesley with my citations at the top. Ephesians 6:11. Wesley quoting in his in his verse by verse which I have. Um, put on the whole armor. You can see his oldfashioned way of spelling it. Put on the whole armor of God. The Greek word word means a complete suit of armor. This was Wesley's big thing. You got to wear it all. See, believers are said to put on the girdle breastplate shoes to take the shield of faith and the sword of the spirit. The whole armor as if the armor would scarce stew. It must be the whole armor. It must be the whole armor. This is re this is repeated verse in verse 13 because of the strength and and sub and subtlety of our adversaries and because of an evil day of sore trial being at hand &gt;&gt; and how &gt;&gt; oh brother John if you only knew brother you had no idea many times we would say oh for your simple day brother where where women dressed like ladies 100% on the streets where where the bad parts of town were kept away from the town and where schools used the Bible as their primmer. &gt;&gt; Amen. And where governments prayed before they began sessions. How we'd love to return back to those days of innocence. And he is saying you need all of the armor in that day &gt;&gt; BECAUSE HE CALLED THAT AN EVIL day of sore trial being at hand. Does this inform your thinking? Does this speak to you? It speak it spoke to me tremendously as I read over these statements. He goes on Wesley explained that in the evil day uh times of intense trial, this is a commentator comment commenting on his life. The goal is, and now he's quoting him, quoting scripture, having done all to stand. This means, now we're back to Wesley's teaching. This means after preparing and doing everything, the Christian must still keep on the armor, STAND STILL STAND UPON GUARD, STILL WATCH AND PRAY. &gt;&gt; SO after you've done everything to be a Christian, you're only getting started. You still have to keep on all the armor and you have to keep standing and YOU HAVE TO STAY on guard and you HAVE TO STAY AT WATCHFUL and in prayer &gt;&gt; for Wesley's evil day. &gt;&gt; What about yours? &gt;&gt; What about the ones your the day your children face? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's nothing you can do. How we'd like Brother Brandham said that. He said, "How many times I'd think I'd like to take my children and raise them back in the wilderness with the Indians." And he said, "Then of course I find out there's bad Indians. It it doesn't the evil the evil is all over the earth." See, so he goes on, "By preserving in full alertness and prayer, we will be enabled to endure unto the end and stand with joy, hallelujah, before Christ's face." Omission of any part of the armor or corresponding spiritual duty leaves a believer vulnerable. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's a pretty stiff statement. &gt;&gt; Next. Whoever fights the powers of hell, how many warriors? Whoever fights the powers of hell needs every weapon God provides. He that is covered with armor from head to foot and neglects even one thing will be foiled after all. In short, the want of any one thing makes him incomplete. Six church age messenger that is straight from the six church age messenger that the want of any one thing in all your pieces of armor make you incomplete and make you vulnerable. And if it makes parents vulnerable, it makes children vulnerable. If it makes preachers vulnerable, it makes ASSEMBLIES VULNERABLE. I SAY WE PRESS TOWARD THE MARK, FRIENDS. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. Moving into the 20th century, the Isuza fathers on the armor of God. AMA citations at the at the top. This is Seymour and Parm and John G. Lake and Frank Barlam. Um, yeah. And so they I had smile in there also, but um he was kind of really kind of prior even prior to the Welsh revival over the pond and he was uh he was a Baptist and so he got involved in it kind of early but he's not perfectly speaking. Some list include him. I decided not to. Here's your um Barlaman and Lake and Pum and Seymour. We must be living witnesses in these last days when the power of hell and the clouds of darkness are gathering over this old world. This is 1906. &gt;&gt; 1906. &gt;&gt; I mean th this is now in in Revelation. This is just at the time when uh uh the the book of Revelation shows an angel fall like a star falling from heaven and brother Brandham ties it back to Lucifer in Isaiah 12. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning. And that angel is Lucifer, identified by a prophet with a key given a special authority to unlock the bottomless pit and release pent up evil &gt;&gt; to stream into the world. And that's why it didn't take long after that for World War I, &gt;&gt; Amen, &gt;&gt; which had never happened in the earth. It had never been global war. So, you hear of wars and rumors of wars. Jesus said the time is not that those things must be. But now it's becoming to the woes. First woe, second woe, third woe, and the whole woes go one, two, three to sweep mankind from the face of the earth. And so we realize that this is the time. And brother Brandham in his language would say the lids torn from hell &gt;&gt; and demon powers are streaming INTO THE EARTH. 1906, HERE'S WHAT they're saying. We must be. &gt;&gt; Everybody say must be. &gt;&gt; We must be. THESE ARE YOUR PENTECOSTAL FATHERS. We must be living witnesses in these last days when the powers of hell and the clouds of darkness are gathering over this old world. Next, hearts and hearts are hardened by sin. You have no idea, brothers. Hardened by the curse of the age. You have no idea, brothers. That is resting upon the world. Oh my goodness, friends. And I think that we have become living witnesses of everything these messengers feared the worst of. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Next, God is going to require of us the souls of men. Brother Brandham preaches it like this. We must have on the whole armor of God and be able be able be able to quench all the fiery darts of the enemy. born in the late 1800s, died somewhere around the early 50s. Arthur Pink, next slide. Uh this was brother Brandham uh admired Pink, read from uh some of his stuff and there are statements brother Brandham takes that are straight out of the sovereignty of God. The brother Arthur Pink wrote the wrote the book The Sovereignty of God and he wrote it and put a bunch of different categories and uh my dad came across that book when he was a young believer and he liked it so well he gave a copy to brother Perry Green and brother Perry told him later he said Eddie he said I loved it so much I went to give it to brother Brandham and brother Brandham said oh brother Perry I have that book on my nightstand I read from it every night. &gt;&gt; Amen. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Verse 11, our first need is to stir up ourselves to resist temptation by a believing reliance upon God's allsufficient grace. So he's FORGIVEN YOU. &gt;&gt; GET TO FIGHTING. &gt;&gt; HE'S FORGIVEN YOU. &gt;&gt; GET TO FIGHTING. YOUR PAST IS GONE. GET ON THE FRONT LINES. I I KNOW YOU YOU'D RATHER NOT THINK ABOUT IT. I KNOW WE'RE ALL ASHAMED OF OUR PAST, BUT HE HAS HE HAS CLEANSED ME FROM all unrighteousness &gt;&gt; by believing re by a believing reliance upon God's allsufficient grace. That is obtaining from him the strength which will enable us to go forth and fight against the foe. Our second greatest need is to be wellarmed for the conflict into which we must daily enter. So notice he broke it into a first. Your first thing is to rely on him and his word and his grace. SECOND THING IS THE ARMOR. See this is the relation between verses 10 and 11. Be strong in the Lord first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Put on the WHOLE ARMOR OF GOD SECOND. AMEN. &gt;&gt; SEE, so first stir up yourselves to resist temptation, seeking strength at the beginning of the day for THE CONFLICT, NOT FOR maybe a conflict, for the conflict. I hope you started today getting yourself READY TO BE A CHAMPION TODAY. &gt;&gt; AMEN. THEN SEE TO it then after you've done that see to it that you take unto yourselves put on the whole armor of God. So Pink is preaching and this is some of my own alignment here. So Pink is is saying to us strength before armor, communion before conflict, dependence before defense. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? SO THERE'S THERE'S A METHOD TO THIS. AMEN. So the CHRIST NOW NOW HERE'S A COMMENTATOR commenting on something Pink had to say. The Christian's first need is not equipment but strength drawn from the Lord himself maintained by a living practical fellowship WITH CHRIST. WITHOUT that armor won't help much at all. Amen. &gt;&gt; Without maintaining a living, PRACTICAL FELLOWSHIP WITH CHRIST, without maintaining daily a living, PRACTICAL FELLOWSHIP WITH CHRIST, ARMOR WON'T DO YOU MUCH GOOD AT ALL. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; SEE, Saul's armor wouldn't work for David. You understand? BECAUSE THAT WAS ECCLESIASTICAL ARMOR. ECCLESIASTICAL ARMOR IS BIBLE MEMORIZATION WITHOUT THE SPIRIT OF GOD TO QUICKEN IT IN YOUR LIFE. SEE, &gt;&gt; THAT'S NOT THAT'S NOT EFFECTIVE. BROTHER BRANDON WOULD SAY, "SATAN DOES NOT CARE HOW RIGHT YOU ARE IN YOUR DOCTRINE. HE DOESN'T CARE HOW RELIGIOUS YOU ARE." SEE, it's about the life. All right. Now, I got to keep moving. And so for this reason, I included FF Bosworth because I've said to you many times, I've never showed you the exact quote, but when Bosworth in his Christ the healer is commenting on James 4:7, "Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you." Bosworth says the Holy SPIRIT TELLS US TO SUBMIT OURSELVES TO GOD BEFORE HE says resist THE DEVIL BECAUSE NO ONE HERE'S A GREAT VETERAN OF THE ISUZA REVIVAL, BROTHER BRANDHAM'S BOSOM FRIEND. NO ONE CAN SUCCESSFULLY RESIST THE DEVIL until he submits himself to God. See, &gt;&gt; when the devil is thus resisted, HE WILL NOT MERELY walk away, but he will literally run or flee from you. Hallelujah. THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO SEE, FRIENDS. &gt;&gt; AMEN. Y'all calm down. I'm not supposed to be preaching. to Wigglesworth who was uh there in England and had such a dynamic supernatural ministry. Second only in in in all the in all the MINISTRIES I'VE STUDIED AND I'VE STUDIED PRETTY MUCH ALL OF THEM OVER my whole life of years. Um it it Wigglesworth would almost have to be second only to William Brandham in the amount of supernatural that that happened on in his life on a daily basis. It didn't matter where he was on a ship, in an elevator, walking into a bank, walking into church. People would stop him. He would command demons out of people on the spot. Raise the dead. This and and and as his as he's dying and leaving the earth, William Brandham is coming on the scene and Elijah and and and he's being and brother Brandham is being called to the ministry and it's going to go forward there. And I don't remember I don't have the years of how that phased out and one phased in but uh it's right in that time frame. So Bosworth um I mean I'm Wigglesworth Wigglesworth. I hope I said Smith Wigglesworth. It's this the next guy Smith Wigglesworth. Uh next uh frame. Oh, there we go. Now listen to this. There's your APA at the top. If one thing, this is a man who constantly did miracles, raised the dead, healed the sick, cancers, didn't matter what it was, he would command the devil to leave and the devil would leave. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Time after time, hundreds and thousands of times, he was influenced coming out of the Welsh revival in 03 or no 0405. And then it comes across the pond, hits Isuza in '06, and Wigglesworth is in England. He's going wide open under he's he's in the Pentecostal revival. If one thing is permitted outside the will of God, it hinders us in our standing against the powers of Satan. &gt;&gt; We must allow the word of God to judge us, lest we stand condemned with the world. Anything. Anything that hinders me from dying to self. Don't read. Look at me. Anything. &gt;&gt; ANYTHING. YOU'VE ALL GOT YOUR ANYTHINGS. I GOT SOME ANYTHINGS. &gt;&gt; AND I'VE HAD TO SAY I'M I BELIEVE, BROTHER WIGGLESWORTH, THAT ANYTHING THAT I ALLOW IN MY LIFE THAT HINDERS ME DYING COMPLETELY, &gt;&gt; that's a problem. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, brother, brother Joel USED TO ALWAYS SAY, "PRAISE THE LORD, I AIN'T GOT A PROBLEM." CUZ YOU GOT A PROBLEM, &gt;&gt; but I But YOU WANT TO KEEP THAT PROBLEM, THEN I GOT A PROBLEM. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; SO, we don't want to. We all got problems. I DON'T WANT TO KEEP THEM. &gt;&gt; I don't want you TO KEEP THEM. LET'S GET RID OF THEM. &gt;&gt; LET'S COMMIT THEM TO GOD TONIGHT AND TAKE THE LORD'S SUPPER AND SAY, "LORD, I'M GOING INTO 20 26 AND I'M NOT GOING TO CARRY THAT PROBLEM WITH ME ANYMORE." Anything that hinders me from dying to self, separating from the world, cleaning my life up, or entering through the narrow gate, anything that interferes with that is Satan's power. Un, and he quotes Jesus, unless a grain of wheat falls in THE GROUND AND DIES, it remains alone. Brother Brandham took off on that so many times. You've got to die and rot and be born again completely. See? All right. And that's AND THAT'S THAT'S NOT JUST THE MACRO. THAT'S THE MICRO. I MEAN, IN THE MACRO PICTURE, I'M BORN AGAIN. SO, I I HAVE DIED AND BEEN BORN A NEW TO CHRIST. BUT IN THE MICRO NOW, I STILL GOT DAILY I STILL GOT PROBLEMS WITH THIS FLESH. I STILL HAVE TO LET THOSE THINGS DIE. AND AND WHEN THEY TRY TO COME BACK UP CUZ THIS FLESH AIN'T DEAD YET. I GOT TO KILL IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN. &gt;&gt; WHY DO YOU THINK PAUL SAID I I KEEP UNDER I BEAT MY BODY TO KEEP UNDER IT. &gt;&gt; SEE? AND SO AND SO HE'S NOT TALKING ABOUT LASHING HIMSELF. HE'S TALKING ABOUT CONDUCTING HIMSELF IN SUCH A WAY THAT THE DEVIL CAN'T GET to him. &gt;&gt; AND SO WIGGLESWORTH GOES ON, a halfway dedication won't do. Don't read. I promise you. Listen, Brother Jason's been around a while. I promise you, a halfway dedication will leave you baldled up in a corner crying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And regretting, &gt;&gt; saying, "Lord God, what happened to me?" &gt;&gt; A halfway dedication won't do. Total yieldedness to God is required so that no is left in our spiritual armor. Only a yielded consecrated holy life can become as he said a flame of fire in God's hands. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; One quote here from brother Brandham. Take on the whole armor of God. 1962. Like Peter was, he was good with his sword. When Jesus got in trouble, he pulled out his sword. He could flop any way. Cut the high priest, his servant's ear off with a sword. But when it come to real Christian courage, &gt;&gt; he didn't have it. &gt;&gt; He had a courage. He had a zeal. But when it come to real Christian courage, he didn't have it. He could duel the creed just as good as anybody. I mean, there's a lot of, you know, c can I just say, and please, you're going to have to let me explain this because you're going to maybe I don't want it to sound come out the wrong way. Are you a message believer or are you a real Christian? &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, brother Bradley. I'm both. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm because I'm a real Christian. I'm a message believer, but not the other way around. &gt;&gt; JUST BECAUSE I'M A THE DEVIL'S A MESSAGE BELIEVER. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THEY KNOW IT'S THE TRUTH. AND ANYBODY THAT GOES TO WITH WILLIAM BRANDON, WHEN WILLIAM BRANDON STOOD THERE IN CHICAGO and challenged those doctors OF DIVINITY, BRING YOUR BIBLE AND DISPROVE ANY ONE OF MY TEACHINGS. THEY COULDN'T DO IT. THEY DIDN'T EVEN TRY TO DO IT. THEY DIDN'T EVEN WANT TO TRY TO DO IT. &gt;&gt; SO, IT'S NOT ABOUT IT'S NOT ABOUT BEING CONVINCED mentally and being a believer. MESSAGE CHURCHES have people who sit in them who believe God SENT A PROPHET WHO ARE NOT REAL CHRISTIANS. &gt;&gt; THEY I'M NOT SAYING THEY DON'T LOVE JESUS. I'M NOT SAYING THEY DON'T LOVE I'M NOT SAYING THEY DON'T WANT TO BE A CHRISTIAN. I'M JUST SIMPLY SAYING THERE ARE SOME WHO HAVE NEVER COMPLETELY DIED OUT AND BEEN BORN AGAIN BY THE SPIRIT OF GOD. SO THAT THEN THE MESSAGE ISN'T JUST HERE, it's here. AND WHEN IT'S HERE, IT COMES OUT OF HERE. AND THAT'S WHEN THE DEVILS WILL MOVE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; That's when that's ONLY WHEN BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'LL FACE. &gt;&gt; I I I HAD SOME SOME MEN COME OUT THIS MORNING to put a building A STORAGE BUILDING BEHIND MY HOUSE. I WAS I DIDN'T GET up expecting what was about to happen to me. They he told me he said when I got bought it the other day, he said, "Can we come early?" And I said, "You're talking to the right man." And I said, "My dad said it should be a federal law that every man's out of the bed at 5:00 a.m. I wake up early." And I said, "You can't get there too early for me." He said, "Okay, thank you." I My phone took a hit this morning. I looked at it like 2 minutes AFTER 600. WE ON THE WAY. I'M LIKE, "IT'S DARK OUTSIDE." They pulled up in THE DARK AND WE USED FLASHLIGHTS AND THEY GOT IT around there. Really? Some nice guys at Gracland Buildings. If you ever want to meet some nice guys, those are great guys. Brother Mark turned me on to those to those buildings up there. I'm so glad I got that. And uh and he had a helper with him, a black gentleman. And and it's and as soon as he got OUT OF THE TRUCK, HE DIDN'T KNOW I WAS A PASTOR. HE DIDN'T KNOW he didn't know. He didn't put together the church, the house, you know. And so we just started talking. And he, you know, he he starts away with his little bit of foul morning language. And I just um I don't I let people be who they are. I don't want them to put on anything for my sake. You know, a lot of times I don't tell them at all I'm a preacher till I I wait till I've given them enough rope and then I Oh, by the way, what do you do? Well, I'm a salesman. &gt;&gt; I sell life assurance. &gt;&gt; Can we talk about a policy? &gt;&gt; Well, he figured out who I was. But before he did that, before he figured out that I was the pastor, cuz I eventually finally told him, he started talking about, "Oh man, this arthritis, boy, it gets me. Oh my goodness, when I try to get up in the morning, man, I'm so stiff. I can't hardly move." He said, "I'm hurting so bad right now." And I was like, "Is that right?" And you know, I And so I just I'm still thinking about let's get my building around here. It's dark. It's cold. Let's get this over with. And I'm walking away and all of a sudden somebody's tapping me on the shoulder and it's the Holy Spirit saying, "What are you going to do about that? I was like, "Do about what?" Said, "This man said he has arthritis and he's suffering. Do you think it's some accident that out of seven and a half billion people in the earth, I sent him to you?" &gt;&gt; And and and he wasn't even when you bought the building, you've never seen him. This guy has brought him as a helper. And you think that's an accident? I said, "Okay, Lord, let's turn around. Let's go back." And so I waited for all the business to get done. And I didn't want to interrupt that. But uh I finally, you know, I just um and then he started talking about I said, "Well," I said, "The Lord can heal that." And he goes, "Oh, I know that's true." And then the then the other guy, then he gets religious and oh, have you heard about that holy water out in Blackwell? I'm like, "The what?" He goes, "Yeah, people people come from miles and get healed." And I said, "Is that right?" And so, and I'm thinking, Lord, what in the world? And so I thought, WELL, NOW I CAN'T LET THIS GO. I'M GOING TO HAVE to correct that error. And it's NOT A IT'S NOT A GRIEVOUS ERROR. They're very sincere in it and they're very grateful. They're not criticizing. They're actually saying, "This is wonderful." And he's telling his friend, "You should go get in that water." So I just let the whole thing go around. And finally, when it come back, I waited till everything was done. And I kne I had just given the man five grand. So I figured he'd let me have 90 seconds to witness to him. And so I I said, "Listen." And I said, "What's your name?" He said, "William." And I said, "Oh, that's a good name." Wow. And I said, "Now listen, William." And I started started giving him a testimony. I said, "Listen, William, in this little church right here, I'm the pastor." He said, "Oh, okay. Praise the Lord." And I said, and he said, "Man," I SAID, "I'M GOING TO BE IN CHURCH. I'M GONNA BE IN CHURCH SOMEWHERE TONIGHT because it's New Year's. I'm gonna be in church somewhere." I said, "Well, you you know, here you go." And uh and and and so I said, "Listen, in that little building, we we have had miracles over the years. So many miracles, cancers, and tumors vanished off of people. People have come in with failing kidneys and had them start back up. We've seen I've and I said, I have traveled around the world for years, and I've I've seen epilepsy come off of little girls. I've seen blinded eyes open on elderly ladies." I said, "So it doesn't matter your age. It doesn't matter your culture, what color you I said, "The Lord doesn't respect persons that way." And I had both of them, their undivided attention. And I said, "Listen, William." I said, "The reason that water out there in Blackwell, the reason that can work, I'm not saying it it it would. I'm saying the reason it can is because people have faith in that." See, I said, "It's not the water that heals anybody." I said, "Water doesn't even save you &gt;&gt; to it certainly can't heal you." And I said, and and so I said, "The reason it does is it's faith." people put their faith in that. I said, 'Now, let me give you something better. Put your faith in the promise of God's word. And here's the promise that that day on Calvary means Jesus has already healed you." And I said, "And you got to believe that and accept it and it's yours for the taking and you put it in the past and just start thanking him for doing it and he'll let you get well." And I said, "We I'm not I'm not I'm not wasting your time." I said, "I'm 100% convinced. I'll pray for you right now and the Lord will take this arthritis away from you absolutely 100% if you'll believe it and accept it and just walk in it and it'll come to pass. Your body will obey your confession. LISTEN FRIENDS, I THEY CAN'T TELL ME. I DIDN'T BEEN AROUND THE WORLD PRAYING FOR PEOPLE. I done seen it too many times. You come too LATE TO TELL ME GOD DOESN'T JESUS SAVES. JESUS HEALS. &gt;&gt; It's in the same atonement. AS LONG AS I'M PREACHING SALVATION, I'LL PREACH DIVINE HEALING. And so, so I just said, "You can I pray for you?" And he said, 'Absolutely. And I prayed for him right there. And I said, 'Now you come back and you give me the testimony. I said, now it's according to your faith. But remember, and I gave him what brother Brandham said. If Jesus was standing here right now, William, and you said, Lord, would you heal me? He would say, William, I cannot heal you because I've already healed you 2,000 years ago. I said, so William, you put that in the past tense. That's Bosworth language. You put that in the past tense and you just start thanking God for it. Now that's William Brandon language. Just start thanking him. Go thanking him. You remember that time I PUT HOW MANY QUOTES UP HERE? A DOZEN or more or 20 or so where brother Brandon would just bring PEOPLE THROUGH THE PRAYER LINE AND SAY, "NOW go thanking him and you'll get well. Now just start thanking him. He'll let you get well. Now go praising him and you'll be all right." See? SO HE'S ALREADY done it. &gt;&gt; See? And so AND SO I AND SO I PRAYED FOR HIM and and I had always all my life. I don't know how I never thought of it in my whole life. I've played I've prayed for plenty of black people, but I it's never occurred to me. And as I'm praying for him, I could hear William Brandham in my head. And I started saying, "Lord, it was an African man, Simon ofSirene, who carried your cross." And I've got my hand on him and I said, "Now here stands one of his children." And I had always wanted to pray that prayer like that. And when I said that, you could just feel him. He just it touched him so much. Will you help me pray for THIS MAN NAMED WILLIAM? I'm just believing. I've been praying FOR HIM ALL DAY. LORD, DO IT. &gt;&gt; REVEAL. Quicken it to him, Lord. Let him be healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Peter, he could duel the creed just as good as anybody could. But when it come to spiritual courage, he didn't have it. SO, HE FAILED RIGHT THERE. NOW, WHY? He only knowed one thing, his creed. But, brother, after he went up to Pentecost, he put on the whole armor of God. &gt;&gt; Now, watch him. He's a different person. Now, see, here's where Brother Brham turns up the volume. That brother Brandham doesn't get down into the trenches with so much like Luther and Wesley and the Zuza Revival fathers, Pink or Bosworth or even Wigglesworth. BROTHER BRANDHAM IS SAYING LOOK WHAT YOU NEED IS THE TOKEN. WHAT YOU NEED IS THE WHOLE LIFE OF CHRIST. THAT IS THE WHOLE ARMOR AND YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM. IT'S NOT ABOUT IT'S NOT A MENTAL PSYCH GAME. I'M IMAGINING A SWORD IN MY HAND. I'M IMAGINING A HELMET. I'M IMAGINING THIS. THAT'S NONSENSE. THIS isn't mental warfare. THIS IS DEMONOLOGY IN THE SPIRITUAL REALM. SEE, and I it's my relationship with Christ. See, watch him now. He's a different person now. What was it? That word that he had walked with was in him, burning him up with fire in his flesh and soul. He had the whole armor of God on. That's God's provided armor. He had the baptism filled with the Holy Ghost. What is it? Fair question. What is it? God makes himself everpresent in his own army. Aren't you glad for that? God on the day of Pentecost sent down the full armor of God for his army. &gt;&gt; This is war. &gt;&gt; We are an army. &gt;&gt; We are an army. This is war. And I don't plan to lose it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; God bless you. We're going to stop. Praise the Lord. Now, um going to stand you back to your feet at this time and we're going to ask the brothers to begin. Um I'm I'm assuming everything here is set to go. Brother Luther is always so efficient at that. We've got a number of families uh that are out sick. We had some Sunday who are back with us tonight and then some other ones that were here and and couldn't be tonight. I got a report from Brother Jack. He's with Sister Kathy and uh and they'll be doing the communion as we are. Uh they're streaming live. Uh brother Bruce and Sister Linda also sent to me that as we're taking communion, they'll be serving each other communion. So, it's a wonderful thing to see our friends who can't be with us here tonight. Brother Tony and his whole family have been sick. So, uh uh so, so we want to keep them in prayer tonight. Brother Jack said, "Sister Kathy, her bleeding has stopped. She's got a little bit of discharge, but other than that, she's doing much better. And he's just believing God is going to completely heal her. And I say amen to that. Amen. We sure miss Brother Jack and Sister Kathy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um I want to um to read from um 1 Corinthians chapter 11. Um let's uh let's see. Um, Deb, what where you at, sister? Um, uh, yeah, go relieve her, Josie. And Deb, come in to the piano just for a minute. I know I'm uh running this out of sync just a wee bit from what brother Matt has set up, but if you'll just uh give me some soft piano. I want to read these scriptures as we begin to kind of change the atmosphere from um from ministering to the distribution of these these sacred articles in 1 Corinthians chap 11 just something softly as you choose sister Deb verse 23 for I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread and when he had given thanks he broke it and said take eat this is my body thank you brother Luther which is broken for you this do in remembrance of me after the same manner He also he manner also he took the cup when he had sucked saying this cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. Now that's whenever I read that that has such an ominous sound. But I want you to notice the next word. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. So the verses prior to that are not a prohibition. Say, "I don't feel worthy." Get get worthy. &gt;&gt; Repent. Give your heart to the Lord. See, set yourself set your heart right now. Examine your life. You just heard enough preaching. You should have been examining your life already. See, but let a man examine himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself. You know, you a secret sinner, and you got things that aren't under the blood. That's unworthy. See, you eat and drink damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. That is so comforting to me to know that I am partaking of of sacraments that that that that speak to the fact that I am trusting Christ for my entire life. I have committed my soul. The most valuable thing you have is your soul. And I've committed that to the word of this hour. Let's bow our heads in prayer. Master, we come now to this sacred moment of partaking of the bread and the wine. And we settle ourselves, Lord, in our hearts and minds. and I slow my own pace down and settle my own spirit down now, Lord, to this solemn moment. We thank you for the word and the inspiration that we felt. Thank you for what it means to us, Lord. I've pondered those statements long, and I I have said to you, and so say I again, Lord, I want my whole life. Lord, let it be that tonight could be a complete renewal for anyone who needs it. Father, I I rededicate my whole life to you. I'm sorry for all the mistakes I've made in this past year of 2025. I'm sorry for that, Lord. I'm sorry for all the times that either I didn't follow your leadership when I should have or maybe I act presumptuously when I shouldn't have or did that which wasn't pleasing, grieved your spirit. Lord, may you forgive me. You know, it wouldn't be in our hearts to be that way. Lord, this world is a dark place. This flesh, Lord, in an unredeemed condition with everything that that feeds it from the world. We can hardly escape it, Lord. No matter where we go, the pollution, the pollution of sin, it it pervades everything, Lord, that we function in and about with just everyday life, Lord. We don't go looking for it. It finds us everywhere we go. But Father, I pray for fresh cleansing tonight of all hearts, minds. May every person, Lord, here in this building and out abroad and those who are taking the Lord's supper with us at this time, I pray this prayer for us all. Lord, as Job prayed, per adventure, one of his family members had sinned. He offered sacrifice for them. I pray for my whole church assembly and all those that you have placed under my care. Lord, we commit it to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, we're going to allow our musicians to come first. Uh they will replace Sister Deborah, if you want to come down and let's have the musicians and their families um come first so that they can take the platform and then we're going to have some song specials when the during the remainder of it. Amen. Amen. Let's have our musicians come with their families at this time. Uh straight straight go around this way and come straight in like this. Amen. Deb, you can join your family when they when they get up here. Come prayerfully. Okay. Okay. Baby, Amen. We're going to have our musicians playing and singing for us. We're going to take this side first. Just let you come. Those who haven't yet taken it past before at this time, come ahead. for what you are doing it me all though I am not yet what I need to be for in my I often find there's too much of me. I pray you take it away and then you'd stay where I used to be. I love you for what you are doing in me. Although I am not yet. All this middle can begin to come in line. One in the middle. &gt;&gt; I often find there's too much of me. I pray you take it away and then you'd stay. where I used to be. I fallen so far that I've broken my own heart again. what you've seen, the things I've done and what I have become. But you're the one who made me out of dust. So make me one more time. And when you look at me, I want to be what you had in mind. I love you for what you are doing. in me. Alough I am not yet what I need to be. In my mind I often find there's too much &gt;&gt; all the rest of the people can come through that And then you'd stay where I used to be. through prophets old. Your word was spoken. Now on the page I can read how you came down. Your body broken and now your spirit can dwell in me. Dwell in me. Dwell in me. So the world your life may see and in your presence I can be constantly if your spirit would dwell in me. Oh, the love Lord that you have shown me. Oh, the grace that sets me free in my heart, Lord. May your home be. Oh, let your spirit come dwell in me. Dwell in me. Dwell in me. So the world your life may see and in your presence I can be constantly if your spirit Spirit would dwell in me. Sing it again, brother Steve. Oh, dwell in me. Stand back. Dwell in me. Oh, the world your life may see. And in your presence I can be constantly if your spirit would dwell in me. Let your spirit come dwell in me, Lord. Let your spirit come dwell in me. Amen. Amen. We're going to read from John chapter 13. And um I don't know how many songs they had lined up. We might have a few we can get to when we come back in. We'll see. St. John 13 verse one. Now before the feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end. and supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Escariat, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God, he riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments, and took a towel, and girded himself. After that he pth water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, What do thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter? Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me." Simon Peter saith unto him,"Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus saith to him, "He that is washed needeth not, saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. And you're clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, you're not all clean." So after he had washed their feet and had taken his garments and sat down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you? You call me Master and Lord, and you say well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that ye should do as I have done to you." Verily, verily, truly, truly, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Amen. At this time, the brothers will be dismissed to the fellowship. Paul, the sisters will remain inside, and we will reassemble shortly. God bless you. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, well. There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet by and by we shall meet on and a beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, we shall sing on that beautiful shore. The melodious songs of the blessed and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Oh for the blessing of rest in the sea by we shall be on the beautiful shore. Oh, in the sea by and by we shall meet on that in the street. One more time in the swing. Now in the free Now we shall be on that beautiful show. Give the Lord a hand. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Matt to come and close us out in prayer and give us a congregational song to leave with. Uh before we go, I just want you to all um realize that tonight uh this is brother Muna's last service with us. He's his assignment uh in Georgia with the military. He's headed back to Washington DC area. Back up there with brother Mike Walls the Saints there. We've sure enjoyed having him here among us. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. And um maybe the Lord will let him come back and visit us real soon. Amen. Praise the Lord. He said, "I need to come up that way." Well, that can be arranged to talk to uh your pastor if there's a good friend of mine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for coming tonight. God bless you. Listen friends, it's uh you know, brother Brandham when he comes, I think it's um I want to say it's his New Year's service in ' 64, might stand correction. I believe that's when it was. And he starts talking about um or at least right near the end of the year. And he says, you know, it's a it's a it's a sad time and a dark time for the world, but it's a glorious time for the bride of Christ. And I just say we need to find, you know, I I I've said that that the Lord, you know, he's so merciful. He He's never going to send anyone to hell who doesn't want to go there. Now, that sounds like a pretty broad statement. You say, "Well, nobody's going to want to go there." But the but you know, when it comes right down to it is, you know, do you really love the life of Jesus Christ? Because if you don't love the life of Jesus Christ, for sure you don't want to be in heaven. Because all of heaven is filled with his life. And so people might think they want to go to some fairy tale. They think of heaven, but I want to go where the Lord's life is. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right here on earth for a thousand years and then a new heaven and a new earth. So I just say that we go out and try to persuade everyone correctly who Jesus is. And just tell them he is his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the best thing you can tell them. Christ is his word. Forget what anybody's told you about him. He is his word. You find his word, you'll find him. You find him, you'll find his word. Amen. They're one and the same. They cannot be separated. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. God bless you and we'll see y'all next year. Amen. The Lord willing uh on Sunday. Amen. Brother Mer. &gt;&gt; May the Lord bless you. You can be dismissed. God bless you. Jesus is my plea. really walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. I am weak, but thou art strong. Jesus, as long as I walk, let me walk close to thee. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus, that's my plea. Oh, dearly walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be through this world of toils and sn. Oh, I falter, Lord, who cares? Oh, who with me? My burden share. None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Oh, granted Jesus, it's my plea. Walking close to thee, oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. When my fearful life is over, all time for me will be no more. But God be gently.
