################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-07-15 - After The Order of Melchisedec (Hebrews 7): Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-07-15
Title:   After The Order of Melchisedec (Hebrews 7): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGOHMQ_79jA
========================================

[Music] Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamb I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamb I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. One more time. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamb I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Amen. God bless you all this morning. Are you happy to be in church this morning? I don't know if that's happy enough. Come on, guys. We can do better than that. Brother Jeremy Carol, would you come up and open the service and pray for us? Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning and give me all in my lamb, I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of [Music] day. God bless you all. We'll just uh bow our heads to our Lord and Savior. Lord Jesus, we just thank you, Father. What a what a great opportunity to be in your presence, Lord. Once again, Father, to hear from you, Lord. We deem it such a privilege, such an honor, dear Lord. Father, we just invite you, Lord. You said where two or three are gathered in my name, there you'd be present among us, Father. And we know that that's the truth, Lord. And Lord, whatever you have today, whatever you have for each individual, Lord, because you deal with us, Lord, as individuals, Father, Lord, whatever you have, Father, we just have an open heart to receive, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray for any need, any request, anything, Lord, that you'd you'd have, any person would have this morning, Father, that you would just meet that need, Lord God. And Lord, we just pray that you'd be with the the minister, be with Dan, Brother Dan this morning, Father. Use them as just an instrument in your hand, Lord, to to bring forth the word, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord, just live a little bit closer to you, Lord, a little bit more in thy presence, in thy will, and thy perfect will for our lives. And Lord, just bless this service, Father. This is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it, Father. So Lord, we just we deem it such a great honor to be in your presence once again, Father. Bless the day, bless the singing, bless everything that's said or done for your glory and honor. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Sunday school, you can go ahead and go back. Thank you guys. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Or greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Satan's like a roaring lion roaming to and fro seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells us so. Many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. What God has promised us today, his overcoming power. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Or greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. On the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind blew into the upper room and baptized all of them with the power greater than any earthly foe. And I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Guys, happy to be here this morning. I'm happy to be here. I know I've already said that, but isn't it so good to be in church this morning? There's so many people without church this morning. We are just such a blessed people just to be even given the opportunity to be here. Amen. Uh let's all [Music] stand. Oh, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountains too high and the valleys too wide. Down on my knees, it's where I learn to stand. Oh, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. I thought number one would surely be me. I thought I could be what I wanted to be. I thought I could build on life sinking sand, but I can't even walk without you holding my hand. I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountains too high and the valleyies too wide. The down on my knees is where I learn to stand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. I thought I had done a lot on my own. I thought I could make it all alone. I thought of myself as a mighty big man, but I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Oh, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountains too high and the valleys too wide. Oh, down on my knees. It's where I learn to stand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. [Music] Oh, I can't even walk without you holding my hands. The valleys too wide and the valleys too wide. Down on my knees, it's where I learn to stand. But I can't even walk without you holding my hand. As the brothers would make way for the offering, uh the prayer requests, we got a couple this morning. One's from brother Ronnie Glidewell is asking prayer, asking for prayer as he and his wife, Sister Susie, traveled to Montreal. Sis Susie lost her aunt last week. They desire strength, wisdom, and the leading of the Lord to handle the things that they need to take care of. Remember that in prayer. And from Sister Erica Morales, please ple please pray for my daughter Gia. Uh I can't read that. Going through custody battles. Pray I get I I get to see my I get to see my glad and pray I get to have her in my arms again. Amen. We'll pray for her. Um, sister Teresa, please pray for my daughter Maya make what is it? Mary, sorry. Mary, she has been very sick lately. And from Sister Glidewell, please pray for me. I'm having a skin cancer surgery on Friday. I will have to be off my blood thinners for a few days, which concerns her. God bless you all. Amen. Brother Ed, I [Music] pray. our heavenly father. Lord, as we sing, we can't do anything without you holding our hand. So, Father, we want to commit ourselves in to your hands this morning. We desire these requests, Father, that you'd place your hands upon them. Do you know the needs that have been unspoken, the requests that have been written out and spoken? Lord, have your way in each need. We commit them into your hands and we give you thanks, Lord, for what you're about to do and what you've already done. And as we take the offering, Lord, we'd ask that you'd bless the offering. Bless the giver. Use it for your honor and glory. We we ask and be in the remainder of the service. And we give you praise, honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] All throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms make way for spring. In every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. I see your promises and fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. The fear may come, the fear will leave. You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I see your promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life, I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I see your promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. [Music] Amen. What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. for my cleansing. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. For my pardon, this I plead. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other f I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing nothing can for sin atone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Not of good that I have done. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. Oh, no other f I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my righteousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. Oh, no other fountains. I know nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Amen. Do you deserve the [Music] glory? You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. There's nobody like him this morning, is he? [Music] The winds of [Music] faith. There are two roads. You may take, one by sight, one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see, what you believe is what will be. Set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. You can [Music] fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Let us stand this morning. What's your need? What's your pride? What's your mountain to hide? Speak the word of God and by and by it will move or you will fly. Oh set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by [Applause] grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. For the power that makes him rise is [Music] already in the sky. Well, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. One more time. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Amen. Let's bow our [Music] heads. Think on these words with your heads bowed. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, prince, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being by interpretation king of righteousness, and after that also king of Salem, which is king of peace, without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days nor end of life, but made like unto the son of God, abideth a priest continually. Now consider how great this man was unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils. Our heavenly father, open your word, father, to us, the meaning of your word this morning. And Lord, as we're here, there are needs within our congre congregation. And Father, I pray that as we leave today, that there would be every single need met. And Lord, that you would have your way in your ser in this service and you would be welcome here. Granted, Father, we love you and praise you again. heart. Give us understanding of your word. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you all. I heard uh my brother-in-law Jeremy pray earlier. God bless you. Jeremy's Stephanie's brother. He grew up in this church. Now, um, he brought his his wife, his bride with him, Sister Allison, and we have Phoebe and Gracie and Ryan there with with the whole family. We're missing just one, Matthew, but God bless you, brother Jeremy. It's good to have you in service. Not only he's a brother-in-law, but he's a good friend. I appreciate Brother Jeremy and his stand on the word and how much he loves it. Um, I don't see see one visitor back there in the back. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have [Applause] you. Sister Elizabeth, you brought your sister. She brought herself. God bless you, sis. It's good to have you back in service. You're always welcome. We appreciate you. [Applause] our sister here originally from Congo with with your daughter there also. Welcome. God bless you. It's good to have you [Applause] back. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I uh I wanted to mention uh yesterday was a is a tragic event that um we all are aware of it, I'm sure, about uh Donald Trump and and how that was an attempted assassination on him. He was hit by a bullet. Um and uh then finding out late last night who the shooter was. He's a young man, 20 years old. And uh you think about this and I've mentioned quite a few times about this this contention that we have in politics today. I believe it's it's great and it's probably greater than this country has ever seen and the hatred on either side. so much so that that you would attempt to kill another person. And brothers and sisters, there's only one um thing besides politics that I see that brings a a greater response and than divi division over politics and that's really division over religion. a Christian. These things, these these politics, they divide us. And even our faith, what we call our faith and our religion, it divides us. But a true Christian should never succumb to that hatred and never succumb to that that feeling of animosity toward each other. We should, if you believe in Jesus Christ, who I assume that we do, you should love your enemies. Not just love those that believe like you. Not just pray for those that believe like you, not just pray for those that are in this church, but we pray for those as Jesus taught that hate us. And if we had that spirit, there would be no division. And if there was a group that truly had that spirit and truly loved one another and prayed for one another even if they hate us then this world would be a much better place and we would not see I don't believe that we would see the divisions that we see in politics right now. Shooting a man he was just a fraction away from being killed. It's it was nothing but the hand of God and even he said it that it was nothing but the hand of God that helped him that protected him and I believe it's God's hand is still on this country. I love this country. We should not just pray for the one that we want to win but we should pray for all of our leaders. And that includes Joe Biden. Amen. He's a He's a man that I might not agree with politically. I might not agree with morally, but he is the leader of our country and he is worthy of our prayers because the Bible commands us to pray. And let me tell you, if he prospers and he succeeds with the country, then it trickles down to us and we all succeed also. And we should also pray, of course, pray for Donald Trump and and what's going on there. Pray that the peace of God would reign. That's what we want and that is what I believe that's what God wants. Last uh last week I want to I want to review of what we went over last week. For the the visitors that are here, we've been going through the book of Hebrews. We started in chapter 1 and we're going through we got through chapter 6 last Sunday. This morning we'll we'll get to chapter 7, but I want to review what we went over last week. So let's go to Hebrews chapter 6 verse 1 and let's do a short review of of chapter 6. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and faith towards God. Remember this, the author is saying here, don't rehash what the Messiah is supposed to be and keep going and and arguing over is he going to be the son of David? Is he going to be the son of Joseph? What is he going to be a great military leader? Listen, he's already come. We don't have to resurrect this stuff and continue to to beat a dead horse. We know. We know who this man, the Messiah, is he is Jesus Christ. Of the doctrine of baptisms and on laying on of hands. That word baptism is also washing, ceremonial washing, and on laying on the hands and resurrection of the dead and of eternal judgment. And this will we do if God permit. For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and have tasted of the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come, if they shall fall away to renew them again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the son of God aresh, and put him to an open shame. If you remember last week, I told a story, and I didn't finish my story. I got into into the word and what we were doing and uh and I forgot to uh to close out the story. Do you remember when I talked about last week? We're at camp and there was a young man that really wanted nothing to do with God, wanted nothing to do with religion, was just there because his parents made him go. and he in the service and the final the closing day he was sitting um in the congregation and they dismissed the service while he was the last one and he was just sitting there all by himself in the chairs. So I went down and I sat next to him and the Lord was really dealing with a young man. We went into a uh another area, a little uh tent that we had set up for prayer. And he he he was back and forth and and really he was torn from giving his heart to the Lord or staying in the position that he was at. Well, he ended up giving his heart to the Lord. And I told the story of how while I was speaking to him, I told him that the Lord wanted to fill him with the Holy Spirit. and I heard a scream of an eagle and he didn't seem to hear it and it really kind of freaked me out because I thought I actually heard it and then I was thinking well this is this must be a spiritual thing. So we were going on and then I told him the story of the and I didn't tell this part because I didn't finish my story. I told him the story of the the chicken or the the eagle in the hen house and and and with a bunch of with a bunch of chickens because the farmer had taken the egg and and put it with the chickens to hatch it and he was this oddlooking chicken. And I said, "What happened? You what just happened when the Holy Spirit came into that room? What just happened was you realized that you were an eagle and you spread those eagle wings for the first time and then it screamed again. And I was like, "This is something that I've never experienced." And I looked at him like, "Did you hear that?" And he looked back at me and I obviously didn't hear it. So the young man um was so excited and and really gave his heart to the Lord. And what I forgot to say last week, and sometimes when we tell these stories, sometimes we leave parts out and we we tell them um slightly differently. They're all right, but we point out certain subjects. And many times ministers, especially like William Brandham, they get criticized for telling a story differently over time. And brothers and sisters, it is impossible to tell it exactly the same every time. You I was there and this is one of the greatest experiences I've ever had in my life. And I left out this part that I'm about to tell you. So, we were we came out of the tent and and then I was pretty shaken up and so I wasn't talking and and all of the um like the the the ushers were around the um chaperrons and I'm just like, whoa, this is this is wild. This is uh something I've never experienced. I wasn't telling anybody. And then I heard one of the other brothers say, "Hey, did you see while we were baptizing over across the lake, did you see that bald eagle flying around the prayer tent?" So, it was real. It was a real bird that was flying. And what I was hearing, it wasn't something necessarily that was supernatural. It was supernatural, but I was actually hearing a real eagle. So that was that I wanted to I wanted to make that right with everyone and wanted to finish that story. But later this young man and the main part of the story was later this young man drifted back away even with that powerful experience and it was one of the most powerful if not the most powerful presence of the Lord that I have ever felt. And even after that, and he felt it as strong or stronger than I did. And even after that, the young man still drifted away. And that is this scripture in Hebrews that I just read that there you can have these great experiences and they are wonderful, but you can still fall back and drift away. And if there is no repentance in your heart, then you run the risk of coming outside of the blood of Jesus Christ and then there is no salvation there afterwards. So we have to be very very careful. But if there is, and I was very plain with this last week, if there is a repentance in your heart, then there is still grace to be had. Amen. So always brothers and sisters never let never become so come so far away from God that you become so hard to the Holy Spirit and there is no repentance inside of you because then you run a very very serious risk for the earth. Verse number seven. For the earth drinks in the rain that often comes upon it and bears herbs useful for those by whom it is cultivated receives the blessing from God. But if it bears thorns and briars and it is rejected and near to be cursing whose end is to be burned. Again, we talked about this last week. So the the wheat and the weeds they grow together and then later God will separate those. One he brings into eternal glory and the other he brings into eternal separation from God which is hell to be burned. It's very very these these stakes are very high. Many ministers, many churches don't talk about hell but as I've said before, Jesus talked more about hell than he did about heaven. He was warning the people. He cared about them. Verse 11. And we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope until the end. That you be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. So, so those who are living the Christian life, they are our examples. For when God made a promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swear by himself, saying, "Surely saying, surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. For men verilely swear by the greater and and an oath for confirmation to them an end of all strife, wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise the immut immutability, that is the unchanging nature of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath, that by two immutable unchanging things in which it was impossible for God to lie, that we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope that is set before us. Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and steadfast, and which enterth into that into that within the veil, whether the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus made a high priest forever after the order of Melzdc. This next chapter concentrates on Melzdc and Melzdc's a bit of a controversial person in the Old Testament. Very little is written. There's only two scriptures in the Old Testament about this man. Some people say that he is what's called a christophony, which is Christ manifesting himself in the Old Testament. Brother Brandham said that that was true. He called it a theophony of Jesus Christ manifesting itself to Abraham. And it's my question is, is this manifestation isn't an isolated incident that happened just with Abraham? And what about me? And what about you? Is there a Daniel Evans that is out somewhere else like there was a Jesus Christ? And when Jesus came to Abraham, which we'll talk about here in a moment, and spoke to him, what about all of us? Is there another form of each of us, especially that is in the presence of God? And does this person that's here right now that you're looking at in the pulpit or the people out in the audience, do those people, is that the real you or is there something else going on right now? And I suggest, and I'm pretty sure, and you'll see why here in a minute, that there is a representative for every child of God that is out there and it is sometimes manifested as Jesus's was to Abraham. Jesus said, let's go of Matthew chapter 18 says this verse one. At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven? And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them, and said, verily I say unto you, except you be converted and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Whosoever shall humble himself as this little child, the same is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. And who so shall receive one such little child in my name receives me, but who so shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me. Very, very important part of this entire scripture. probably the most important part. But who so shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me? It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck and that he were drowned into the depth of the sea. Woe unto the world because of offenses. For it must needs be that offenses come, but woe unto that man by whom the offense come. Wherefore, if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off and cast them from me. It is better for thee to enter into the into into life halt or maimed rather than having two hands or two feet and be cast into everlasting fire. And if thy hand or if thy eye offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. It is better for thee to enter into life with one eye rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire. How high are the stakes? Jesus is using a hypothetical example and saying basically cut off anything that causes you to sin. It's not worth it. And watch the theme here that we need to become a little child like a little child and one that believes in Jesus Christ and never offend a believer. For it would be better that you would have a stone tied to your neck and you cast into the bottom of the sea than to offend one of these little ones. Why? Next verse, listen to this. Take heed that you despise not one of these little ones. For I say unto you that in heaven their angels do always behold the faith of my father which is in heaven. What a statement. So even these little child that that Jesus took these these children and he says you have to become like this child and never offend this child because this child has a representative in heaven right now that is in the presence of God and beholding his face. So there is a connection between this child and that child that's in heaven. What about me? Do I have something that is also beholding the face of God like these child these children that that Jesus said? I believe I do. And I believe every person that believes in Jesus Christ that truly gives their heart over to them that is truly a child of God. I believe that we have a representative over there. There was a there's a story in the Bible of um when Peter when James the um after Jesus the Roman soldiers they killed James the apostle and they saw that it pleased the Jews. So they said hey this Jesus is or this Peter is more important than James. So they grabbed Peter and they were going to do the same to Peter the next day. So Peter is bound. He's in chains. He's in prison. And he's sleeping between two soldiers. And he's laying there. And in the middle of the night, an angel comes to Peter. Wake up. Get up and let's go. His ch his chains fall off of him. He gets up. And he follows the angel out of the prison. He takes a cloak. He puts it puts it over his head and he's walking out. He follows the angel out. The angel disappears and he goes to the house of his friends where they are praying for him. He gets there, door's locked, knocks on the door. Roa, a young lady, comes to the door. She listens and he's like, "Open the door. It's me, Peter." She's like, "Whoa." So she goes over, tells her friend. She doesn't open the door. It's like, "Why didn't you open the door, Roa?" But she goes to her friends and she says, "Hey, we're all praying. Peter's at the door." They're like, "No, no, he's not. He's in prison." No, he's there. No, he's not. He's in prison. She goes back. Yep. That's Peter. I hear him. They go back. And then they say this. They said, They said unto her, "You're mad." But she said and she constantly affirmed that it was even so. So then they said it is his angel. What does that mean? An angel can knock on the door. Obviously it wasn't. It was really Peter. So we see that they had an understanding of this that there is another being besides the one that is right here. In Job, it says this that there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan also came with them. So those sons of God that were presenting themselves before God and it happens a couple times in Job, who were they? They were us. They were people that lived on earth. I don't know when time. I I don't understand it. Neither does anyone else. But it was a representative on in heaven of something that was going on in earth and there was Satan there too and he was among them. So what about this man Melzdc? Who is this? I would recommend that the church listen to a sermon titled Who is this Melzdc? It's it's it's beautiful. It answers a whole lot of these questions and it asks some questions that will certainly make you think. He said um brother Brandham said this in that sermon. He said, "Then after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food, then you left the other thing. You have then been formed into the living image of the living God. You heard from your theophony." Now, he only said that one time that I know of, and I'm not one to try to pick and choose and pull out things and try to make a doctrine out of them, but he still said it. And it's still a very intriguing thing that happened. That example with Peter, there's an example that we'll talk about with Abraham. And let me tell you an example of some of the things that I've witnessed. a friend of mine, Jewish man. He was I was very close with him. He had just received Jesus Christ as his savior. And his mind was just overwhelmed. He was born a Jew, raised a Jew, he was a devout Jew. And then he reads this New Testament and he sees that this is Jewish. This book, this New Testament, they're all Jews in this. this is for us. And as and he gave his heart to the Lord and he is he is pondering on these things and he's in his apartment and he's sitting on the bed and the the door is open. Someone walks into the room and sits down next to him and he looked at him. He felt the weight of the person and the bed go down goes down. This was not a vision. This was a real person and he looked over at him and this person was him exactly exactly the same person. He looked at him. He didn't feel like a presence of God. He didn't feel anything strange. He looked at him and he said, "You're exactly me." This is in his home. And then the man disappears. Another friend of mine, completely different person, different part of the country. He was praying about things and he was laying in his bed on his back and he was praying and he felt pressure on his chest and he looked up and there was somebody looking down at him and it was him exactly himself and then the man disappeared. And I thought, these are these are strange stories. And believe me, I would not be telling the church these things if it didn't happen to me. I was driving um I was young. I was probably mid20s. And I was driving home from Jeffersonville. I was by myself. And uh my brother Jeremy and I had had gone there um to volunteer and work. And then he stayed and I ended up driving home by myself. Well, I got to uh uh just just east of Dallas and um I stopped as I was falling asleep and I I took about a 2-hour rest and I got back in the vehicle and I started driving and I got into Dallas. The sun was just coming up behind me and I'm driving and I'm doing probably 80 miles an hour and I'm still tired and I'm coming into the the traffic of Dallas and I fell asleep at the wheel and my head went down and I felt a punch on my shoulder on my arm twice. Boom. Boom. And I looked up and there was a young man looking at me. He put his finger up and he said, "Wake up." And he smiled at me. And I knew what I could I could feel what he was thinking. I had a real connection with this young man. I could feel that he he was saying, "I know that you can see me." And I jerked my head up and I was about to go under a tractor trailer. I was I would have died. I jerked back on the road and he was gone. And I thought, "What just happened?" And one thing about the young man was he had a shirt on. You'd think it'd be a robe or something like that. He had a shirt on that had a had brown stripes on it and it was a shirt exactly that I had. And I look and that man he had black curly hair unlike it is now but it used to be like that. It was great while it lasted. But uh he had my hair exactly. He even had my mannerisms. I knew who it was. I never I didn't tell I told people the testimony many times but I never told them that the shirt that he was wearing or that it was actually me. So there are these things happen brothers and sisters they happen and it one thing I I do want to say is after that happened I felt like there is nothing in the world that could ever hurt me. that God knew exactly where I was. He protected me from from a a a devastating car wreck and I knew I had such a confidence in God and how that there is nothing that can ever happen to a child of God unless God allows it. We should never fear. He is watching over us. He has angels protecting us. He He is in charge. And I had such a confidence. I remember thinking as I was driving, there is nothing that can touch me. There is nothing that can harm me. And I still feel that today. I still feel that that this body, this carnal body that is able to to die and that is able to get hurt, but it it is always protected by God until the time comes. There was a time that Moses, he had talked to God many times and there was a time that Moses asked God, he said, "Lord, I want to see your glory." He says, "I want to see you." And Moses and and God says, "Okay." He says, "Go up and stand upon this rock and hide in this clft of this rock." And he says, "I will put my hand over your face, over your eyes, because you can't look at me, but I will pass by. and then I will take my hand away and you can see my back. A spirit doesn't have a front and a back. It was a man that Moses saw. And who was that man? The very glory of God. Who was the man that Moses saw? I believe I know who it was. I believe it was the Lord Jesus Christ. in the Old Testament, hundreds of years before that, Abraham, he had just his um nephew had just been attacked by these these other kings. A king back then was was just like a governor of a city. And these governor these kings had all got together. They had attacked this place called Sodom, which where this young man, this man named Lot lived. And they took all of the people, many of the people captive. and they stole all the money and they went off. And Abraham gets a um an army together and he goes to save his son-in-law. They go to battle. They kill they they destroy the kings and the armies and they're coming back from the slaughter of these kings with all the spoil and everything. And Abraham meets this man. Genesis chapter 14 verse 18. And MelkiseDC, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine, and he was the priest of the most high God. Now, notice it was Melzdc who gave the bread and the wine to Abraham. The last supper, Jesus gave the bread to the disciples. Jesus gave the wine to the disciples. And here Melzdc gives the bread and the wine to Abraham and he said bless and he blessed him and said blessed be Abram of the most high God possessor of heaven and earth and blessed be the most high God which hath delivered thine enemies into thine hand. And he meaning Abraham gave him Melzdc tithes of all. So Melzdc blesses Abraham not the other way around. Abraham can't bless Melzdc. And that's a very important thing to understand here. The greater is the one that gives the blessing to the lesser. Melzdc was the greater than Abraham. And this is the first place in the Bible that the tithes tithing is ever given. This is the very foundation of it right here. Abraham gave a tenth of what he had. The word tithe just means a tenth. That's you know how much do you tithe or whatever? Well, the very definition of tithe is 10%. So, let's turn now to Psalm 110, the other place where Melzdc is mentioned. The Lord said unto my Lord, Psalm 110 verse1, the Lord said unto my Lord, sit thou at my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool. The Lord said to my Lord, it's very strange thing, but if you'll notice, if you look, yeah, it's right. If you look here, see the see the all caps. It's actually usually small caps in the King James. The Lord said unto my Lord. So that first Lord right there, that's Yahweh. That's Jehovah. That's the I am. That's the eternal being. And he said to my my Lord, sit thou on my right hand. So what does this mean? Let's turn to Matthew chapter 22. We'll get what what Jesus said about it. Matthew 22:41 says this. While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them, and I know I'm going through a lot of scriptures, but I hope that it's telling a story here. While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them, saying, "What think he of Christ? Whose son is he?" They said unto him, "The son of David?" And he said unto them, "How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, The Lord the Father, said unto my Lord, the Messiah, sit thou on my right hand till I make thine enemies thy foottool." If David then call him Lord, how is he his son? It's a very good question. The amplified version of that scripture says this. So then if David calls him the son of m the son the Messiah Lord then how how is he David's son and no man was able to answer him a word neither does any man from that day forth ask him any questions. It's a very interesting exchange right there. Jesus asked the Pharisees why David was referring to the me was referring to the Messiah calling him Lord. And if he was the son of David, which we know from the blessing of um Jake Jacob to Judah and if he and and and in Samuel, if he is the son of David, then how can David not be the greater? How come he didn't say my offspring or my heritage or my lineage? He didn't say that. But David called him Lord. Meaning that the son of David is greater than any king that could be in the natural natural lineage of David. So let's go to Psalm let's go to uh verse two on Psalm 110. The Lord shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion. Rule thou in the midst of thine enemies. Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power in the beauties in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning. Thou sh thou hast the due of thy youth. The Lord hath sworn and will not repent. He won't change his mind. Thou art a priest forever after the order of Melchzdc. This is speaking of the coming Messiah, which the book of Hebrews, if you've been coming to church and and on Sunday morning, we've been talking about this. The whole book of Hebrews is is telling these people that had already accepted Jesus Christ as their savior, these Jewish people, and they were starting to slip away and lose the zeal, he was bringing back to their remembrance, saying, "Hey, this man is far more than you think he is." And this Melzdc was three generations. He wasn't even in the lineage of Abraham. He was three generations before Levi was born. If you've been here, we talked about Levi and Judah, the sons of Jacob. Jacob also called Israel. Then these two in this Hebrews are the important tribes that we're talking about. So this man Melzdc was a priest really before they were priests. Levi's dad was Jacob. Jacob's dad was Isaac. Isaac's dad was Abraham. So, three generations earlier, this man was a priest. Now, let's get into Hebrews chapter 7 with that little foundation of who this man Melzdc is. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being inter in by interpretation the king of righteousness, and after that also the king of Salem, which is king of peace, without father, without mother, without dissent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life, but made like unto the son of God abideth a priest continually. So this high priest never dies. And we'll dig into that in a in a little bit as we get down. But I would like to go over to John 8:51. He Jesus says this. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, if a man keep my saying, he shall never see death." Then said the Jews unto him, now we know that thou hast the devil. Abraham is dead and the prophets and thou sayest if a man keep my saying he shall never taste of death. So basically they're saying Abraham and all the great men of old are dead and you show up now and you say that anyone who does what you say shall never taste death. Matthew 8 53. Now art thou greater than our father Abraham? These are the Pharisees, the Jews talking to Jesus. Art thou greater than our father Abraham which is dead and the prophets are dead? Who make it whom makest thou thyself? Jesus answered, If I honor myself, my honor is nothing. It is my father that honorth me of whom ye say that he is your God. My father stands for me. He protects me is what Jesus is saying. And he's honoring my words. Yet ye have not known him, but I know him. And if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you. But I know him and keep his saying. So if I said, I didn't know my father, I'd be a liar like you are. Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day. And he saw it and was glad. So, not only did Abraham see the Messiah, but he met the very man that the Pharisees were talking to over a thousand years earlier. And then, brother, am I on the right? Do we have the wrong scriptures? John 8:51. John um 8:56 here. Yeah, there we go. Your father Abraham. So Jesus is talking. Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day and he saw it and was glad. So not only did Abraham see the Messiah, but he met the very man that the Pharisees were talking about over a thousand years earlier. So this Jesus had already met this Abraham. So, as I said, some scholars call this a christophony, a an a a a manifestation of Jesus Christ in the Old Testament. We've heard it we've heard it called Christ theophony, Christ celestial body. Then said the Jews unto him, "Thou art not yet 50 years old, and hast hast thou seen Abraham?" Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I am." How could Jesus say that? He was a young man. He was 32, 33 years old. And he said, "Before Abraham was, I am." And number one, when Moses asked who Jehovah was, Jehovah said, "I am that I am." And then Jesus says, "Before Abraham was, I am." Same one that Jehovah told Moses, "I am." Here is Jesus telling the Pharisees, "I am." Same one. Then took they up stones and ca to cast him out to cast at him. But Jesus hid himself and went out of the temple going through the midst of them. So that and so passed by. So why would they have stoned Jesus for saying that? They were going to stone him because he was saying that I am God. And they knew that. So they were going to kill Jesus for saying that because if you're not God, that would make you a blasphemer. But he was God. So let's go back to Hebrews 7. And I promise I'll stay there. And so this is such a beautiful subject with Jesus. Jesus is everywhere. And this man who the author of this whether it's the Apostle Paul or whoever it might have been he is showing Jesus all over the Bible and he's saying listen he's great he is greater than you could ever imagine for this Melzdc king king of Salem priest of the most high God who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings and blessed him to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all first being by interpretation king of righteousness and after that also king of Salem which is king of peace. Isaiah said that he'd be called counselor, prince of peace, mighty God, everlasting father, without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days nor end of life, but made like unto the son of God abideth a priest continually. It says here that being made like unto the son of God. Every other translation says that he resembled the son of God. He or he resembled the son of God. So Melzdc looked like the son of God. It was him. If he looks like him in just a different form because Jesus had a beginning of days. He was born in a manger in Bethlehem and he had an end of life. He was crucified and died. Now consider how great this man was unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave at the tenth of the spoils. So in chapter six before he laid the foundation of Abraham receiving the promise and sticking to the promise of God and laying his son on the altar to sacrifice him. So there is a relationship here between God and Abraham and even God calls Abraham his friend. So Abraham along with Moses they are really the greatest prophets in the Old Testament but the author is saying that Abraham paid tithes to this man Melzdc. So this man Melzdc was greater than Abraham. And verily they that are the sons of Levi who received the office of the priesthood have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law that is of their brethren though they come out of the loins of Abraham. But he whose descent is not counted for them. Melchazdc received tithes of Abraham and blessed him that had the promises. and without all without all contradiction the less the less is blessed of the better. So he's saying that the superior will give the blessing to the lesser person. Again he's separating Abraham and the prophets from this man Jesus Christ. This man Jesus Christ he's saying is is is far better. And here men that die receive tithes, but there he receiveth them of whom it is witnessed that he lives forever. Let me read the amplified version of that. It says this. Furthermore, here in the Levitical priesthood, tithes are received by men who are subject to death. But in that case concerning Melzdc, they are received by one of of who it is testified that he lives perpetually. This priest never dies. And as I may say, I may so say, Levi also who received who receiveth tithe paid tithe in Abraham, for he was yet in the loins of his father when Melzdc met him. Let me stop right there. And um I know I've I've mentioned a lot of scriptures, but they're all moving together to who this man Melzdc is. And he says here, for he was yet for this Levi was yet in the loins of his father when Melzdc me met him. So the decision that Abraham made in not only paying ties to this male man Melzdc but really accepting him for who he was. It affected Isaac his son. It affected Jacob his grandson. And the Bible says right here that it was a blessing to Levi his great greatgrandson. So, how important are the actions of us today? How important is the work that we're doing here at the Tucson Tabernacle? Not just physically, but in what we're trying to present here as Jesus Christ. It will not only affect my son Daniel, but it will affect Daniel's children. and it will affect Daniel's children's children all the way down the line. And that's what he's saying here. He's saying that that this man Abraham because of his dedication, because of his his sacrifice to the Lord and what he did for God, it affected generations down the line. So, we should always be careful. always put God first in everything that we're doing. You young people, as you're going up, the decisions that you're making now are going to affect your children and your children's children and your children's children's children. That was hard to say, but you understood. It will go all the way down because of what decisions you are making today. Don't just think that they affect you. Amen. Your children, your grandchildren and on down will suffer for the wrong decisions and they will be blessed by the right decisions. Verse number 11. If therefore perfection were by were by the Levitical priesthood, for under it the people received the law, what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melzdc and not be called after the order of Aaron. So are we clear? Aaron is a Levite. He was the first high priest. He was the son of Jacob. So also called Israel. So he was he was that and that priesthood went all the way down to when the the author wrote this. So why he's saying what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melzdc and not be called after the order of Aaron for the priesthood being changed there there is made of necessity a change also of the law. So later on the chapter it's going to say that the law had given way later on in the book that the law gave way to something better. For he whom these things are spoken pertainth to another tribe of which no man gave attendance at the altar. I'll I'll go through this quickly. He's talking about the tribe of Judah. Judah was not meant to be the priesthood. That was Levi. But he's saying right here that it came through Judah. This high priest came through Judah. But Judah was promised to produce the Messiah. So this man Melzdc. So the burning question is his priesthood had to come from the order of a of a mysterious priest who had no lineage but was greater than all the priests and all the prophets. That was this man Melzdc. So Mary and Joseph, Jesus's earthly parents, they were from the tribe of Judah. So Jesus could be born from Judah, fulfilling that part of being the son of David, fulfilling that part of the prophecy. For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Judah, of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning the priesthood. and is yet far more evident for that after the simultude of Melchzdc there ariseth another priest who is made not after the law of carnal commandment but after the power of an endless life. So this man Melzdc who had no beginning of days or ending of life he had no earthly lineage. This priest after the order of Melzdc is eternally the high priest. That get that gets important right here as we as we wrap it up. For he testifith, "Thou art a priest even after the order of Melzdc. For there is a very so there is verily a disoling of the commandment going before the weakness and unprofitableness thereof. For the law made nothing perfect, but bringing in of a better hope did by the which we draw nigh unto God." and and in as much as not without an oath he was made priest. For those priests were made without an oath, but this with an oath by him that is that said unto him, the Lord swear and will not repent. He won't change his mind, thou a priest after the order of Melzdc. By so much was Jesus made assurityity of a better testament. And they truly were many priests because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death. So the the high priest, brothers and sisters, the high priest, he makes the atonement. He goes, and we've been going through this Hebrews book, he takes the sacrifice, but first he sacrifices for himself because he's a sinner. Then once he is made clean, he takes the sacrifice for the other people. He goes and he sacrifices that animal. But this man, because he continuthth forever, hath an unchangeable priesthood. Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he live, he ever liveth to make intercessions for them. That that's my favorite part about about this whole chapter is because he is continually all the time ever living to make intercessions. He's always making intercessions for our sins all the time. It's not just once. He died once, but he's there and he's continually making that atonement for us up in heaven. So every time that I sin, I don't need to go back and and do the sacrifice again. There is a representative in heaven for me continually making an atonement. And that's the man Jesus Christ all the time. So when I sin, which I do daily, we sin, there is a Jesus Christ up there making atonement for that sin. He always lives to make intercessions for those he saves. Jesus never stops interceding by the grace of God. He'll never stop. He never stops protecting us. He never stops making atonement. He ever liveth to make intercessions. My salvation, and so is yours, is dependent on Christ's constant intercession. Do you remember the vision? We played a a a sermon the other Wednesday night. Do you remember the vision that brother Brandham had when he walked into the restaurant and they were drinking and playing the slot machines and there was this woman and and he described her and how she was dressed terrible and everything about her just seemed bad and he said, "Lord, why don't you just destroy all of this?" And then he saw the vision and there was Jesus Christ. And every time that he would sin, it would punch Jesus and bruise him and he would take the punch constantly all the time. Do you remember that vision? And he was always taking he was constantly the vision was perfectly in line with this chapter of Hebrews. He was always taking that punch for the sinner, for all of us. Go back to chapter six. But brothers and sisters, if we don't see our sins and there's no repentance for those sins, then we do run the risk of coming outside the blood of Jesus Christ. There needs to be repentance in us. For such a high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens. Another translation said, "Such a high priest truly meets our need, one who is holy, blameless, pure, set apart from sinners, exalted above the heavens, who needeth not daily as those high priests to offer up sacrifices, first for his own sins, and then for the sins of the people, then for the peoples. For this he died once, when he offered up himself." For the law maketh men high priests, which have an have infirmity, but the word of the oath which was since the law maketh the son who consecrated forever more. So the law brought by Moses, it makes high priests from men who have all kinds of weaknesses. But the word of the oath which came later than the law appoints a son, the son of God who has been made perfect forever. He is the atonement for our sins and he is always making that atonement. He died once but he's continually advocating for us. Amen. That is Hebrews chapter 7. That's this Melzdc. If you can come in closing, let's go back to the thought that we have a representative that is now in the presence of God and that influences what we are here. Uh people go too far and they they start they start making a doctrine out of this and then and then they'll they'll go off in certain ways and and when when you get out when your focus loses when you lose your focus on Jesus Christ that's when you're able to stray from the road. And in me telling those stories those all those stories actually happened. two brothers that I I know pretty well and I trust them and then it happened to me and I saw that. Can I explain it? I can't. But there was there is another person there and I believe that's a person that doesn't grow old. I believe that's a person that I really believe that's in the presence of God. Now, as Jesus said, those little children, even even these kids here, if they're believers in Jesus Christ, they have a representative up there. And Jesus said, "Be careful what you say to them. Be careful not to offend even the even the kids because their angel in heaven is now beholding the face of God." So, we should never, brothers and sisters, if you truly are, if you're truly a believer, we should never fear. I remember when that happened to me, there was no fear whatsoever. And it's because I knew that God loved me. I knew that God was with me. And if we put these things before him, he is the high priest that is willing to take the punches for us, to stand for us. And we should give him everything that we have. We should put it all into Jesus Christ. And this book of Hebrews, it's a masterpiece. If you read it, we went through a lot of scriptures and I didn't touch the surface of the depth that the author is going back into the Old Testament and bringing these things out and he's giving these people in their church services. He's giving them something to study and he's saying, "Look how great this man is. You don't look don't get off of the path. looked to this man. He spoke to Abraham. The man that was that was that many of them knew the author saying this man spoke to Abraham. He was after that order of Melzdc. He was that priesthood. And this man Melzdc the reason his priesthood is so important that priest makes atonement for the sinner. But this man Melzdc, he is eternal. He didn't have a beginning. He didn't have an end. He is always there for us. It's Jesus just in a different manifestation. And he is everything. He's wonderful. Daniel, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart in every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. Dear Jesus, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety to every soul head captive by depression. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. We're like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. [Music] Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Let's all stand. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Amen. [Music] Whether we're praying, whether we're we're singing, or whether we're digging deep like today into scriptures all throughout this Bible, Jesus Christ is in it all. We worship him. We learn more about him. And brothers and sisters, he is always there for us. He's he's wonderful. Brother Daniel and sister um sister Roelly Walker, friends of um brother Tim Cruz. God bless you. Welcome. I'm sorry I didn't recognize you earlier. God bless [Music] you, brothers and sisters. Dig into this book of Hebrews. You won't be disappointed. I promise. It's this man Melzdc. He was the manifestation of something that we may not understand, but things are going on behind the scenes in the spiritual realm. And they're going on right now. And there is a battle going on. And it's a battle for the souls of men and women. And it's it's a raging battle. Satan wants those souls. Jesus Christ wants those souls. And the decision is up to us. As I've said before, we're coming up on an election year. Jesus voted for me. Satan voted against me. And my destination depends on how I vote. Amen. Vote for Jesus Christ. Love him. Serve him. Do everything that you can for him. Put him first in your life. And trust him. You don't ever have to fear. If you truly trust in Jesus, he is capable. He is willing and able to take care of any problem that you may have. It might be, if you're young, it might be who you're going to marry. It might be a sickness. Whatever it is, Jesus Christ can take care of it and he will. We just lay it upon him. He said, "Take your burdens, lay them upon me." He said, "My yoke is easy. My burden is light. I can handle it. And as we get on to the last chapter of this book of Hebrews, it says that he is the same yesterday and today and forever. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we are grateful, Lord. We're grateful for for your word, for your Bible that we can dig into it. Father, we can dig deep into these scriptures and see that Jesus is everywhere. all the way from the tree of life all the way down through Melchzdc, all the way to [Music] Moses to the manifestation of of the Messiah in the in Bethlehem and then the Holy Spirit that fell upon the people from the day of Pentecost until this day. Lord, we're grateful for Jesus Christ. We're grateful for for Lord his word. We're grateful for the for the atonement. Lord, we just can't say enough. Pray for each person here that your hand would be upon them. And Father, that that you would go before us as we leave and we go to our places, Lord, that you would bless the service tonight. Bless brother Aaron as he ministers. Father, may it be a blessing. I pray we love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. when he moves among us. All that he does and all of his mercy and all of his love. If the pen of a rider could write every day, even this world could never contain. Oh, how I've been blessed. The warmth in the winter, flowers in spring, laughter at summer, and changing of leaves, the food on my table, a good place to sleep, clothes on my back, shoes on my feet. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good, so good. I have been blessed. But arms that will raise, a voice that can talk, hands that can touch, legs that can walk, ears that can listen, eyes that can see. I've got to praise him. As long as I breathe, I have been blessed. A mother and father who nurtured and raised. Sisters and brothers, memories made our pastor to lead us. This altar to pray, stripes that could heal the blood that still saves. I have been blessed. And I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. We live in a country. The greatest on earth where the flag stands for freedom in what is it worth. She stands in the harbor. Miss Liberty calls. All have given some but some gave it all. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Raise your hand if you've been blessed. Amen. Jesus Christ is our blessing. He's alive today. He's given us so much. Brothers and sisters, we could there's not enough words to thank him for what he's done for us. Each one of us can look into our the the history of our lives and we can see how many times he's taken care of us. And let me tell you, there's more times coming. He's going to take care of you today. He'll take care of you tomorrow. And one day soon, we will be with him in eternity. And I look forward to that day that I can just fall down out of fall down at his feet and say, "I have been blessed." And we have. God bless you, brothers and sisters. I pray that the Lord be with you. You're dismissed. I'm gonna I'm uh I won't be here this evening. Brother Aaron will um be ministering. I will be um I have to jump on a plane and head to St. Louis for a few days. I'll be back on Thursday. So, I'll miss this evening and Wednesday. Thank you. Pray for me. Pray for me that that um I get closer to God. Heath, I want to just keep getting closer to him and closer to him and and just come into his presence and say, "Lord, thank you. Lord, I love you so much. Forgive me for my sins, for they are many. Lord, let me just abide in your presence for an eternity. That's my greatest desire. And I pray that each one of you would also abide in his glory and his greatness for all of eternity. We can get together, brother Joe. We'll get together. We'll shake each other's hands. We'll be friends for all eternity. And we'll we'll have memory of this place. And we'll say, "Remember that church? That's where this person came to the Lord. That's where this altar was is where that other one gave their hearts to God. And they're here now because of that day and that decision that they made. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're [Music] dismissed. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
