################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-02-06 - Obedience To The Lord: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-02-06
Title:   Obedience To The Lord: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bnrr0YG7I8
========================================

Is he worthy? Yes. This morning, Brother Jordan mentioned it. Um, in the year that I've been pastor, I've never seen such chaos, so many problems before a service back there. and and seeing how things weren't weren't working and and and we were having trouble with with the song service and we we were having trouble with the people and and with the Sunday schools and and even the internet went out in the building. We weren't streaming. So, I was nervous. And if you know me, I like order. I do. I like things in order and it uh it's not in my happy place when when things are not in order. It's just bothering me this morning and I just got down back there and and praying and I said I said, "Lord, what's going on?" And something inside of me said, "Well, what's this title of your sermon today?" And it's obedience to the Lord. And uh so before we get started, let's just I'm going to come down here and let's just let's just bow our heads and ask him. Almighty God, Lord Jesus, how many times through history have Father, you've taken man's will and and what we think should be and then Lord, you change them. And if it's a willing heart, Father, that we can get into your spirit, then Lord, you bless the people. May today be one of those days, Father. Forgive me, Lord, for being nervous. And Lord, take this service. And Father, how many problems that that we've had at the beginning, may it be turned around, Father, may it be a great great blessing to the people. We pray. Grant, Lord, in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. You can be seated. I uh tell you, we always want to be obedient to the Lord. And uh I'm just I'm grateful I'm grateful to be here and and I know that if it's my will, if if I'm trying to preach my message or if I'm trying to to have my service or implement my will, then it's going to fail. But if we can just get into that channel of God to where we can just surrender ourselves and we can just be obedient to the spirit speaking and get ourselves out of the way. That's the hardest thing in the world is to get ourselves out of the way. The biggest enemy that I have on earth right now is Daniel Evans senior. This guy right here. And I feel like if we can just get just have that same spirit that the son of God had had where he just set himself aside and he said, "I always do that which pleases my father. Lord, if I could just have that, it's the desire of my heart and I I believe that the Lord will give us the desires of our hearts." I want to welcome our visitors this morning. There's quite a few. I won't recognize everybody, the Bates family. God, God bless you all. Welcome. Where'd you go? Where'd they go? Oh, there you are. Right there behind brother behind the next visitor, brother Trevor. Brother Trevor, did you appreciate Brother Trevor's song this morning? And really and all and all the songs. Um, when I was back there praying, we've been going through the book of 1 Samuel. Um, we went through it on Wednesday night and when Saul would get nervous and he'd get this bad spirit on him, he'd invite this young man named David in to play music and it would send away those spirits that were tormenting Saul the king. And not to compare myself, I pray with Saul, but I'll tell you what, when Sister Jessica sang that song, just a peace came over me. and came come out and have brother Josiah there singing. I'm just I'm just just grateful um how music what a blessing that music is to us. I um have a friend here and we heard him sing, brother Trev Trevor Eman. He's a minister of the gospel. He's also a good friend, an old friend. Brother Trevor, God has placed him in my path. Um, over the years, and when I got my call to the ministry years ago, um, Brother Trevor was the one that I believe the Lord told me to fellowship with him. And we were already friends, but the Lord wanted us to be closer friends. I'm going to ask brother Trevor to come up and say a few words to the congregation. He's a beloved friend. His family is there in Jeffersonville. He's uh he's got some great kids. He's got a great wife. Um and and they're just they're they're old friends. So, Brother Trevor, if you would say a few words to the congregation, we'd really appreciate it. Thank you, my brother. Bless you. And God bless you this morning. I won't be one of those that says a few words in an hour and a half. Not not not happening. But do just want to read a scripture um to you. But I I do want to just say it's wonderful to be here. Um I think the last time I I stood behind this pulpit was about 2010. Um so many many years ago. A lot of water under the bridge since then. And um but just happy to be back and in fellowship with you all and have so many new faces here. That's wonderful what the grace of God is doing in your midst. Amen. Amen. So on that note of the grace of God in your midst, Acts chap 11 and verse 23. And this is just the verse that I believe God has has given to me for my ministry. And so if I have a few minutes to say something, well then this is the few minutes I'm going to say. Amen. Amen. So um and it says uh verse 22, these the tidings of these things came into the ears of the church which is at Jerusalem. They sent forth Barnabas that he should go as far as Antioch who when he came and had seen the grace of God was glad and exhorted them all that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord. And so if I could say anything to you, I would say if the grace of God, and we believe that it is, the grace of God is among you. Um, he sent you a a wonderful uh friend of mine here as as your pastor um after many years and and so the grace of God is here and you have fine people for musicians and you know the different things and and and the Lord can really use this. Amen. To be a blessing to your hearts. But if but but then what is your response? The grace of God is amongst you. So I would just say with purpose of heart, cleave to the Lord. Don't just let the Lord come along and hit you. Yeah. Those are those are the hard times. You know, when God wants you and you're not uh you're not responding, oh, those are some trying times. I I I learned real early on, Lord, if you want me to be a minister, I'll just, you know, running is running hasn't worked too well for those that you've called in the ministry. But just even in our personal lives, don't run from the Lord with purpose of heart. Cleave to him. You know, if if our brother's going to preach on obedience this morning, you know, obedience is oh, not something we all just love to do, right? That's not a that's not just the oh yeah, I can't wait to obey the law. Especially when it says speed limit 55, like just a sign me up to obey that one. Like obedience isn't exactly natural to us. It's not exactly something, but but if we can recognize that it's not just some bureaucrat who made the sign 55, but this is God Almighty. This is our Lord Jesus Christ who poured himself out to us in love and grace and mercy. And if it's he and his character that's pulling us and drawing us into obedience, then then what what better thing could we possibly do? So, I would just say that that that have a purpose in your heart today. decide to to live your life in such a way that Lord your grace is upon me. May I may I may I have purpose. You know, we're all longing for purpose and and in this day they the culture tries to just take away every purpose of of everything. I mean the purpose of man, purpose of woman. We don't even know what those things are anymore and that the culture tries to take it all away from us. But God gives us purpose, great purpose that that we can feel like there's I I have a part to play in this and you do. And so I would say friends, God bless you with purpose of heart. Cleave to the Lord Jesus. Amen. Funny he should say that. It's pretty much what my sermon's about today is what brother Trevor so eloquently said in two minutes. Well, it's going to take me an hour probably to say. I um I do appreciate I appreciate brother Trevor. Brother Trevor and I were talking a couple days ago and he was he was telling me some testimonies and and brother Trevor and I we have a relationship where where we talk about the deeper things and we can run things by each other and we may not agree on everything but we sure love each other and it's really nice having someone that you can talk to like brother Trevor who is a solid minister of the gospel that He is going, he knows this word as well as I do and we can talk about these things and he can say what about this and I can say what about that and then we can come together and reason many of these things out and I think it's helpful to both of us. Brother Trevor was he came here and he told me kind of the same way that our service our church went this morning where he had something in his mind that he was going to do and he had it in his mind that well I'll probably preach here and here and I'm going to have these sermons ready. And then when he got here it didn't work out that way. And brother Trevor and now he's back. I'm going to stop talking about him. But when when brother Trevor when he said that when he got here it didn't work out the way that he had it in his mind that it was going to be but that the Lord took him and he used him in a different way than what he thought. And it wasn't in a way that we might think. But in brother Trevor's obedience, he didn't try to make it work. He didn't try to make it happen what he thought that his trip to to Arizona should produce. And the what had happened was God used him in probably a much greater way than if it would have gone the way that brother Trevor wanted it to go. And it's the same with all of us. We have in our mind how church should go. We have in our mind how the Lord should use us. But most of the time, if not every time, it's not the way that we think. And if you know your Bible, then you know that that's the way that it happens with most of God's servants. we've been going through and I'm going to get to David and Saul at the end. But David would have never thought being the least, being the youngest, smallest probably of his whole family and poor, didn't have a lot of money that he would one day be king of the greatest country in the world. And it's with all of us. But David David humbled himself before the Lord. I um we had a nice time last weekend for those that went to um Los Cusus, New Mexico. It was it was just it was a real blessing to be there and I was so proud of the group that we brought with us and the talent that we had not only on the um in the in singing praises and the specials that we sang. We showed talent there, but we also showed talent on the basketball court. And and I was proud of that, too. And uh Me, too. Yeah, I was making it, man. I scored like half our team's points. It was great. Um well, maybe not half. I exaggerate. It's like when I go fishing, things get bigger. Um and and uh but I did score and I I scored a couple times, but it was a lot of fun. We we enjoyed our our trip there and I gave a testimony that while while I was there that I've often given about a t a man that I know, an old man that I met years ago named Tom Jennings and I've told this church how Tom back in the 1940s his dad was a trustee in the Assembly of God church and the pastor was um the the pastor his wife was dying of cancer. Well, William Brandham was having meetings there in Florida where they were and then the assembly of God was jealous of this evangelist coming through, this healing evangelist, and they told the people that you are not to go over to hear this man preach or you will be excommunicated. You'll be kicked out of the church. The pastor, of course, his wife um was sick. He felt like he couldn't go. So, he was basically allowing his wife to die while being part of this church. And I've I've gave that testimony before. His his wife ends up getting healed. And while they were in the prayer line, the pastor um the uh brother Brandham calls him out from behind him and he says the the woman with cancer's there and he says, "You have cancer." And he says, "Let me tell you something that no one knows." He says, "Your husband behind me is a minister and he has cancer. No one knows he has cancer, but he has cancer of the mouth." He brought them to um the platform. They both were healed. I didn't I've never given this part of the testimony before. And it shows how God requires obedience. This isn't really even um I'm trying to be obedient to the Lord. It's not really in my sermon today, but I think it goes along well. And while they were at those meetings, this is, like I said, late 40s. While they were at those meetings, Tom Jennings was there. He's a young man, and he watched a woman bring up two what's called a waterhead baby. These waterhead babies, they they don't see you don't see them as much today because there's not as much trauma in the womb. There's a lot better medicine today that can prevent this. But what had happened was that there was these two twins that came up and it was a very serious situation. These these children, these babies had these giant heads and they brought them up before brother Brandham and brother Brandham and the gift that he had and the discernment. They bring him up there and the the woman brings him up and he says, "You sister," he says, "Are you their parents?" She says, "No, I'm not." And what had happened was the parents didn't want to bring the child up, the children up. So they had their friend bring her bring the kids. So So he says, "Brother Bam says, I want to see the parents." And they were there in the service sitting somewhere else. The young men, the young man, the young lady, they come up and they stand with their child there. And he says, he says, "You're the parents of these two children." They said, "Yes." And he says, "You're not married." And they said, "No, we're not." And he says, "If you want these children to be married, to be healed, then go and get married." That day after the service was over, that day the two parents stayed. Tom Jennings is a witness. He saw it happen. The two parents stayed. They had a the whoever the pastor was had a ceremony, married the husband and the wife and Tom said immediately immediately those two children were healed. Those two babies infants were healed. Amen. And it it shows that God required an obedience with these this couple that was there. Yeah, he, you know, we do things in the past and we've all made mistakes and things that doesn't matter. But what matters is what we're doing right now. He required that obedience. And imagine us, you and me, if we have if we have a job and we go to work and we tell the boss, you know, I'm not I'm not going to do that today. The boss is going to say, oh, you're not. No, you know, I just I'm not going to do I'm not going to do my job today. I um I don't feel like it. And your boss would say, "Well, okay." And that might last for a couple days, but you're gonna be out of a job here really soon. We wouldn't ever We wouldn't do that to our boss. But yet, we will do it to God himself. We will go before the Lord and say, you know, all of this stuff that uh that that you know is required of me, you know, I'm not I'm not going to do it. come to come to maybe come to the pastor and say, you know, pastor, I really appreciate your your service and I really like how you tell stories about the Bible. You know, you're really good about that. Good at that. And boy, it's really exciting, but you know, but when you're talking about some of this other stuff, you know, um why don't can you just stick to salvation? I don't want to go too far. You know, I I just I I don't you know, if there is a hell, I don't want to go to hell, but but then I I don't want to go all the way. I'll do it eventually. Oh my. And that's how that's how we hear it so often. You know, eventually one day I'm going to do it. One day I'm going to stop sleeping with my girlfriend. One day I'm going to stop looking at pornography. One day I'll eventually forgive this person that has done me wrong. One day when I'm ready, I'll do it. So what you're saying is you're going to do it under your terms and not under God's terms. You wouldn't treat your boss that way. And how much greater is our Lord Jesus Christ than our boss. I was talking with really had a nice time when we went to um Los Cusus and came back and I had a nice time with brother Josiah, sister Katie, my wife and I did good windshield time. You know, it's fun. It's fun to travel and you can talk about things and and one of the things I told brother Josiah is they just moved down here and I told him I said listen I said don't come to this Tucson tabernacle to enjoy a sermon telling you how much better you are than the rest of the world. Don't come here to say I'm the elect. I'm the bride. I'm the elite elite and we're just waiting waiting for the rapture to get out of this sinful w world. This is not the place for that. If you come to this church, this Tucson Tabernacle is a ministry. It is your ministry, brothers and sisters. And you might have to do things that you're uncomfortable in doing, but this church is to win souls. This church is to bring people to the Lord Jesus. And brother Trevor and I were talking and we were talking about building a church and how you get the people in, you you bring them in. But there must be another step and we think that other step is conforming. But listen, that next step, the Lord Jesus told us what that next step is. The way you grow in the Lord is to be more obedient to him. and he commissioned us to go into the world and to make disciples to Christ. And if we're not doing that, then we are not growing anymore. We stopped. Brother Brandham taught us that there is this three-step process. There's justification. You've been forgiving of your forgiven of your sins. You've come to the waters of baptism to show the whole world how you've repented and you've made a change in your life. first step and then there's sanctification. You overcome your sinning and the bad habits that hinder your walk with the Lord. But then there is a third step and that is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. We stop at the second step. Most most of the time we stop at that second step and say, "Oh, I'm sanctified. I have it. I'm bride. I'm great. I just want to sit back and just relish in my goodness. That is not the case. Then you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Then once you are once you have that, then you are set aside for service of the Lord. You have a work to do now. Yes. And that work. The Lord Jesus said, "Go out and make disciples of Christ. But there's a lot that goes with that. And it's, believe me, it's not just coming to church and enjoy a sermon. Oh boy, I really felt condemned on that." Well, well, what good did it do if you really felt condemned? Did you make a change? Are you doing something? Are are you winning souls? Are do you have a purpose in life? That purpose in life is not just to be a good person. That purpose in life is not to quit smoking, quit drinking, quit quit run running around, quit, as I said, quit doing those other things. That's not your purpose in life. Those are just it's not what you, as I've said many times, it's not what you don't do for God that matters. It's what you do for God. Amen. You can always make yourself better and you can always stop doing things. But when you stop doing something and you take that part out of your life now, it creates a void right there. And that void has to be filled with something. You got to fill it with service of God. You got to fill it with the Holy Spirit because if that void stays there, the enemy is going to come right back in and fill it up worse than it was before. So you say, "I stopped doing this." Okay, that's good. Praise the Lord. But what did you start doing to replace that? And that is the true church of God. One of those things, let's turn to Matthew chapter 18. Listen to this. This is great. This is a This is a story about how the Lord Jesus was teaching. He he was teaching his disciples and he's teaching people and he tells them about when you have something against someone else. Matthew chapter 8 18 verse1 15 says this. Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone. We can stop right there and we can say everyone in this room is guilty of not doing that. If someone has done you wrong, if there's something in your heart against someone, don't tell anyone, go to that person. Commanded by not just a prophet, but God himself in flesh. I mean, the prophets messages obviously we believe are also from God, but this is from Jesus. Go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone. And if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother. But if you will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established. He didn't say go tell your friends and go tell the people of the church and start start bickering among other. He didn't say any of that. He said just take now one person and go. And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it to the church. But if it be neglect but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as a heathen heathen man and a publican. Verily I say unto you, whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever you shall l loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Brother Trevor, right after he said that, then he raises these stakes all the way here. And he says, oh, he says, if you bind it on earth, God will bind it in heaven. If you loose it on earth, he'll loosen it in heaven. What a great authority that he has given to the people. But he qualified it with just that one little thing about don't fight, don't bicker. And again, I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything. If you agree on anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. If just two of us will agree on asking anything from the father, then you will be given it. Look at what obedience does. If we will just be obedient to God's word, do what he said. Then look what it produces. Whatever you will ask. We live so below. We live so below our callings. We live so below these promises. And where two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst. Imagine if we really believed that. Wow. If we really believed, if there was really two or three people here that are really gathered in the name of Jesus Christ according to his word, that he would be here. We say it all the time, but imagine if he was really here. Imagine if Jesus Christ was standing right here. I'd rather him be standing right here. Imagine he if if he was actually here, but yet it's a promise. That's right. that if two or three are gathered in my name, I will be there. Don't just say it. We believe it. Lord, you're here. I'm going to ask you. It says right here. If Brother Hano and I, if you and me, if we're together in this and you and I ask, it'll be done. Imagine if we really actually believe that. Now, I think Peter was just thinking about the first part of the sermon about this. Don't tell anybody. He'd missed the whole part about if I'm if anyone's gathered in my name there, I'm in the midst. If you ask anything, I'll do it. And all this. And Peter, he's like, "Well, what wait a minute?" And Peter came to him and said, "Lord, how Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him till seven times? Bro, you missed the whole thing. You miss the big things. And Peter's here stuck. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. To have all this. And Peter with the revelation sees, whoa, I got to be obedient to God first before I can have these promises. And Jesus, he said, "How often shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him till seven times? Do you want me to forgive him seven times? Do you want him just keep sinning against me and I have to forgive him seven times?" Jesus said unto him, I say, "Not unto these until seven times, but until 70 times seven over and over and over again, we have to forgive those that do something against us." And yet, how many of us really do it? and we wonder why that we pray and we ask and it doesn't happen. We have to be obedient. One of the greatest obedience people was this man named Abraham back in the Old Testament. Abraham that really no one was God was not speaking to people. And this man Abraham was really he changed everything when God makes this covenant with this man Abraham. And God tells Abraham, he wants to show his obedience. So Abraham couldn't have children. Abraham and Sarah couldn't have children. God gives them a miracle. They have this son named Isaac. They're so happy. so happy that God had given this promised son to them. And then God comes to Abraham and he says, "Take your son and take him up on Mount Mariah and there build an altar to me. Take wood. Lay your son who you love." Yeah. on this altar and sacrifice him to me. Whoa. Obedience. How many of us would do that? Now, God did not require a human sacrifice back then, but he made Abraham go right to the place. Abraham goes up there. Here's young Isaac, and imagine his obedience. Isaac, they get this. They get the the bundle of wood. Isaac carried it himself. Imagine Jesus Christ carrying the cross. Yes. Where he was going to be sacrificed. And this time, God was not going to stop it. There's Isaac. He comes up. He says, "Father, uh, there's no sacrifice." They build the altar, lay Isaac down. God's watching all of this. Every angel in heaven is probably watching. In obedience to God, Abraham raises his hand with this knife. And then the angel of the Lord says, "Stop Abraham. Now I know you love me." He was going to do it. Now I know that you love me. Genesis chapter 22:3 says this, "And Abraham lifted up his eyes and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his thorns. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered him up for a burnt offering in thestead of his son." And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah Gyra. God will provide himself a sacrifice. As it is said to this day, in the mount of the Lord, it shall be seen. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of the heaven a second time, and said, By myself I have sworn, sayeth the Lord, but for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son. Abraham had the spirit of God on him. God didn't withhold his only son either, right? that in blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which is upon the seashore, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice. The obedience of one man blessed the entire world. And we are receiving still receiving those blessings 4,000 years later. So what happened on that day had on Mount Mariah had such significance that that is the place that Solomon built the temple of the first temple of God and that's the place that's promised according to my understanding that another temple will one day be built there in that same place that same place where Abraham was going to sacrifice his son. But we see obedience, but we also see the children of disobedience. Rebellion is all over the Bible. We just went through the book of Judges and we saw where every man did that which was right in his own eyes that did that what they thought were right and it wasn't following God. He was serving themselves. And Satan thrives in rebellion against God. He loves it and he just keeps it going. Rebellion landed Satan in hell. Isaiah chapter 14. Listen to this. Verse 12. How art thou fallen from heaven. Oh Lucifer, son of the morning, how art thou cut down to the ground which didest weaken the nations? How does he how does he weaken the nations? He weakens the nations with a selfish attitude among the people. And it's the attitude that we see in our country today. We will destroy this country for votes. Wow. We'll take out of the pockets of hardworking Americans and we'll put it in the people who refuse to work so they can stay in power. If you want something, go to the store and take it. You're entitled to it. And what f and what follows? Sin and drugs and perversion and crime. And they and many times it says, you know what? I'm not ready to serve him now. I'm going to continue on serving myself. Wow. And there is Satan. By doing this, they come into obedience, not of God, but of the spirit of someone else. We see that spirit, friends, in the churches today. Many times we see the pastors, they preach a narrative that whatever sect they're preaching to, whatever the megaurch movement or the Baptist or what we call the message, what because whatever they want, they want to build their own popularity. They want to build their own influence. They want to build their own ministry. And it's about themselves. And we see that they may be successful, but it's not God's way. Let me go back to Isaiah 14:12 and read it again. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Wow. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit. I guess there's probably many churches that aren't really allowed to preach hell, but it's all over the Bible. There is a punishment for sin, and it's my job to say stay away from that. You don't want to go there. Serving yourself will bring sorrow. It'll bring sin. It'll make your life worse. I promise you. It may be a little bit of instant gratification. Maybe not paying for something or whatever. You you get to keep that money in your wallet, but you will suffer for it later if you are a child of God. Satan's saying, "You have no control over me. I'm not coming under your leadership. I'm not following your laws. God responds, "Oh, yes, you are." God created hell and Satan. I mean, hell for Satan and his demons. The spirit of Satan is, I won't be controlled. I will be not to in obedience to anyone, to any God. I'm not talking about I'm not talking about me or the pastor of this church. you wouldn't do it anyways. I'm talking about God and God's word. That's the main thing. You need to have that relationship with the Lord. Now, we see the disobedience of Satan wanting to serve himself. Now, let's look at the obedience of Jesus Christ. St. John 12 4049 Jesus says this. He says,"For I have not spoken of myself, but the Father which sent me, he gave me the commandment what I should say and what I should speak, and I know that his commandment is life everlasting. Whosoever I whatsoever I speak, therefore, even as the father said unto me, so I speak." So, he's saying that I don't even have my own words. This is Jesus. I don't even have my own words. I'm so obedient to God that what he tells me, that's what I say. St. John 5:1 18. Therefore, the Jews sought the more to kill him because he not only broken the Sabbath, but said also that God was his father, making himself equal with God. Exactly what Lucifer tried to do is exactly what they were accusing Jesus, the Pharisees were accusing Jesus of. They knew the scriptures. But by being so obedient to God, this man Jesus Christ became God. Then answered Jesus and said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself. Nothing by himself, but what he seeth the Father do. For what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise." Verse 30. Let's skip to verse 30, please. I can of mine own self do nothing. This is Jesus talking. The greatest, most powerful man that had ever stepped on the earth. I can of myself do nothing. As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just, because I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father which has sent me. If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. If I'm telling you how great I am, then don't believe me. If I'm telling you how many miracles I've done or how many people I've led to the Lord or how great my ministry is, then don't believe me. If I do that, then my witness is not true. My witness is of myself and not the father. There is another that beareth witness of me and I know that the witness which he witnesses of me is true. He's speaking of the father. In another place he says that he always Jesus says that I always do that which pleases my father. That's why he was able brothers and sisters to do as much as he did. We will never attain the level that Jesus was but we can sure try and we can do everything that we can to serve God. I was um I want to talk about another young man that was rebellious. Um I was breaking a horse one time. We we were there was a this family that they had adopted these two Mustangs and they're they're littleer horses and they were they were able I was able to kind of manhandle the one and the little Philly she was great. I was she was she was eating out of my hand fairly within the first day and I mean within a couple days I was on her and I was I was trying to she she I won her I won her trust and and she turned out to just be a great horse. Um her name the the two horses named the uh the family named them Georgie and Vernon. So Georgie was great. Very sweet. Very sweet horse. But Vernon was not so much. I want to kill that horse. I couldn't catch him. He would get out in the in the in the uh corral and he would run and run and run for days. I tried to c catch that crazy animal and I couldn't get a hold of him. So I said, "All right, forget it. It's either going to be he's going to die or I'm going to ride him." So he comes. So what I did is I take my rope, my my lasso, and I tie it to the post that I was sitting on of the fence. And I took the other end of it. And here comes Vernon. And he's tearing around and I take my rope and I throw it around. And I caught him perfectly over his head. Tightened it up and I let it go. And Vernon was cruising, man. Full blast. And that rope rope came tight and he jerked back and all four hooves went up in the air and he landed on his back and I thought, "Oh no, I just broke his neck. The horse is dead." He landed on his back and he rolled over, stood up, shaking, was looking at me like, "How in the world did that man sitting on that post just do this to me?" I walked up. I jumped down off the post and Vernon's standing there and he's looking at me. I walked up to him, put my hand on his face, and he just stood still, stroked his his hair on his face, and I said, "Hello, Vernon. I'm the boss." And from that moment on, Vernon respected me. And we we de we developed this really nice relationship and he ended up being a wonderful horse, really good. and they could put the kids on these horses and and they just turned out great animals. And the family was so happy. And it goes to show that sometimes God, we will be running around, running away from God. And sometimes God will say, "I've had enough of it." Throw his rope around us and we'll find ourselves on our back. We'll find ourselves in prison. We'll find ourselves with no money. We'll find ourselves in the hospital. We're find ourselves completely without God. But it's the kindness and the love of God that does it. Vernon was running around and he you know what? If id have let him go then he would have done nothing in his life. But once I caught him and he realized he became he had a great life. He got all the food that he wanted. He didn't have to worry about out in the desert near Yuma where he grew up trying to find some food and trying to find some water. He grew up in this in this stall in this great place. His family loved him. They they just they he loved them. It was just a nice time for Vernon. But imagine if I would have just let him go. He had a calling in his life, brother Trevor. That horse had a calling, but it needed somebody to yank him. There's a man, a young man in the Bible who's a child of God, had a tremendous gift in his life. And he saw he was studying under the most respected rabbi in the entire country. His name, you know him well, his name was Saul of Tarsus. And he saw he saw that these new people were coming in following this man named Jesus. They didn't look like we looked. They didn't act like we act. They didn't follow this Moses that we believe. They didn't follow this prophet. He's this this man Jesus said, "No, you don't have to honor the Sabbath." Even though that's not what Jesus was saying. That's what they thought. So Paul in his self-righteousness, in his hatred, he gets worked up and he where he wanted to kill these people and he goes and he finds himself on his back just like that horse did with his hooves up in the air. Comes gets prayed for. He he uh loses his eyesight. He's scared to death. And there he is. And then the master comes to him and says something on the order of, "Paul, I'm the boss. You follow me." And it woke this man up. We have his testimony. You want me to read his testimony by his own words? Acts chapter 22:3. Paul is telling what happened. And the Lord got a hold of him. Verse three, he says, "I'm verily a man which I'm a Jew born in Tarsus, a city of Cissia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Galo, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous towards God as you are this day. He's talking to these self-righteous people that think that they've got it. And he's like, Paul says, I said, he says, I get it. I understand the way you think. And I persecuted this way unto death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women, as also the high priest as head Sadducee, as also the high priest does bear me witness. and all the estate of the elders from whom also I received letters unto the brethren and went to Damascus to bring them which were bound unto Jerusalem for to be punished. Now look at what this man was guilty of. And it came to pass that as I made my journey and was come nigh to Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me. I'll bet you Vernon saw a light when that rope went tight. I wish you could have seen that. And I fell into the ground, and I heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? And I answered, and I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest? And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid, but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me. And I said, What shall I do, Lord? And he said unto me, "Arise, and go into Damascus, and there it shall be told of thee of all things which are appointed thee to do." And when I could not see, for the glory of the light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came to Damascus, and one Ananas, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews, dwelt there. And he came to me and stood and said unto me, "Brother Saul, receive thy sight." And the same hour I looked upon him and he said, "The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, chosen you, the most unlikely one, the one that was running and wild and and couldn't be controlled." And he says, "No man's going to tell me what to do. You are going to not only be put in prison, but Paul said, I was consenting to their death, guilty of murder." wild that thou should us know this and we say that just one and should hear the voice of his mouth for thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard and now why terest thou arise and be baptized and wash away thy sins calling on the name of the Lord that wild uncontrollable man God got a hold of. And what Brother Trevor said earlier was perfect. She said, "You don't want to be slapped. You don't want to be hit." Brothers and sisters, if you are a child of God, I promise you. If you want to if if there is something in you, if God is calling out to you and he loves you, he's going to get you. He might put you on your back first. He might cause hardships to come, but he loves you, right? And he wants you to serve him and he wants to bless you. Everybody thinks that serving God is some great burden. Come on. Let me tell you, when I started serving God, all my burdens went away. It was no more. Now I could just trust in him. And I would get in a predicament. I'd say, "Lord, what is going on?" Like this morning, Lord, I've messed up. I wasn't organized enough. I didn't I didn't give enough instructions for all the all of the the um the the board members and the and the leaders. I didn't give them enough instruction. And then I down on my knees and he says, "What's your what's your sermon? Just be obedient to me. I'm in charge, not you." And I thank God. And here is Paul. This man, God had changed him. and then more revelation than anyone else that really had ever lived aside from the Lord Jesus. From this man, Paul wrote most of the New Testament, really set the churches in order. In closing, we went through Wednesday night and came to this man, David. And David just out of the out of the blue, God chooses this man and brings him, the prophet comes to him and anoints him just as a little boy, anoints him king. Yet for decades, he had to he had to know that he was going to be king and yet live under this tyrant named King Saul so much that Saul hated him. Everything David did was blessed. He killed a 10- foot tall giant, little guy with a rock. Killed a lion when it came to get his father's sheep. Won battle after battle after battle. Saul would send him out on suicide missions and he would just win the battle every time. Saul got so sick and tired of this this young man winning that he began to hate him. And one time David was coming back and the women were singing. They were saying, "Saul has killed his thousands and David his 10 thousands." From that point on, Saul wanted to kill this man because he was jealous of him. David runs to the wilderness and he's he's going out and he's running and and they had they didn't have water sometime. and they didn't have food and they were just struggling and they were hungry and he's with 400 men and and and doing everything that they can and then the Lord just provides little bit by little bit and how many times did David sit on the rocks and maybe look out across the valley and think I'm anointed king and I have to live like this Lord have you forsaken me don't know when Psalm 22 was written but it may have been during most surely was during one of these times. Maybe David's sitting on the rock. It's like, I would just like to go back to my dad's sheep. He says this Psalm 22 verse one. He says, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" Someone else said those words when he was hanging right here. David with the same inspiration says, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Why out thou why art thou so far from helping me and from the words of my roaring?" That word means groaning from the words of my groaning. Oh my God, I cry in the daytime, but thou hearest me not. and in the night season. And I'm not silent. Lord, I keep crying out to you. But thou art holy. Oh, thou that inhabit inhabitest the praises of Israel. Our fathers trusted in you, God. They trusted, and thou didest deliver them. They cried unto thee, and they were delivered. They trusted in thee, and were not confounded. Listen to the humility of this soon to be king. But I'm a worm and no man and no man a I'm a reproach of men and despised of the people. And they that see me laugh me to scorn. They shoot out the lip. They shake the head, saying, "He trusted on the Lord, that he would deliver him. Let him deliver him, seeing he delightth in him. But thou art he that took me out of the womb." Lord, you took me, you brought me into this earth. Thou didest make me hope when I was upon my mother's breasts. I was cast upon thee from the womb. Thou art my God from my mother's belly. Be not far from me, for trouble is near, for there is none to help. Brother Josiah and uh the musicians could come. Verse 17, he says, "I may tell all my bones. They look and they stare upon stare upon me. They part my garments among them and cast lots upon my vesture. But be not thou far from me, oh Lord, oh my strength, haste to help me. If you know your Bible, you know that Jesus Christ said these same same words when he was on the cross. And and here is David and he's sitting there and he's looking looking out and he's he's probably hungry and tired and he sees his men thin and not having what they need and he says, "Lord, why have you forsaken me?" And yet right there as he's writing writing these words, he probably had no idea that it was the same spirit of Jesus Christ that was on him, that these words would be recorded on all of eternity. And none other than the son of God would say the same thing when he was on the cross. Imagine imagine David and how down he was. And brothers and sisters when when things befall us when things come upon us and we think we think Lord why did why did all this and you see that yeah you made a mistake and we always do but you see that that everything has fallen down upon you. Don't worry. God is there. The same God that was there with David was there. And then it must have been a long time later, David wrote another psalm. He said this Psalm 34. [Music] He must have been thinking back maybe about all these hardships that he went through. He must have been thinking, I was once there. I was once on that mountain and and there was no hope for me. He said, "I will bless the Lord at all times." His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make her boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. And let us exalt his name together. [Music] He must have thought when King Saul was there, this great king that his whole desire of his whole life was to kill this young man. There he is out there not knowing what to do, just a few hundred men against the entire army of Israel. And he says, "I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. They looked upon they looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cried and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all of his troubles. The angel of the Lord encamp around them that fear him and deliverth them. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Yes. Oh, fear the Lord, all ye saints. Amen. For there is no want to them that fear him. If you fear God and you are obedient to God, then he will always provide. Maybe we could sing that song. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Yes. Amen. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. Yes, they'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried. I was that man. And the Lord heard me. And he heard me and save me from my enemy. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. Will deliver them. Sing it. Brothers and sisters, sing magnify the Lord with me. Yes. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Yes. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, taste and see. You have it for yourself. The Lord is good. He is good. Let's all stand. Brother Trevor see who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Yes. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt. Exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Think of David writing these words. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. [Music] May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise Jesus. They are incense to us. Let us bless the Lord. Bless the Lord every day. Give unto God what God deserves. Give him your life. Give him everything that's within you. Be obedient to God. Bless the Lord every day night. ever ending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Applause] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Yes. Lord, we love you. [Music] Father Jesus. Yes. Brother Trevor. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, oh how our hearts are lifted high. Yes, God. The presence of God in the midst, Lord, as you promised, Lord Jesus, this exhortation, oh God, that we've been been given that Lord, you and your grace are calling us, Lord, into a higher a higher obedience to you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh Lord, not that you could just rule over our lives because you wanted power, but God, because of love, Lord Jesus. Yes. Amen. You wanted a higher thing for us, Lord God, than our own natures, Lord, would have would have wanted. So, Father, we praise you. We praise you for the grace that you've given, Lord, mo, not, Lord, only to forgive us, Lord Jesus, but also to cleanse our hearts, Lord, of those things that that aren't pleasing to you, Lord God, and and that do nothing for our lives, Lord God. You're so good, Lord. You give us our your word to us for our instruction, for our edification. Thank you, Father, for Lord, your your reproof to us, Lord. But when it comes, Lord, it's kind and gentle. It's good, Lord. It's in love, Lord Jesus, to instruct and to bring us higher, Lord God. Lord, I'm thankful, Lord. Our hearts have been called higher, Lord, just just to think, Lord, the grace that could have come, Lord, our way to draw us into this room this morning, Lord, [Music] Lord, that you saw fit to call us, Lord, and and open our ears to hear, Lord. We're blessed beyond measure, Lord. May we return it. May we return such grace unto you and go oh Lord Jesus in more works and more service and more love back to you Lord Jesus grant it Lord may it be the expression of a heart of love from our hearts back unto you Lord God quicken now your words to us Lord God Lord may your Holy Spirit even now just be oh Lord just moving through each and every pew Lord Jesus speaking to the hearts Lord God individually taking what was spoken and being applied to the life of every and the heart of every believer here, Lord God, that you would speak, Lord God, your the personal thing that you were trying to say to their heart right now. Oh, come Lord Jesus and inhabit the praises of your people. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. One more time, let us bless the Lord. [Music] Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our inens [Music] bless the Lord every day and nighting praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense arise. Magnify magnify the Lord with me. Magnify his name. Come exalt exalt his name together. Glorify glorify him Lord with me Lord. Glorify yourself with me. Exalt his name forever. Brothers and sisters, I read the words of our Lord Jesus today and he said if two of you two of you will agree on anything that he will grant it, I say we should agree. And if you have something on your heart, if you have a need, if maybe the Lord threw that rope around your neck and it yanked you and you're laying on your back, be a good time to come to him and say, "Lord, help me. I have this need." [Music] If you would like to come, as always, we pray for anyone that wants to be prayed for. If the Lord is dealing with you, just in your seat, just put it before him and understand that he wants to deliver you. He wants to help you. He doesn't want anyone else. He doesn't want a minister or a priest or a pastor or anything else. He doesn't want anyone to dominate you. He wants you to be in obedience to him. And then he promised if you have a need, brothers and sisters, you're welcome to come for prayer. But I can promise you that when he said, "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I will be in his midst." He's right here. He's here because I believe our worship pleased him. So, let's just pray for just quietly while the sister plays the piano just just for a few moments before we leave.
