################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-11-18 - The Book of Nahum: Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-11-18
Title:   The Book of Nahum: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5HheFzal-4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Good evening. I don't often get to do this, so I'm excited when I get to play guitar and song lead. Let's sing this song she's playing. And he walks with me. And he walks with me. And he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. [Music] And the joy we share as we tear there. none other has ever known. Let's sing that song, Sheltered Safe Within the Arms of God. Are you happy to be here tonight? It's going to be a good service. I'm excited. Brother Ly's getting ready and I know it's going to be good. Let's just worship tonight. I feel the touch of hands so kind and gentle. They're leading me in paths that I must draw. I have no fear when Jesus walks beside me. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. So let the storms raise high, the dark clouds rise. They don't wor me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not on earth can harm me for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Soon I shall hear the call from heaven's portal. Come home, my child. It's the last mile you must try. I'll fall asleep and wake in God's new heaven. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. So let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't worry me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not on earth can harm me for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Let's sing the chorus again. So let the storms raise high, the dark clouds rise. They don't worry me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not on earth can harm me. safe within the arms of God. [Music] Let's all stand to our feet. Let's sing that song. In my life, Lord, be glorified today. [Music] in my life. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified today. singing. Oh, in my life, Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today in this church. In this church, Lord be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Lord be glorified today. Let's sing that again. In this church. In this church. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Lord be glorified today. Brother Daniel, if you want to come take the request in my life, Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life, Lord. be glorified today. Amen. Brother Ron Glidewell, if you would come and take the uh take the prayer requests here. I'll read them if you'll come and pray over him, my friend. Um [Music] first, Brother Ed Dooall writes this. He says, "Please pray for our 8-year-old grandson, Josiah, who was taken to Banner Hospital after he was struck in the face with the baseball bat while playing baseball. The scan shows a fracture of the orbital bone at his left eye. They are waiting for a neurologist and a doctor from the trauma opthalmology to see him." Brother Ed Dugal, I saw brother Ed show me a picture of the young man and it's he's got a pretty uh pretty banged up eye there. It's swollen all the way shut. And then um Sister Sharon writes uh an unspoken prayer request for her her friend Michelle. Brother, [Music] brothers and sisters, as always, we come to church and we come to church to worship. We come to church to be here for each other, but also we can come to church to be prayed for. Yeah. And we can come to church to receive an an answered prayer for something that we have a need of in our lives. So, if you have a need, something on your on your life or in your heart that you you'd like to make known to the Lord with an uplifted hand, just raise your hand with faith that he is able to answer and that he will answer. [Music] I've been healed so many times and so many prayers. It just is miraculous how God continues and each time we we come across these incidents we still we request him well Lord will you do it but then he he's so merciful and kind. Amen. With our little bit of unbelief he by grace he overlooks it and answers our prayers. Amen. So, let's just pray tonight and just look unto that kind, merciful God full of grace and have compassion on those that really need our prayers. And I believe this God that we serve and love and called us, I believe he'll look down and I believe he'll answer these prayers. Heavenly Father, we sincerely come before you through the shed blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. First of all, Lord, asking us that you would hide our sins. Remove him from us, Lord, that our prayer would not be hindered. To each and everyone that's represented here tonight, this little boy, Lord, that's he's suffering. I I've been a child. I And each one of us have been young and we've had incidents in our lives that we just wonder that if this is it, Lord, if you'll ever heal us, if we'll ever be well again. But we know you're faithful, Father. So give this little child some comfort tonight, Lord, and and that he would heal perfectly, that he would not have to suffer too much pain through this, Lord. You would have a compassion on him. And Lord, the unspoken request sometimes, Father, we just we don't know how to speak out what we need. And there are so many, Lord, that we love and care about our neighbors and our families. Lord, oh God, the we see the the ones on the streets, Father, and they stumble and and our hearts are broken, Father, somehow, oh God, somehow, oh God, would you meet the needs of these people as long as your people are here, Lord? I believe the world has an advocate before the father. So we do not want to shun this responsibility as sons and daughters of God to pray on their behalf. father. But as we know, Job, Lord, he he sacrificed for his children just in case they had sinned. So Lord, we bring our sacrifice before you on the on this case for these people, Father, that you would look down upon them with with mercy and kindness and look upon our hearts and and forgive us our sins and hear our prayers. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. Before we have our seats, let's sing the song uh Winds of Faith. I didn't give you that one before. Set your wings to the winds of faith. We'll do it in D. There are two roads you may take, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. For what you see, [Music] what you believe is what will be. And set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. And what's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain? [Music] Much too high. Speak the word of God. Just speak the word of God. By and by, it will move or you will fly. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Watch the eagle. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise. is already in the sky. Set your way to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's my grace. Set your wings to the wind. Let's sing verse two. What's your need? What's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain? much too high. Oh, just speak the word of God. By and by, it will move or you will fly. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Ways to the winds of faith. Do not struggle. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your ways to the winds of faith. Amen. Be I forgot to have you do this. Before you have your seats, shake somebody's hand. [Music] Let's do that in E5. [Music] Do you know the verses? Do you know the verses? [Music] I'm amazed that he loved me. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed. Yes, Lord. How you cared through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins they're washed. They're all washed away. Oh my sins are washed. One more time. Yes, I'm amazed. amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. [Applause] Through your preious blood, I found pardon. [Music] And my sins, they're washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Amen. As brother Lyall gets ready to come, let's sing He Looked Beyond My Fault in Bflat. He looked beyond my fault. Amazing grace shall always be my song. song of praise. For it was grace that brought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so. He looked beyond my fault and saw my need. I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw. Let's sing the first first verse again. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so. He looked beyond my faults and saw my needs. As brother Lyall comes, I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw my needs. Is that what he did for you? Yes. He looked beyond my faults. He looked beyond this guy. And saw my needs. And what were my needs? What is our greatest need? Jesus Christ in our life. He saw that empty spot that only he could fill. I'm so grateful. God bless you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Good evening. I'm excited to be here tonight. Tonight we'll take a look together at the book of the prophet Nahim as we call him in English and in Hebrew his name is Nahum but I'll be careful to try and not say that. The background image of this title slide you see is a portion of the book of Nahim from the Lenenrad Codeex. It's the oldest known complete Hebrew Bible. It was written by hand just over 1,000 years ago. Before we dig into Nahm, let's stand together and approach the Lord together as one body, united in prayer. Lord Jesus, it's such an awesome responsibility to be here, but it's such an amazing privilege to be gathered with your people, the bloodbought saints of God, Lord, that you reached down in 2024 and said, "Those are mine. Don't mess with them. Those are my kids." Lord, I'm grateful for the opportunity to be here. Lord, I pray that the words that are spoken be words that will encourage, that will uplift, and will point us to you. Thank you, Lord. Forgive me of my sins. Lord, let this rascal Lyall Johnson just not be here tonight, but may you be here in our midst and speak and move. We thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. For our opening verses, we'll read from two places that parallel part of Nahim's message of chapter 1. The first is from Exodus chapter 34:es 6 and the first part of verse 7. It says, "And the Lord passed by before Moses and proclaimed the Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, abundant in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands of generations, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin that will by no means clear the guilty." I know it doesn't say generations there, but when you look at the context, he's speaking specifically of generations. Here we see God's mercy and his grace as well as his justice. And next, as you might guess, will be somewhere else. It'll be the first psalm. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law doth he meditate day and night. He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. Please be seated. The book of Nahm deals specifically with the city of Nineveh, the capital of the Assyrian Empire, the the same Nineveh to which Jonah had been sent. About a hundred years had passed since Jonah was there. Around 40 years after Jonah's ministry, Assyria conquered Israel, the northern kingdom, exiled the inhabitants, repopulated it with people from other captured lands. Assyria also subjugated Judah, making it a vassal state. In spite of the idealic representation in this painting, the Assyrians were a violent, brutal people. We'll see in Nahm very specific statements about the future destruction of Nineveh. Please keep in mind as we go through this book, Nineveh is both the object of the prophecy and an example. Nineveh represents evil, brutal, and unjust political powers as well as those who reject the Lord. The message of Nineveh's particular destruction is a warning that while evil may persist until the end of all things, every evil tyrant and system will fall. God is a God of justice, mercy, love, and grace. He does not tolerate injustice. He will ultimately punish those who promulgate and propagate it. Nahm is the seventh among the group we call minor prophets. The prophecies of the minor prophets are just as authoritative as those of the major prophets. It's the word of the Lord. The subject or coverage of their prophecies is usually more tightly focused or narrower in scope than the major prophets. Nahim in Hebrew nah is a name which means comforter. However, the root word is a verb nam which means he judges, he avenges, he punishes. In this book, we'll see the Lord is simultaneously being both a comforter and the avenger. The book is short, has only three chapters. This is one breakdown I found of its topics. There are only a total of 47 verses in this prophecy. So, we'll read it all this evening. By the way, it was originally written as a poem. Before we read, of course, we need context. Let's start with geography. This is a view from space showing Jerusalem and Nineveh. We have no record that Nahm physically went to Nineveh, but the prophecy is also meant as a comfort and assurance to God's people in Judah. As we discussed under Jonah, the distance between the cities is about 500 miles by trade routes of the day, approximated by the yellow arrow. As you view this photograph from space, you can see the band of green from the lower right going on up through the top and down to the Mediterranean coast. It forms a crescent. And this is, if you've studied in geography and so forth in school many years ago for some of us, many decades ago for others of us, uh this is the so-called fertile crescent of ancient civilization. We're told that Neahim was an Elcoite, but there's no certainty as to where this town or village might have been. One theory, and I emphasize it's not certain, is that he was from what became known as the village of Nahm. In our Bibles, this is translated as Capernaum. In Hebrew, Gafarum, village of Nahim. This map shows it was on the northern shore of the Sea of Galilee. We know it was from here that Jesus based much of his ministry. The inset shows a present day aerial view of the site of ancient Capernaum. This map, those of you sitting in the back, I hope you brought your opera glasses or something. We I I'm going to continue to make these smaller and smaller and smaller to encourage you to come closer. It shows the extent of the Syrian Empire at the time that Nahm foretold its destruction. The areas are in three shades of green, growing lighter as it expands. But they show its approximate extent. As you can see, it covered a huge and fertile area. Agriculture was key to the strength of an area in those days. Reliable and abundant crops meant a larger percentage of the population could be supported in other labor, including construction, manufacturing, military, and ancient societies. The majority of people are what we would today call subsistence farmers. There was little left over. Taxation, such as tithes of the Old Testament, were often measured in produce, not currency. You'll notice there are no definite borders. When the Bible speaks of nations, it's not speaking of our modern concept of political entities with recognized borders. Unless you happen to be in Ukraine and Russia's your neighbor, then they don't recognize it. But it's speaking of peoples of various geographic regions, what we might think of as large clans or ethnic groups. For example, Galilee of the nations means that area known as the Galilee had a population of various non-Jewish ethnicities from various regions. Assyria was at the height of its power and dominion, the mightiest empire known up to that time. It was at its peak. This is a photo of one of the gates of Nineveh. Uh the arrow is about six feet tall. The statue to the right of the arrow is of a lion with a human head and with wings guarding the entrance. This is a massive, breathtaking, intimidating structure showing the wealth and power of the city the gate protects. Nineveh was the largest city in ancient Assyria, the seed of government, the capital of the Assyrian Empire. Uh the book doesn't tell us when it was written, but it contains clues that help us. This timeline gives us an idea of when Nahm prophesied. Jonah went to Nineveh, the capital of Assyria about 760 BC, shown at the far left. Within some 40 years, Assyria conquered Israel in 723 or 722 BC. thieves. Thus, Egypt, thieves being the capital of Egypt, fell to Assyria in 663 BC. Finally, Nineveh was destroyed and Assyria conquered by Babylonia in 612 BC. I note for the kids here that BC years count down. So, 760 BC is almost 100 years earlier than 663 BC. In chapter 3:ES 8-10, Nahm tells us about the fall of thieves, the capital of Egypt, as something that has already happened, which occurred in 663 BC. It's predicting the destruction of Nineveh, which occurred in 612 BC. So, it narrows the time of his prophecy to somewhere between these two events, an uncertain span of some 50 years. This puts him in the reigns of Manasseh and Ammon, evil kings indicated in red andor Josiah who was a righteous king. Since the reconstruction of thieves in 654 BC is not mentioned, many narrow the time of Naam's prophecy to between 663 and 654 BC during the reign of Manasseh, one of Judah's most wicked kings. It's a very dark time in the history of Judah. Assyria had a strangle hold on the kingdom. It's shown by the left pointing arrow in red by Nahm's name. For those in Judah, Nahm's prophecy against Nineveh would be a ray of hope. Remember his name, comforter. Others point out that his near quote from Deuteronomy suggests it may have been after Josiah's reforms and the uncovering of the book of the law in the 18th year of his reign which was about 623 BC. This is indicated by the right pointing green arrow by Nahm's name. Josiah's name and reign also appear in green is he was a good guy. Regardless of when in this period Nahm prophesied, Assyria had conquered Israel and dispersed its people between 60 and 100 years earlier and subjugated much of Judah for a similar number of years. This map again shows the extent of the Syrian Empire with thieves indicated along with the date of its and Nineveh's fall. What do you think of in your mind or what do you visualize when we speak of one of these Old Testament prophets? What do you see? We might think of guys in robes sitting on a hill, maybe watching some sheep, riding on a parchment or a scroll. The reality was much different. Imagine if you can this week, God raising up a Jewish prophet from Israel and sending him to Tehran to tell the Ayatollah to repent that Islam is offensive to God. or perhaps to Red Square in Putin's Moscow or to Anaman Square in Beijing to protest the policies of Zimping or to Pyongyang to cry out against the injustices of the Kim Jong-un regime. This is the sort of courage and faith that was required of men like Jonah and Nah, not sitting on a hill facing tyrants. with this background and this context. Let's read the introduction. The first verse introduces us to the prophet and the focus of his prophecy. And by the way, you young people, if you haven't already got one, there's exams in the back for you to take little quizzes. You won't be graded, but if you get a hundred, you can draw a smiley face on it when we're done. the burden or oracle or prophecy of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahim the Elushite. As we mentioned earlier, Nahim means comforter while his name is derived from to avenge or to punish. Now we know what the book is about and who wrote it. The next portion of the first chapter tells us about God's character, his power. In a way, it's his qualifications to be prosecutor and judge in the case against Nineveh in particular and all the evil powers of injustice in general and of course makes him more than in a position to judge us. You'll notice in the remainder of chapter 1, Nineveh is not mentioned by name, only by inference. Let's read. God is jealous. It means he's angry. And the Lord revenges. He avenges. He punishes. The Lord revenges and is furious. The Lord will take vengeance on his adversaries. and he reserves, he guards his preserves wrath for his enemies. I' I've shown a little bit of the background of that old Hebrew text again. And in Hebrew, in biblical Hebrew, when something is repeated, it's for emphasis. It's to draw your attention here. There's an identical Hebrew phrase, no came Yahweh, about the Lord's vengeance. This identical pair of words appears three times in this verse. He is definitely making a point. The Lord is slow to anger and great in power and will not at all acquit the wicked. Exactly as we read in Exodus 34 in our opening verses. And now some examples of his power are stated. The Lord hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm and the clouds by the dust of his feet. He rebukes the sea and makes it dry. He dries up all the rivers. Bashan languishes, droops, becomes weak and Carmel. The flower of Lebanon languishes. These are directions on the compass to the north and the east and the west. He sang all over the place. The mountains quake at him. The hills melt. The earth is burned at his presence. Yay, the world and all that dwell therein. Who can stand before his indignation? Who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? His fury is poured out like fire and the rocks are thrown down by him. Clearly no one can withstand him and he is clearly incensed at the inhumanity and injustice the evil perpetrated on men by other men. Next he inserts a word of encouragement to the faithful. The Lord is good a stronghold in the day of trouble and he knows them that trust in him. We sometimes sing a song. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Does he know your name? Does he know my name? Is your relationship with him secure as mine? Back to the case against Nineveh. With an overraning flood, he will make an utter end of the place thereof. The place in this case being Nineveh and into the realm of darkness shall pursue his enemies. You can't hide. Then he asks a question, what do you imagine against the Lord? He's asking this of the Ninevites. He will make an utter end. Affliction shall not rise up the second time. Nineveh, he'll destroy you completely with a single blow, and you'll not rise again. We'll see that that's true, that that came to pass. For for while they be folded together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble, fully dry, utterly consumed. There is one come out of thee that imagines evil against the Lord, a wicked counselor. This is speaking of the king of Assyria who rules from Nineveh. But there's some good news for Judah. Thus saith the Lord, though they the Assyrians be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee through the Assyrians, I will afflict thee by them no more. For now I will break his yoke from off thee, Judah, and will burst suddenly with great force burst thy bonds and sunder. I will destroy Assyria, never to rise again, to cause you to suffer. And the Lord hath given a commandment concerning thee, Nineveh, that no more of thy name be sown. Out of the house of thy gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image. I will make thy grave. I will destroy and bury you. For thou art vile. The chapter ends with further encouragement to Judah. Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publishes peace. And now we plea. Oh Judah, keep thy solemn feasts. perform thy vows for the wicked shall no more pass through thee. He is utterly cut off. Where have we seen this before? Nahm is repeating the words of another prophet Isaiah encouraging the people to never lose hope to keep trusting and serving the Lord. Isaiah 52:7, "How beautiful upon the mountains, are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publishes peace, that brings good tidings of good, that publishes salvation, that sth unto Zion, Thy God reignth. Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice with a voice together shall they sing, for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord shall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy. Sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem. For the Lord hath comforted his people. He hath redeemed Jerusalem. The Lord hath made bear his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations, and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God. So much like Nahm chapter one, the Lord's strength and power, his care for his people, their eventual redemption and restoration. Moving on, the destruction of the wicked city. Chapter two describes the progress of the invasion and the destruction that will come to Nineveh and Nahm's vision of the future and has come to Nineveh from our perspective of history of the past. Let's read. He that dasheth in pieces the army of the Babylonians and the Mes is come up before thy face Nineveh. Keep dimunition. Watch the way. Make thy loin strong. Fortify thy power mightily. Won't do you any good. For the Lord hath turned away. The Lord will restore the excellency of Jacob as the excellency of Israel. For the empters have emptied them out. The plunderers have taken everything and marred their vine branches. The shield of his of Nineveh's mighty men is made red. The valiant men are in scarlet. The chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation. And the fur trees shall be terribly shak fur trees speaking of the shafts of the spears. These chariots racing over with these spearmen. The chariots shall rage in the streets. There'll be so many they'll justle one against another in the broad ways. They'll seem like torches. They'll run like the lightnings. He, the king of Nineveh, shall recount his worthies. He summons. He assigns his officers. They stumble in their walk. They shall make haste to the wall thereof. And the defense against the battering ram and the siege towers shall be prepared. The gates of the rivers shall be opened. The palace shall be dissolved. It was made out of mud brick. You get it too wet. It's got a problem. And huzab, which means that which was established. In other words, Nineveh and their systems shall be led away captive. She shall be brought up, and her maids shall mourn her as with a voice of doves softly tabing, meaning beating on their breasts. But Nineveh, as of old, like a pool of water. Yet they shall flee away. Nineveh was like a calm, placid, safe pool of water. But now the inhabitants are fleeing. Stand, stand, stop, stop, shall they cry, but none shall look or turn back. Take ye the spoil of silver. Take the spoil of gold. There is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture, meaning pleasant furnishings, desirable objects. She is empty and void and waste, hollowed out, empty. The the Hebrew, this is again a a a thing where the word is repeated three times and the very sounds of the words, you can feel emptiness. It's uh it's bua va. The heart melts, the knees smite together, knees give way, people collapse. Much pain is in all loins. Bodies tremble. The faces of them all gather blackness, drained of color, become pale. Where is the dwelling of the lions? The feeding place of the young lions. where the lion even the old lion walked and the lion's welp and none made them afraid. Lions are a symbol of the power and of the powerful of Assyria. The lion did tear in pieces enough for his welps and strangled for his lionesses and filled his holes with prey and his dens with raven torn flesh. Behold, I am against thee, saith the Lord of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young lions, the warriors and princes of Nineveh. I will cut off thy prey from the earth. You no longer will have victims, and the voice of thy messengers shall be no more heard. You no longer sent emissaries to conquered lands, to lands which you desire to conquer. Recall the taunting of Rab Sheekcha telling Hezekiah to surrender Jerusalem to Sonakareb and 2 Kings 18. The voice of such emissaries will be heard no more. I'd like to reread chapter 2 using a recent translation of the entire Hebrew Bible, the Old Testament, done by a fellow named Robert Alter over a period of some 40 years. We read the King James version just now, but the old formal style of King James. Um, something just happened there. Excuse me. Don't look. There we are. The the old and formal style of the King James loses some of its impact, at least for me. This is a chapter. It's filled with drama, with battle. There's detail in here. Overwhelming victory, crushing defeat. Alter's translation in modern English also tries to preserve some of the structure of the original, which which was a poem. The battering ram has come up against you. Put up a watch. Look out to the road. Brace yourself. Flex all your strength. For the Lord has brought back the pride of Jacob like the pride of Israel. For marauders have blighted them and ruined their branches. His warriors shields are reddened. The soldiers are stained crimson. This is a very bloody battle. Like torch fires are the chariots on the day they are made ready. And the cypress shafts referring to their spears are poisoned. Through the streets, the chariots run wild. They rumble through the squares. Their look is like torches. Like lightning they race. He calls out his staunch men. They stumble as they go. They rush to the wall and mantlets are set up. That's protections against battering rams and siege towers. The gates of the river are opened. The palace swept away. And the mistress is brought out, exiled, and her slave girls moan like doves beating on their chests. Nineveh in time past was like a pool of water. But now they flee. Stop. Stop. But none turns around. Loot the silver. Loot the gold. There's no end to the horde. Treasure of every precious vessel. Stripped and distraught and desoiled. Fainting heart and buckling knees, shuddering in all loins, all faces lose their luster. Where now is the den of the lions, the cave of the king of beasts. There the lion walked, the maimed beast there, the lion's cub with none to make them tremble. The lion tearing prey for its cubs, breaking necks for his lioness. He filled his lair with prey and his den with torn apart flesh. "Here I am against you," said the Lord of armies. "I will burn up your chariots and smoke, and your m beasts the sword shall devour. I will cut off from the earth your prey, nor shall the sound of your envoys be heard again." The symbol projected by, associated with, and mentioned certainly by Nahm with Assyria and Nineveh is the lion. It's no wonder Nahhem uses the lion in a symbolic way in these prophecies. The gates are guarded by winged lions and bulls with human heads. Well, chapter 3 completes the book by describing the injustices that were the foundation of Nineveh's might and wealth. In modern terms, we'd refer to Assyria as a terrorist empire. Woe to the bloody city. It is full of lies and robbery. The prey departs not. There's no escape for its victims. The noise of a whip, the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the prancing horses, and of the jumping chariots. The horsemen lifteth up both a bright sword and the glittering spear. There's a multitude of slain, a great number of carcasses. There's no end to their corpses. They stumble upon their corpses. The next verse is symbolic of the worship of false gods, especially evil, given the ministry of Jonah more than a century earlier, because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the well-favored harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts. Behold, I am against thee, saith the Lord of hosts. I will discover thy skirts upon thy face. I will show the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame. I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazing stock. And it shall come to pass that all look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh's laid waste. Who will be moan? Who will grieve for her? Whence shall I seek comforters for thee? Art thou better than populace? No. Thieves modern day lux or ancient capital of Egypt that was situ among the rivers that had the waters round about it whose rampart was the sea and her wall was from the sea. Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength and it was infinite. Their support was without limits. Put and lubam were thy helpers. And a horrific description follows. Yet was she carried away? She went into captivity. Her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets. They cast lots for her honorable men. And all her great men were bound in chains. Thieves called no short for no ammon was the capital of upper Egypt. Archaeological excavations are ongoing and much has been uncovered in the last 20 years, the Necropolis, a valley of the kings is just across the Nile. Nahim is telling Nineveh that just as they conquered and desecrated that city, a similar fate awaits them. Remember, Egypt had been one of the mightiest empires in the ancient world. The next five verses detail what shall befall Nineveh. Thou also shall be drunken. Thou shalt be hid. Thou also shalt seek strength because of the enemy. All thy strongholds shall be like fig trees with the first ripe figs. If they be shaken, they shall fall even into the mouth of the eater. Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women. He's saying, your mighty army is weak. The gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies. The fire shall devour thy bars. Draw thee waters for the siege. Fortify thy strongholds. Go into clay and tread the mortar. Make strong the bit brick kiln. Go ahead and prepare. It will do you no good. It will provide you no safety. There shall the fowl devour thee. The the fire shall devour thee. The sword shall cut thee off. It shall eat thee up like the cankerworm. Make thyself many as a cankerworm. Make thyself many as the locusts that has multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven. The cankerworm spoileth and flies away. Thy crowned, your kings, your nobles, your princes, your leaders are as the locusts, and thy captains as the great grasshoppers which camp in the hedges in the cold day. But when the sun arises they flee away, and their place is not known where they are. Thy shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria. Thy nobles shall dwell in the dust. They'll be slaughtered. Thy people is scattered upon the mountains, and no man gathers them. There are no leaders. There is no healing of thy bruise. Thy wound is grievous. All that hear the brew, the rumor, the report, the article of thee shall clap their hands over thee. They'll rejoice at your calamity. For upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually. Now Bupalasar, king of Babylon, led an alliance that besieged Nineveh for three months before it fell in 612 BC. Then killed its king, ransacked the city. Sporadic resistance arose until the final suppression in 608 BC. During the 1989 and 1990 archaeological seasons, the University of California, Berkeley, led excavations in the Haly Gate, one of those gates in ancient Nineveh. They found graphic evidence of the final battle of Nineveh. Upwards of 16 bodies were excavated in that gate, all slain. Archaeological excavations have vividly confirmed the words of the biblical text. Just as Nahm wrote in chapter 1 verse9, "What do you imagine against the Lord? He will make an utter end. Affliction shall not rise up the second time." For centuries, even millennia, no one knew for certain where Nineveh had been. It wasn't until 1853 that a British adventurer Austin Henry Leard lied with a local Calaldian Christian Hormuz Rasa. Together they began to uncover the remains of Nineveh. Buried for some two and a half thousand years. The mightiest city of the mightiest empire. Here's an aerial view. In this image, you can see the location of ancient Nineveh. The green areas are pastures and agricultural and where archaeological digs occur. Now, much of the area lies under construction of apartments and paved streets and like, lost and forgotten for 25 centuries. Well, let's take a closer look. Neah lived in a dark time. A time in which the faithful much of must have wondered how long would they have to continue to resist cultural and spiritual compromise. Much like today, do you ever find your will to do what's right weakening or become discouraged with what you see? The prophet Nahm reminds us of God's active hand working even in the darkest of times to bring justice and hope throughout the world. Nineveh didn't fall because it was a large wealthy gentile commercial city. It fell because it was a godless and idolatrous city. A city of violence, lust, and greed. A city that had heard the message of God. that had experienced his grace and then rejected it and returned to its old ways, reveling in its own might and wealth and power. Let's revisit Jonah chapter 3 for a moment about a century before Nahm. For word of Jonah's dire predictions came unto the king of Nineveh and he arose from his thrones and he ordered Jonah to be cast into prison or tortured and killed. No. The king of this mighty city, a pagan gentile, perhaps the most powerful man on earth at the time, laid his robe from him, covered himself with sackcloth and sat in ashes. This is extreme humility in those days as a cultural symbol. He caused it to be proclaimed and published throughout Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, "Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste anything. Fast. Let them not feed nor drink water, but let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God. Yay, not God's Jonah's God. Let them turn everyone from his evil way. Everyone, and from the violence that is in their hands. Who can tell if God will turn and repent and turn away from his fierce anger that we perish not? And God heard their words. Lord, if you'll do this, I'll I promise I'll serve you. If you'll just heal me. Lord, if no, no, no, no. God saw their works. Their works. What we heard this morning. God saw their works. He observed their actions that they turned. They turned from their evil way. And God repented of God. Turned from the evil that he had said he would do unto them. And he did it not. But then what happened? Isaiah tells us in chapter one, he says, "Zion shall be redeemed with judgment and her converts with righteousness." Her converts reminds us of Jonah and Nineveh perhaps. However, but however, and the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the Lord shall be consumed. I wonder if he was thinking of Nineveh. They that forsake the Lord shall be consumed. One verse in particular stood out to me in the book of Nahm as a warning leading to advice that we can all take to heart. I can take to heart. Let's turn once more to Nahm chapter 1 verse 11. There is one come out of thee Nineveh that imagines evil against the Lord. A wicked counselor. The wicked counselor is the king. Within 40 years or so after Jonah's ministry to Nineveh, Assyria had returned to and embraced its former ways. That empire conquered Israel and continued its expansion, visiting horrific cruelty on the inhabitants of its conquered territories. The result was the utter destruction prophesied as we just read in Nahm. a wicked counselor. Let's turn to Psalm 1, the opening psalm of the book of praise and song and worship of ancient Israel. The psalm we read as part of our opening scriptures that speaks of the person who is blessed of the Lord. Blessed is the man, the person I want to be that person. Do you want to be that person? How do you become the one that is blessed of the Lord that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly? A wicked counselor that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. Rejects being influenced by words and philosophies that try to draw him or her away from the Lord. There's danger there. Don't walk in. Walk away. nor standeth in the way of sinners. Otherwise you may listen, find yourself standing submissive, inactive in the midst of sin, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful. The next thing you know, you're sitting in the company of the scoffers and your words, your counsel joins with theirs, influenced and influencing. These are three steps that progressively draw you away from God's blessings. A a path that entices you from him. A siren song of destruction. Instead of the three do nots, now we're told of the do. But his delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law does he meditate day and night. We sometimes get hooked up by that word law. It says really says delight in the Torah and Torah means instruction. Delight yourself in the instruction of the Lord, not a set of rules. It takes discipline, brother Daniel, like like training to be a boxer. You don't just put on the gear, put on the shorts, put on the gloves, jump in the ring, and say that you're ready. No, it takes discipline. It takes training, time, effort. You land a few punches and you take a few punches. You build yourself up. Discipline. I don't want to do it. I'm still hurting from that bruise yesterday. Get in the ring anyway. Training, training, discipline. It's hard at first because God requires submission to his will, not independence from it. Not listening to your body. Oh, I'm too tired. I don't want to read the Bible this morning. I just need some more sleep. But telling your body to conform to his word. And you only have to do it twice a day. When the sun's shining and when it's not continually, the battle of the mind. And the word translated meditate actually means muttering, lips moving. Not what we might think of as silent meditation, sitting quietly and waking up a bit later, but reading, pondering with lips moving, softly uttering, all our senses engaged, focused, discipline, training. And he shall he, the one whose delight is in the Lord's instruction, who's always meditating on it, shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither. Whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. In his season, we're talking about discipline here, right? It doesn't come all at once. You don't plant a seed and then the next day go out and harvest fruit. No. No, it doesn't come all at once. It's not a lightning bolt of inspiration and obedience, but over the course of time with discipline, growing and eventually bearing fruit, nurturing that fruit until it ripens, ultimately ready for harvest for it to be picked. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. Think of the threshing floor. There's a Hebrew word for wind. It's called rua. Well, why do you point that out? Because it's also the word for spirit. The Holy Spirit, the Holy Rua. So, the chaff is blown away by the wind. Think of Acts two. The spirit came with the sound of a rushing wind. We have a choice to be planted and in time bear fruit or be blown away as chaff, discarded by the wind, discarded by the spirit, scattered, of no further use. How does it start? With whose counsel you listen to, those who you allow to influence you. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous, for the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. The musicians would please come. Be careful of the voices you listen to, the influences you allow in your life. Avoid the council of the ungodly. Spend time meditating on searching and reading and absorbing the words of the Bible. With that thought and that context, let's close this portion of the service, pass it back to brother Daniel as we worship in song with Psalm 19. Before we sing, I want to make a little note. And as we sing it, it it talks about uh uh the Lord making wise the simple. What do you think of when you hear that word simple? Lord making wise the simple. Does it mean like a simpleton or a very uncomplicated person or something? No, it doesn't mean simple-minded. It means openminded. Those willing and able to receive instruction. James, if you lack wisdom, ask for it. But you're not going to get it if you're unwilling to receive it. The word Torah, translated as law, means instruction. Here's something Brother Brandham said about this very topic in this sermon, ashamed. When you get to a spot, you're so smart, you know everything, God can't do nothing with you, chaff. But if you get to a place that you're willing to listen and learn, then it's God's time can move in, talk to you. So with that, if we could stand to our feet, please, and sing from the 19th Psalm together, a song some 3,000 years old, used in worship to our Lord. It was truth then, it's truth now. The law of the Lord is perfect, [Music] converting the soul. [Music] The testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey, and the honey cold. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart. [Music] The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey. and the honeycomb. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous allto together. [Music] More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey, and the honeycomb. Moreover, by them is thy servant warned, is thy servant warn. Moreover, by them is thy servant warn. And in keeping of them there is great reward. There is great reward. And in keeping of heaven there is great reward. Amen. You know, how many times have I read the book of Naam? And it's been at least um I've read my Bible all the way through, I don't know, eight or nine times. So, it's been at least eight or nine times. And to have all of these different pieces of the puzzle come in to come in like brother Lyall brought them in together with Jonah and with with the Psalms and with with Isaiah. It made sense. It made sense. And I thank God that we can open this Bible. And our Bible study, usually we're on Wednesday night, but our Bible study, it opens up the book to where we know what's going on. You know, it doesn't always have to be a big spiritual application, although I did appreciate many of the things Brother Lyle said today and applying this to our lives. But it's also very important that we understand the book, that we understand what's going on. And then we can appreciate it more. We can appreciate these prophets that prophesied. These prophets like brother Lao put up there that on the screen, these death spots that we have today with like like from Russia and and and North Korea and and China and Iran. These prophets, they went right up in their face. God was with them and they prophesied and God honored their prophecy. Does it feel good? Feels good to understand this book. Brother null, I'm gonna I'm gonna have you come up just one more time before you you you go home and and close. Brother Jocidiety of a song. [Music] down from his glory. Ever living story. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Bored in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, agony. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all. The great creatator became my savior and all God's holiness [Music] dwelling in him. As I was listening to my brother and expounding on Nahm, they ministered on on Habacook, what he describes about Nahm, Habacook was living in that same time frame. And what Habacook was fearful of was when Assyria invaded Judah that he was afraid they were going to level the place. And but God had other things in mind. And God raised up the Babylon Babylonians to fight Assyria to fight. Yeah. To fight Nineveh. But the thing that like if I can go back to what I said on with with with Habacook, Habacook was afraid that when the invasion came, he was going to lose his life. God told him, "If you will put absolute trust in me, I will take care of you. That has been my theme. That has been my desire. That has been my revelation ever since I studied at least I studied Habacook. And what and I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Nobody does. We have a new president. I wish him luck. But we don't know what tomorrow will bring. Amen. Um all I know is he holds my tomorrows. And if I can take and put my absolute faith and trust in him, then I then I'm assured that he will take care of me. Amen. And that it's in that that I rest. I don't rest in the government. They could change that all tomorrow. I mean, who knows what's going to happen. I mean, the future is an unknown, a huge unknown, but God is a known. Yes. I mean, I think it was Habacook in the last part of it. He says, "You'll make my feet like Hines's feet." Basically, he says, "You're going to make me I have a sure footing so that as I proceed through my life, you will make sure that my footing is secure and steadfast. You will make it so I will not vary to the right or the left. You'll make sure that I I will always remain in your care. I will always remain where you are watching over me and guiding me and protect me. And you will make my feet my you will make my path sure." And that's like I say when I look at this and and then when you begin when you begin to realize like I say the hour in which we're living who do we trust? I mean that's the question I had to ask of myself. And whom do I trust? It isn't a matter of trying to believe for healing or believe for this or believe for that. No, it's having absolute faith and trust in the one who has called us. It it's like I I I mentioned I don't know if I mentioned it here, but do you realize when you receive the Holy Ghost, do you understand what is now dwelling inside of you? Amen. That's a good thing. You have you it's it's it's the the Holy Spirit is the essence of everything God is. God is not three people. We talk about three different dispensations. That God changes his his mask, if you will, from one dispensation to another to another, but it's still the same God. And that all eternal, allsufficient, all powerful, all self-existing one, the essence of everything God is is what dwells in you once you receive him into your heart. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, I am reminded of the way that you have promised us. You have to we you say of you we you dwell in me and I will dwell in you and then ask what you will and God will provide. But there has to be a dwelling within you and you also a dwelling within us. Until Lord re we reliterally become one and the same where you so dwell in us and you take possession of our vessels until Lord it's no longer I who live but now it's Christ living his life out through me. And then Lord we realize that you are the allsufficient all powerful self-existing one. And you that the one the essence of everything you are dwells inside of us. And Lord, it's in that that we that it's in you that we trust. It's in you that we trust for the tomorrows. It's in you that we trust for the for our future. Because Lord, you're the only thing that is stable. And you're the only thing, Lord, that has the power to see us through that which is coming. So be with us, Lord. Be as as a group. And we we're singing the song, Lord. Let your let let your life be manifested in the church. The church is is your body. And Lord, we are part of that body. So Lord, let your life come and so dwell in us until Lord, you can live your life out through us. And Lord, we can declare your presence and your love and your joy and your mercy unto the surrounding community in which we live. Because Lord, the only God they will see is as you as we allow you to express your life through us. So be with us, Lord. come and so dwell in us, Lord, until we just move out of side. And Lord, now it's no longer I who live, but now it's you who live inside of us. Grant this, Lord, for I'm asking it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. He takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day. Glorious day that will be. Amen. It's going to be a glorious day. I think uh these two Johnson boys make a good team. What do you think? I asked brother asked brother null. I said give us say a few words before you leave. Brother and sister, we're going to miss you. It was good having you sojouring with us and it was it was good that you shared some of your wisdom and the scriptures with us. We appreciate you. We love you and we look forward to you coming back. God bless you, brother and sister Noah Johnson. Love you. God bless you. [Applause]
