################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-01-03 - Images Of Influence: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-01-03
Title:   Images Of Influence: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kwf1ytYjYfA
========================================

[Music] I see. Let's bow our heads. [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] Pray our songs of worship. Lord, came up before you as an offering unto the Lord for our thanksgiving, our praise. Lord, you did save a wretch like me. Lord, we thank you. Thank you for your goodness to us. Pray, Lord, that you're in our service today. Your anointing be here. Lord, pray that you would touch each person that would be present today. Father, if there would be a an expectation upon the heart of anyone here or a desire, Father, or a need, Lord, that you would meet that need today in this service if you have not already. And Father, may we give glory to our Lord and our Savior Jesus Christ. His name we pray. Amen. God bless you all. You can take your seats. Greetings to everyone. Greetings to the visitors. I have a list of a few visitors here, but I I think that there's there's a few more. Um, brother Steve Babcock and family. God bless you. Welcome. Raise your hand if you could. So, we know you. God bless you. Welcome, brother David and brother Christian in the front. Oh, yeah. you brothers, they're regulars. Welcome, my friends. Um, and uh, Brother Rome Johnson, Jr., brother, God bless you. Welcome. I bet I bet you can't guess who he's related to. Brother Michael Walters, my my friend. God bless you. Welcome. I um I wanted to mention uh a few people have asked about brother Jonathan, cousin Jonathan. He's uh brother Jonathan's been busy. He's he's finishing up his certification and uh he's been trying to get a job and he's been working hard. Um and uh he's he's doing he's doing just fine. He's just kind of a little bit over his head with work and busyness. So, he's a he's a good friend. Not only is he my cousin, he's also a good friend of mine. No, we're we're not really cousins. We are brothers, though. I wanted to uh I wanted to mention Brother Silas and I've been talking, Brother Silas Lindsay here have been talking over the past few days. And brother Silas's dad passed away a couple weeks ago now. And Silas mentioned he said you know brother he says I feel like when somebody passes on that we should always say something about that person about his life. Brother David Lindseay lived in Jeffersonville and um Brother Silas recently went back to CA take care of his estate. But none of us probably know Brother David Lindseay here. But I would like to say just a few words for him in honor of his life and also in honor of my good friend here, brother Silas. He was born, brothers, if you could put up the picture. He was born on June 26, 1949. Brother um Silas wrote this. He's an he was an outgoing man. He loved the Lord. Married mom in 1977 and they moved to Jeffersonville to go to the Brandom Tabernacle. Dad liked electronics and computers. He was a longtime computer programmer. He loved to fellowship with believers. He was preceded in death by mom who passed away in March 2021. He looked forward to seeing her again most of all. He was born in Hot Springs, Arkansas. He and my grandmother, Ethel Lindsay, attended a couple of Brother Bram's meetings. I couldn't have asked for a better father, and he was more than that. He was also my friend and my brother. Brother David was uh he's also special to me. I um preached my my first sermon and it was just a couple years ago in Jeffersonville and afterward I uh I came back and I was I was leaving while we were in the back and greeting the people as they left and uh brother David said that he wanted to talk to me after service and uh that's um James and Betty Phillips there. Wow. I don't know if uh probably many of you know brother James, sister Betty, but there's um brother and sister Lindsay there on the left. Um but uh brother Silas or brother David said he wanted to talk to me about about this sermon that I preached and we went back in the back and and he had just the kindest words for me and he said that it really affected his life. And I was talking about the images that we create in our minds and and he said he said you know he says I never thought that me that my religion could be based on something that I've just been raised with that I've just been I've just thought my whole life I never never really questioned it and I've been brought up and I have this image of how things should be and he said I never thought that that could be my religion. And brother Silas and and him, he said that that they would talk about that often. And brother Silas didn't know when he was mentioning that when he he told me, he says, "If you could say something about my dad, he said, you know, we talked about that message that you preached called images many many times." And uh what brother Silas didn't know is I was praying about ministering on a very similar topic this morning and I took that as vindication that I should um that I should go ahead with that. He um, brother Silas would I mean, Brother David would always come and whenever I was ministering Jeffersonville, he'd come and he he'd listen to me and he always liked to talk after service and and he had that excitement about the West and he told me, he says, "I've always wanted to go out there and brother Silas came here to to establish himself and get everything ready with the ultimate goal of his dad coming and joining joining him here. He's never been He never came out west, did he? His whole life. He was here a couple times. Oh, he did? Okay. He I know he wanted to come and the Lord took him. Obviously, he didn't get to come, but I think he went to a much better place than Tucson, Arizona. But I He's a He's an important person. He was he was a friend of mine. He always gave me such encouragement. And uh I liked he'd always sit there in the back of the church and and when I would preach, he just couldn't wait for me to get back there because he wanted to grab my hand and he wanted to talk and he wanted to talk about the Lord and he wanted to talk about um what the message was. But he was he was a good friend and and as brother Silas said, he was a good dad. And uh, Brother Silas, I really appreciated what you what you said, saying that not only was was he my dad, but he was my friend. I think about that when I think about Daniel, my son, and I always want to have that relationship with him that we have now. But, Brother David Lindsay um, has gone, as I said, has gone to be with the Lord. and a sweet, as far as my interaction with him, a sweet, happy person that loved the Lord, that loved to talk about his word, and was just really an encouragement always to be around. So, everybody, greet brother Silas this afternoon as when we leave the service. Um, I wish you all could have met him, but one day we will. It might be a thousand years from now. It might be a million years from now. Or it might be tomorrow. You'll see this man not very tall. He'll be maybe 25. He's taller than that. Maybe 25 years old. And you'll shake his hand and maybe he'll say, "Hi, brother or sister. My name is David Lindsay." He'll say, "Oh, I remember seeing your picture up on the screen and I remember we I was friends with your son. He fellow we fellowship together at the Tucson Tabernacle." There's coming a day, friends, that that we're going to meet a lot of people. And we think about eternity and we think, well, eternity is so long that well, what are we going to do for all that time? Well, we have all these people to meet and by the time we meet the last one, we'll probably have forgotten the first ones that we've met. So then we're going to have to go and we're going to have to meet him again and talk about the Lord. And you know, God is so great. God is so good that even in eternity, if we could understand it, which we can't, but even in eternity is not going to be enough time to worship him and to praise him. Thank God that we have a promise, brother Silas, that we will meet our loved ones again. If we are truly firmly anchored in the Lord Jesus Christ, then we will meet those meet those loved ones that have gone on. The title of my sermon today is Images of Influence. And it's something that it's it's really dear to my heart. And I I think that we judge everything that we do upon the things the way that we've grown up and the way that we've worshiped and the way that we've been taught. And I think that we have to be careful about judging everything that way. I look back, it's the last day of the year, and I look back to 2023 and what's been accomplished in this church. We started, we got a new website. We had a family camp. We've more than doubled in size in our congregation. We made an upper room for for the youth and then we made a lower room for the youth. We have regular communion services. We have regular church gatherings. We have potlucks and we have volleyball and those things. We have a youth choir. We have our first voted in pastor since the founding pastor, Brother Perry Green. We will soon have an officially voted in officers of the church for the s first time and we're going to soon renovate the church. I really want to get started over in the fellowship hall. It's one of those things where sometimes you think well we should do this but then when the Lord starts really putting that pressure and and it's something for me now it's starting to say, "Okay, we got to get this done. We got to get this done now. So, I'm really pushing to get to get our our fellowship hall over there renovated. We're going to renovate the front there and then maybe if the Lord's willing, we'll renovate the whole sanctuary. And we're just going to keep moving in that direction. These things, you might not think they're important, but they are important. They are a ministry. You may not think, and I will be talking about this today, you may not think things like construction or things like paint or things like a parking lot. You may not think that that's part of the ministry, but it is very, very important. And one thing that has been such a blessing to all of us, we've baptized at least 56 people this year. What a what a blessing. Yeah. Amen. And probably we'll baptize more today. And in praying about these things and in in going over Lord, what do you want me to say in this year end? My question for the Lord is, Lord, we had a good year by the standards that are in my mind and probably by the standards that are in the congregation's mind. But my question is, did this year please you God? The world has one way of looking at things. And we all have ideas in our minds about how a church should be, but we shouldn't judge our ex successes by the metrics that the world may use. We should judge our successes and progress by God's word. I was going through some notes a little while ago, this past week, and I came across something that I wrote in April of 2022. This is before I ever even considered that I might be pastor of this church or pastor anywhere else for that matter. And I had no desire and no even thoughts of moving that way. But let me read to you what I wrote in my notes. I said this. My deepest desire and why I am at this church. It is not anywhere close to where I think it should be. But I see in the Tucson Tabernacle as possibly a place where I can one day bring people to introduce them to Christ. And what's so sad to me is that back then my heart was so troubled because I didn't know of a church in the so-called message that I could bring someone to and would put Christ first. That was my opinion. That was my perspective. But this time in April of 2022, I was really down and really struggling like Lord, I just want a place that I could bring people to, that I can witness to, and they will come here and they will be introduced to Jesus Christ and not a denomination, not a cult, not a strange way of thinking, but to Christ and to this book right here. It's something that I always wanted. And back to my note, I said this. One of the aspects of introducing someone to Christ is to show them that God promised a forerunner for both his first coming and his second. That forerunner came with a tremendous message of love, holiness, healing, and a Christian lifestyle. But we've taken that message and divided ourselves into different camps. exactly what the prophet came to fight against. We shouldn't leave the forerunner out, but we also shouldn't make a denomination with a book of rules and creeds around his message. I also believe the Tucson Tabernacle is a place that can bridge the gap between the churches and their doctrinal differences. I want to be where God is moving. Again, I wrote this more than two years ago. I want to be where God is moving. In the 1950s and60s, the Evans family followed Brother Brandham around the country because that was where God was moving. I feel the same today. I want to be where God is. If it's not at the Tucson Tabernacle, I still want to be where he is. And I feel the same today. And I ended it with this quote. Brother Brandham said on images of Christ, "The church can never progress until it knows what grounds it's progressing on." Very simple statement, but a very profound statement. And I think the same today. I don't want to necessarily I don't care about success. I don't care about some great church that's been built or or any of that. Friends, I just want to be I want to please God. When I get down on my knees, I want to come before him and say, "Lord, I've I've failed, but I've done what I could, and I put you first. I didn't put anything else first. I didn't put my family first. I didn't put my church first. Lord, I put you first and that's the deepest desire of my heart and it still is. And I believe that's why the Lord has blessed us. But we can never lose that. It's always got to be Christ first and then we can go to bed at night and not worry. Amen. We can move through this life and know that Lord, I know you're guiding my path. No matter what problems come, no matter how much we get hurt or or whatever catastrophes happen, Lord, I know you're in it because I am in you. And in thinking on those things and in trying to put things in perspective, brother Silas, as I preached when your dad was there, and I think you were probably there in Jeffersonville on that images, that thought of this prophet Daniel came to my mind. And what Daniel stood for, Daniel was a young man. This evil king Nebuchadnezzar came into Jerusalem, sacked the city, took the best, most promising people, took them, brought them out of Jerusalem, took them into captivity, brought them to Babylon, took all the gold and all the riches out of the city. And then Nebuchadnezzar used these people to further build his kingdom. This Daniel was one of those young men, very promising young men, Jewish young men that came out of Jerusalem. So Nebuchadnezzar, he has a series of troubling dreams. One thing that's very important, brothers and sisters. We went through the entire book of Acts last year. What a blessing it was. What a way to build a foundation for this church and we learned so much. Now, we started in Genesis and we're going to go through the Bible one sermon about per book to where we can learn these books. We need it's so I can't tell you how important it is when the minister up here and he is re referring to the Bible and he's talking about these different books. You need to be able to go back and say, "Okay, I know what he's talking about. You may not think that it's that important, but that Bible, just understanding the meaning behind each book, even if you don't know all the details, it will help guide you through this life. So, don't miss these lessons that Brother Lyle and I are teaching on these Wednesday nights. They're vitally important. They'll help understand and help digest the word of God even later on if you have a good foundation. So this book of Daniel, it starts with this Nebuchadnezzar. As I said, he brought these people out of Babylon. Then he has these series of troubling dreams and he calls his wise men, his calaldanss, this ancient race of scholarly, learned, mysterious people. I mentioned them last week at Christmas. This these this group of people were what eventually became the wise men that saw the star from the east and they came to find Jesus. This these are the ancestors that I'm talking about right now of these wise men. So Nebuchadnezzar comes to these wise men and he says, "Listen," he says, "I've had these troubling dreams. I need you to interpret these dreams for me. The wise men said, "Okay, we can do it. Just tell us the dream." Nebuchadnezzar says, "Here's the deal. I'm not going to tell you the dream. You're going to have to tell me the dream, and that way I know that you are anointed and that you have the right interpretation." They said, "Only the gods can do that." They said, "There's no one that can tell you a dream without them seeing that dream." Nebuchadnezzar basically said, "Well, then you're going to die. This is going to be the end of the wise men, the end of the Calaldanss." So, it starts going around. Rumor starts going around with this man. Daniel was among these wise men. So, the the the message gets back to Daniel. Daniel says, "Hey, wait." And he talks he talks to the the ruler that came to him and said, "Hey, you're all going to die, so just get ready." Dan Daniel calls a timeout. He said, "Just a minute. Give me some time and let me pray about this." So he goes back to his friends, these friends, Shadrach, Meak, and Abedneo. We know that from the the stories of Daniel that we teach the kids. Daniel 2 verse 16 and he says this. Then Daniel went in and desired of the king that he would give him time and that he would show the king the interpretation. Then Daniel went to his house and made the thing known to Haniah, Mishael, and Aariah his companions. That is the Hebrew name for Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. made the thing known to them that they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon. Stop right there. Look at what Daniel the prophet did. It's something that all of us do and that we should take more seriously. When there was a crisis in Daniel's life, Daniel went to his friends and you know what he said? He said, "Pray for me." right there in the book. So friends, when somebody comes to us, we read the prayer requests earlier, but when somebody comes to us and say, "Pray for me, pray for them." It's in the Bible. If you love them, get on your knees and go before the Lord for them. So they go, they pray for him. And then Daniel goes before the king. Skip to verse 27. And he says this, "The king answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Beltazar, Belticheser, that's the Babylonian name for the Hebrew name Daniel, "Art thou able to make known unto me the dream which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?" Daniel answered in the presence of the king and said, "The secret which the king hath demanded cannot the wise men, the astrologers, the magicians, the the soothsayers show unto the king." Daniel's saying, "No, nobody can make that known." See the wisdom and the humility of the prophet here. He's saying, "I can't do it. I'm a man and neither can all your wise men. They are men also. But there is a God in heaven that revealth the secrets and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Notice how the prophet gives gives um credit to God. Thy dream and the visions of thy head upon thy bed are these. So then Daniel goes on and tells the king his dream and then interprets the dream to the king. Now it's important important to know here before we get too far. It's important to know how the Bible is written. We see chapters in our Bible. The original Bible wasn't the original scrolls weren't written in chapters. They were just one big long scroll. We have put in chapters in there to make it to where we can find different verses and we can find different things that the that the different prophets said. But the originals don't have chapters and verses. It's very important in this instance. Verse number 46. Then King Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face and worshiped Daniel and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odors unto him. And the king answered unto Daniel, and said, "Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and the Lord, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of the of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret." And the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many gifts, great gs, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors, and over all of the wise men of Babylon. back to Christmas message. That's where I got that and that's just well known that Daniel became the chief of these magi. Then Daniel requested of the king and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego over the affairs of the province of of the province of Babylon. But Daniel sat in the gate of the king. Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold whose height was three score cubits and breadth thereof six cubits. He set it up in the plain of Dura in the province of Babylon. This is a 90 foot tall statue. It's huge. Could be seen from miles. Let's skip to verse four. Then a herald cried out aloud to you. It is commanded, O people, nations, and languages, that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, the sacket, sultry, doulamer, and all kinds of music, you fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up. And who so fallth not down and worship shall the same hour be cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. So, what just happened here? Do you see how I read right through the chapter? Nebuchadnezzar tells the people that if you don't bow down to this image when you are told to, then you will be cast into this fiery furnace. Now, let me read a quote to you here. I want to make sure we're all on the same page, right? It's pretty obvious what happened there. It's pretty obvious that this king was enamored with this prophet and he built this statue right after this happened. But let's just to clench it down. Let's just read this quote from brother Brandham. It says this possessing the gate of the enemy after the trial. It says, "Let's take the Hebrew children because they stood true and wouldn't tolerate with image worship. They refused to bow down to an image that the king of the nation had made. It was made after a holy man too. The image of Daniel showed that the gentile race was brought in under the false side of worshiping an image of a holy man. It goes out the same way when the people will be forced to worship images of people. It come in by revelation of Daniel being able to interpret the word that was wrote on the handwriting of the wall on the wall. That's the way it come in and that's the way it goes out the same way the image of the gentile. So we see that this man Daniel showed this evidence of a prophet, this evidence of God that was in Daniel. And he goes and and interprets this dream and the king became so enamored with Daniel. Daniel left his presence and it started to grow in this king. So the king instead of just staying with the prophet and staying with what he said, he took it farther than what God wanted it to go and he made an image in his mind of what this man of God should be and not what he was. He made this 90 foot tall golden statue because that is what was in the mind of the king that this man is so great. He's a god. So, I'm going to create this image and then once this image is created, I'm going to have everybody else bow down to this image and worship this man of God. But it wasn't a man of God. It was a statue and it was made up in Nebuchadnezzar's mind. And my point in saying that is that is so common for us. God will do something. He'll he'll start a revival on a broad scale or he'll do something in our lives. God will bless it like he did in Nebuchadnezzar. And then we will take the blessing of God and then we will make it into an idol or we'll make it into a denomination or we'll make it into a cult and then we will force others to worship in the same way that we are worshiping. Put the pressure on them. And that's what happens every time. It's happened in denominations from Martin Luther to Wesley to to Cath Catholicism. And they take Peter and Mary and all of them and they create this strange religion where they lift up someone and then if someone doesn't worship that idol, they have the same spirit of Nebuchadnezzar that they will be cast out. Except it's worse today than Nebuchadnezzar casting them into the fiery furnace. Today we cast them out of heaven and it's not their lives that we're thinking about. We cast them out of the church. We cast them out of our organization. We cast them out of the bride because they don't believe it like we believe it. And it's the same spirit that Nebuchadnezzar had. If you don't believe it like me, you're out. And so sincere. Fast forward about 600 years. We see these men called the Pharisees and Sadducees. They all believed in Moses and they believed in the Torah. We have the Sadducees over here. We know from the book of Acts that they were the temple temple guard, the temple um priests and they worked there and they were the high society. They had the support of the government and they just listened to one prophet named Moses. The other prophets weren't good enough for them. And then we have over here the Pharisees believed in the same prophet Moses. They believed in all the other prophets. They believed in miracles. And they they were out preaching to all of the the different churches around in the synagogues. hating the Pharisees, hating the Sadducees. Sadducees hated the Pharisees and all believing the same message. I'm not done. Then we have another group over here. They're called the Herodians. They believe that this man Herod that was ruler, they wanted to be part of the government. They thought he was going to come up like Donald Trump and he was going to be the savior and he was going to fulfill the office of the Messiah and he was going to deliver Israel. And then there was another group over here. They were called the Essenes and they were just the the ones that just w kind of a cult. They went out into the desert and they just formed this little group around themselves, separating from everybody else. And that's where we get the Dead Sea Scrolls because they took all of these these writings and they went up and hid them in a cave. And thank God that they did. We don't know who they were. They their bones are ashes today, but God's word survived. So, there was all of these different groups. Think about it. There's all of these different groups believing the same prophet Moses and hating each other, having an image in their mind of what God is and how we should worship, taking quotes and lining them together and saying different things, same spirit. So now here we are and then this man comes, humble man, may not have been all that well spoken. Who knows? We know that when they looked at him, he wasn't someone that had a lot of um he wasn't an real attractive man, someone that wouldn't garner your attention. The Bible says that that he wasn't like that. didn't come in the way that they thought. And not only did he not come in the way they thought, he didn't come to them. He came to prostitutes, drunks, the lowest form of life. They didn't It's like, who is this guy? And he's causing all this stir. They didn't they didn't like him. He didn't come in the image that they had of this Messiah when he was supposed to come. They did. He didn't come like that. He came in a different way. And how history repeats itself. Let's go to Matthew chapter 5. Says this. This is something that Jesus would say this this man that they cut out. Verse 43 says this. Jesus says, "You have heard that it has been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemies." He's quoting the prophets. He's quoting Moses. Now, Jesus is about to tear down one of their images that they built up. Matthew 5:44 says this, "But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them with that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you." Whoa. How many of us do that? Those are the words of Jesus Christ. Those are his commandments. As I said last week, how many of us can call ourselves Christians when we have a grudge against someone else? We go before the Lord and say, "Lord, forgive me of my trespasses." And we leave out the second part of the Lord's prayer that says, "As I forgive those that trespass against us." But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you. and persecute you. Wait a minute, Rabbi. This is not what Moses said. He said, "An eye for an eye." And what does it lead to when we put our own ideas over God? is we propagate a narrative that has been taught in our churches and our denominations and we lose sight of God himself and we start focusing on just our revelations or just our doctrines or whatever it is and there's Christ standing right before him preaching something that you know what it just didn't feel right. You know, sometimes, many times, when things don't feel right, it's because that's not the way you were raised. Sometimes it's God speaking to you. But other times, it's just because it's not what you're used to. And right here is a perfect example that I just read. Matthew chapter 21. This is the ultimate example of how people can completely leave the word of God and go into a denomination or into a cult. Matthew 21:20 23. We'll start with verse 23. And when he was come to the temple, speaking of Jesus, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching and said, "By what authority doest thou these things? And who gave thee this authority?" And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will ask you one thing, and if you tell me, I and likewise will tell you by what authority I do these things. The baptism of John, speaking of John the Baptist, the baptism of John, whence was it? From heaven or from men. They swallowed their sermon right there probably. And they reasoned with themselves, saying, "If we shall say from heaven, he will say unto us unto us, then why did you then not believe him? But if we shall say of men, we fear the people. For all hold John as a prophet. They were so caught up in their image of their religion that all they could think about was giving an answer that agreed with their religion. And there was the truth standing right in front of them. And all they could think about was their own religion. Their religion separated them from God. and Jesus. And they answered Jesus and they said, "We cannot tell." And he said unto them, "Neither tell I you what authority I do these things." They didn't care about the truth. What they did is they cared about propagating the narrative. They had an image of religion and their religion actually, as I said, kept them from Christ. Have you talked with a Jehovah Witness? They're nice people, precious people, until you start talking about the word. Then the spirit starts to shift. And the first thing that they do is say, "Your Bible's not accurate." Because what they're doing is they're trying to just prove themselves right. And you can show them right here in the word and they don't care because it's about their narrative. It's about what they believe. It's about what they were raised with. It's about the image that they have of religion. It's sad. The Mormons are the same way. The Mormons will talk they'll talk fine and then the first thing that they do is they say, "Well, as long as it's translated right." Of course it's translated right. You think God's not a good enough God to take care of his word? They want to throw in a little bit of error. They want to throw a little bit of doubt in your mind and slip in something that's not real. We had some some good kids here the other day. They sat in the front, two elders. They weren't I don't know why they call them elders because they were kids. I don't know. Um anyways, they were there. They said elder. Somebody said, "Was it you, brother? Was it brother Arie?" Somebody said, "I thought his first name was Elder." Like, "No, man. I'm not trying to make fun of the kids, but one thing I want to say is they were there and I quoted Acts 2:38. I said, "How many people believe?" Acts 2:38, "Repent every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Read it right there out of the Bible. I said, "How many people believe that? Raise your hand." They didn't raise their hand because it didn't line up with their doctrine. They were afraid. As I said, probably good kids and probably they're a lot better than I was when I was their age. So, I'm proud of them and trying trying to do something right, but they're misled and all of their efforts will come to not because they're about an image that's created rather than about God himself. And when you do that, then God just pulls his hands from it and it dies right there. When you get this image in your mind and everything has to line up and you're judging everything by your image rather than going into the word and looking into the word, God lets it die. It's like the Dead Sea or the Salt Sea. All of this good water from the Jordan River is coming into it, bringing all of this life and all of these nutrients, but then it goes into this big body of water and it dies right there because nothing comes out. You can come to church. You can read your Bible. You can do pray and do all these things and everything's coming in. But there better be something coming out of you or you die. It becomes stagnant. All of those good minerals that give life that are coming into the Dead Sea, they get so concentrated that they become poison and nothing can live. And that's how our churches are today. We get all this good stuff. We listen to tapes, love them. We read our Bibles, love them. It's just coming in, coming in, coming in. But it dies because nothing comes out. There has to be a constant flow of the gospel coming in and then a flow of it going out. That's why this church, I've said many times, I want to see sinners on these pews. because that's what a church is for. I said something in the Christmas message. I thought, you know, that's going to be my theme for 2024. I said, "Come as you are. Come as you are." I don't care if you're a prostitute. I don't care if you're a drug addict. I don't care if you how you dress. I don't care how you look. I don't care how you believe. Come as you are. But don't stay as you are. When you come in and the Holy Spirit comes in now, you got to start giving out. You got to start serving. You got to start witnessing. I was thinking about all the people that have come in. Sister Amelia, I was thinking about you. I was thinking about all the people that have come in over this past year. And I look out and I can't think of one of them that I brought. But there's all these new people. I didn't do it. The people in the pews did it. It's coming. The the gospel is coming in and it's going out. That's a progression. That's life. You don't come in and let it become stagnant. And that's why the churches are so stagnant. They have built an image of this message and this is how it should be and they die right there. Just as Nebuchadnezzar done, he had made a mistake. That's what he thought. That's the best way that he could do to honor this man. And he took these young men. They said, "We're not doing it. We are not going to bow down to the image of that man." That man was the most important man in the world at the time. He was the prophet of God. And not only was he that, he was their best friend. They loved him. They saw the gift in his life. They saw that he saved all of the wise men. And yet they said, "We're not doing it." That wasn't a disrespect to Daniel by them doing that. And in no way was disrespectful to the prophet. But what had happened is they put the prophet in the place of God. Nebuchadnezzar put his image of what he thought the prophet should be in the place of God. And that's what so many of us do. We take a man of God, whether it be a pastor, priest, prophet, whatever it is, and we get in our mind of how this person should act because that's the way God acts in our mind. So we make up this fake person. It could be a pastor. It could be brother Brandham. It could be whoever it is. And you know what? That's not him. That's what you've conjured up in your mind. I was talking with somebody the other day. I wasn't going to bring this up, but I think it's a good time. I was talking to somebody the other day against Brother Bram's message, friend of mine, against Brother Bram's message, and he said this. He said, "Yeah, but he said he called a woman." He said he called him Miss Dog Meat. He says, "That's not how the how could how could that be God?" And I thought, "Well, I don't know." And then, so I went and I looked it up and he said, "Brother Brandham said that many times. Called them dogs." I know, Brother Brandham. I know that that that's not who he was talking about. He was talking about Jezebel and how Jezebel, how she acted and what she did was an influence on the world today. But Jesus would never say that image. Jesus would never say something like that, would he? Not my Jesus. Not the one that I have built an altar to. Not the one that I have built a statue of. Sarapheneician woman came to Jesus. Here he is at the table as respectful as she could be. She comes down. She says, "Thou son of David." She wasn't even coming for herself. Her daughter had a mental illness. She comes there. She bows down before Jesus. Jesus looks down at her. She says, 'Lord, will you have mercy on my daughter? He looks down at her and he says, "It's not right for the dogs to eat at the table with my children." And we have a we have this image of how Jesus should be. Jesus himself called this woman a dog. How does that match our image? Don't start doing it. That wasn't the point. We have no right. We have no right. Jesus had a purpose in doing it. He looked down, called her a dog. She said, "Lord, look at how she humbled herself." She said, "Lord, but even the dogs can eat the scraps from the master's table." What humility in that dear sister he looked down and he gave her that very moment her daughter was delivered of this mental illness of this devil that it caused right there. But how many of us it wouldn't match like this man wouldn't match our image of Jesus Christ because we form it in our mind and we have to be very careful of doing that. I think of this these images that are always presented to us. Not only are they religious images, but they are worldly images that are constantly bombarding us. Also, these influencers that we see and for the kids, listen to me, that if you portray yourself as coming from the world, then that's the kind of person that you are going to attract. men. These young these these boys looking like girls in their in their skinny jeans and saggy pants and and going to the clubs partying and drinking and doing all this h and hanging out with this wrong crowd. I'm not you know me. I'm not I am preaching against it. I am hanging out with the wrong kind of people. What kind of a girl are you going to attract? She's not going to be a mom to your children. She wants the kind of guy that's going to be going to the club. She wants the kind of guy that's going to live that life. That's not the kind of girl that's going to be a good mother to your children. It's not going to want to go to church with you. First thing she'll say is, "Oh, they judge me there." We should never judge. And this church doesn't. Thank God. But when you say that, what you're really saying is, "I'm not going to change. I'm not going to live more holy. This is me, and I like me." As I've said before, I hate me. And if you don't see a constant change in the pastor of this church, then I am not progressing. I want to get closer and closer to the Lord. And it's the same thing with the sisters, with the girls. If you are dressing up and looking like these influencers and they all want us all to look the same with all the eye makeup and all the paint and all of that and you're trying to look like them and hanging around the wrong crowd, who do you think you're going to attract? Do you think it's going to be a Christian young man that's going to be a good dad to your children? that's gonna work hard and take care of a family. Do you think that's the kind of man you're gonna attract? No. No. He's going to he's going to get what he wants and then he's going to go to the next one that looks exactly like you do because they all look the same. God wants individuals. He doesn't want us to all look alike. We are different. every one of us. He loves variety. God is a God of variety. We see the influences everywhere in the world. They're on social media. They're on YouTube. They're at school. They're at work. They're also in church here. I'm not just talking about what we would call worldly. I'm talking about building an image of how you think someone should look. God wants a variety because he has different jobs for each of us to do. It's like a puzzle. Every puzzle piece, I don't care if there's a million of those little things. They're all different. Every one of them. But not one of them is any more important than the other one. You put them all out on the table, you start putting them down. Each one of them has its place. It's one of the most beautiful things, a puzzle. You get there and you man, you know, it won't fit. Well, that's not the spot where it goes. When you find that spot, it just snaps right in. You can't put a piece of a puzzle piece somewhere where it doesn't go. And that's God's order. That's God's bride. That's God's people. He has a place for everyone. And we are all different. But Nebuchadnezzar wanted everybody to conform, to look the same. The world and the influencers, they want everybody to look the same. They want the guys to look like this. They want the girls to look like that. And they do look the same. But that's not God. Let's turn in closing. Let's turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 12. God designed us to be different. And it's the hardest thing in the world to see someone vastly different than you and yet recognize the Holy Spirit operating them just as strongly as it operates in you. Seems like that's the hardest thing for a church to do because that person doesn't see it the way you see it or that I see it. But don't think that God can't use that person. I'll um before we get into closing scripture, mistake that we so often make is that we focus on the creeds of the church or the successes of the church or the revelations that God gives us along the road and we lose focus on Christ and like I said and that's where we die like the Dead Sea. nothing goes out anymore and it's all taking in and we lock ourselves off. We we close ourselves up and then we make it an exclusive gospel. The gospel is not exclusive. The gospel is for anyone who will hear it. Let's go to first Corinthians. First before we get there, I want to say just we believe that every Christian has a has a work to do. I'm going to read a scripture that proves that. But I want to tell you what I believe personally. I believe that every Christian is called to preach the gospel in some way. Man, woman or child. Everyone who receives this gospel is called to preach the gospel. Not necessarily up here handling the word, but in the ministry of some sort. In 2024, this coming year, I want to accelerate this work that's going on. I want all of you, and me too, step to the plate. Don't just take in, give out. Give, give, give. I'm not talking I'm not talking about what prosperity gospel guys talk about. I'm talking about when the Lord blesses you, take that blessing and pass it out because you want to be able to receive some more. Give your time. We have a lot of work that needs to be done in church. Give your life. There's people that you all know, all of us know that need a touch. They need a visit. They need a phone call. They need a little love. Take your precious time and give it. Reach out to them. Show them Jesus Christ lives in me. I love you. What can I do for you? That's the c Christian way is to serve. And we will find that every person in this room has a role to play, has a piece to be placed in that masterpiece of God. 1 Corinthians chapter 12 says this. Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant. You know that you were Gentiles carried away under these dumb idols, even as you were led. Wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God callth Jesus a cursed and that no man can say Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. Now there are diversities of gifts but the same spirit. Now there are differences of administrations but the same Lord. In other words, there are different kinds of services of the Lord. And there are diversities of operations but the same God which workketh all in all. In other words, there are different varieties of activities but the same God who empowers them all. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. For one is given by the spirit of the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit, to another faith by the same spirit, to another the gifts of healing by the same spirit, to another working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another discerning of the spirits, to another diverse kinds of tongues, to another interpretation of tongues. But all these workketh that one and the selfsame spirit, dividing every man severally as he will. So God is taking he's got a work to do and he's not putting it on me. As I said, look out. And I don't see one person here that has come because I have invited them. So they're coming from other people. They're coming because you have a ministry. you have something to do for the body is one and hath many members and also and all the members of one body being one are one body so also is Christ he's showing that he's showing us that Christ himself is made up of a variety of different people with different callings with different looks with different personalities for by one spirit we are all baptized into one body where body whether be Jews or Gentiles whether be bond or free and have been made to to drink into one spirit. For the body is not one member. We build a statue and say it all has to look like that. But many and every member acts different. If the foot shall say because I am not of the hand, I'm not the hand. I'm not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? You think because you're not a minister or you're not a deacon in the church or you're not a trustee or you don't have a prominent role as as the man would call it and one of those you think that you're not just as important as anybody else. Bible says that the the pastor he's the lowest of everyone. And if the ear shall say because I am not of the eye, I'm not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole body were a hearing, where would be the smelling? But now God hath said, Don't you love the way Paul just puts it in terms that we can understand? He's like, if you're an ear and everybody's an ear, you got no nose, you got no eyes. But now God has set the members, every one of them in the body as it has pleased him. It pleases God to have a variety of people sitting in these pews that look different, that act different, and that have different ministries and different callings on their lives. And if they were all one member as we want to make them, as Nebuchadnezzar wanted to make them, as the Pharisees and the Sadducees wanted to make them, where were the body? He's repeating himself again. If they all conform to the same image, then where would the body be? It all be a mouth. That's exactly what we need is more mouths. Really, but now are they many members yet but one body. And the eye cannot say to the hand, I have no need of thee. Nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. Another translation of that one says, "And on the contrary, those parts of the body that seem to be weaker are indispensable. And those members of the body which we think to be less honorable upon upon these, we bestow more abundant honor, and our uncumbly parts have more abund abundant comeliness. For our comely parts have no need. But God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honor to that part which we lacked." Another translation says, "While we pre while while our presentable parts need no special treatment, but God has put the body together, giving greater greater honor to the parts that lacked it." Paul is talking here about parts of the body that are hidden. These are the parts that are behind the scenes. those that are cleaning the church, cleaning the rooms for the kids, pressure washing the outside of the church, visiting the sick in the hospitals, calling those who haven't been at church and might be going through a hard time. Those are the private ones, the ones that we don't see standing up in the pulpit. That there should be no schism in the body, no separation, but that the members should have the same care one for another. Be no division in the body. And whether one member suffers, I love this part. This brings us all together. One, whether one member suffers, all the members suffer with it. Or one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it. That's the church that I want to have. Now, ye are the body of Christ and members in particular. Each one of you, another translation says, "Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is a part of it. And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondary prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles and gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversity of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? We're all different. The church is made up of a variety. As I said, God loves that. Look at all the different animals he made. He could have just made all cows. I mean, they had steak every day, but it would have got old. Have all the gifts of healing. Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? But covet earnestly the best gifts and yet I show unto you a more excellent way. And then it goes into one of the most famous chapters in the entire Bible which tells us that more excellent way that Paul is talking about is having these gifts administered in love. When you have love, you have compassion and it will mean more to you. The musicians could come and we'll close. I want to point out that an image and a vision are two different things. As I said, my vision for this church is to have sinners in the pews all the time. I want that life coming in all the time. Come as you are, but don't stay as you are. There's a constant progression of people coming in, making changes to their lives, and then helping others make changes to their lives. 1 Corinthians, we just read chapter 12, is the church body operating in according to the word. Listen, that 1 Corinthians 12 is not an image that Paul created. It's a promise and it's a vision for the church. I want that church. I want it. Paul laid it out right here. Brother Andy, why can't we have it? Why can't we have preaching the gospel and miracles and the sisters going and helping and and helping each other out and the brothers going and helping the other brothers out, witnessing, bringing people in, starting with the families as we've done. Continue that on. Bring them in because they can use it. They need the help. And who can provide the help? It's the person sitting next in the pew taking care of them. Each person operating under that gift and each piece of that puzzle, the master's hand, taking them, placing them perfectly, fitly joined together as the body of Christ. How beautiful would that be? Not an image we have of how we need to serve God. Not an image we have of our religion, but an open heart constantly with our minds and our eyes on Jesus Christ. When we lose that focus, then we lose the revelation. Then we lose the life. Every epistle in this New Testament, I was reading in 1 Corinthians, but each one, you can go to Ephesians or Colossians or any of them, they had each each one had the vision, which was look at Christ. Put your eyes on him and your life will be good. Jesus, one of the last things that he said, he said, "Go into the world and make disciples. lead them to me and then you know what'll happen then they will lead others saw this thing as we close on rabbits and elephants an elephant when they have a baby it's like two years takes them to have one elephant big big animal you know big beautiful animal rabbits It's like a month and they have a whole bunch of them. Little baby rabbits running everywhere. And then they can have rabbits again right after that. And these rabbits, they'll they'll spread around. And that's how the gospel is. We all want an elephant standing on the pullpit. We all want something great that we can point to. But the better thing is just you witness to somebody, then they witness to somebody, and pretty soon all of the world believes this Jesus Christ, and the work's finished, and it's over. Don't try to be an elephant. We want to witness. We want to lift up Christ. We want more people to know him. Are you with me, friends? In this next year, we had a great year. This past year, there's there's wonderful things. Was talking to brother Ed before service. It's just been a blessing. I believe God's been with us. I really do. And I thank him all the time. Lord, thank you for the families that we have. It was just I think many of us were taken back by the Christmas program and and just these kids and how good of a job that they did. It's like, "Wow, we have a church. We got we got we got it going on now, but Lord, let's make sure it's you. [Music] Lord, make sure that if we're going to renovate, it's you. Make sure that if we're going to have service or we're not going to have service, Lord, make sure it's you. What do you want? not my image of what a church should be. I want his plan for us. Are you with me? Will you pray? We talk about all these different offices in the church, brother Kevin, and and how that each one one has a gift of healing. You know, I see in our brother over here that the Lord has given him a gift to pray for the sick. I've seen gifts in other people, but I believe the greatest gift is being able to get down on your knees and talk to God. He may give me a gift of being able to look in the scriptures and understanding these things, but if I could have a gift, it would be to talk to him. I would love, brother Joe, to go on your behalf and say, "My friend is hurting or his family's hurting. Lord, hear me." And to have him here in that secret closet and pray. And when we pray, Jesus said, "If you go into the closet and you do this in secret, God will reward you openly. He's not going to exalt you. He's going to answer your prayer. And that person's going to be healed." that person's going to be delivered. That's the greatest gift. I want to see people praying, talking to God, knowing him, and he'll set everything else in order. But to me, those are the greatest people in the church are the ones that really pray, Sister Shirley. It's the greatest of all of them. I want to see more people in this congregation rise up. I want to see more people come in that have that gift. And I want to see us continue on. We're going to have a good year next year if the Lord carries. And if we stay humble if we stay in his presence and we understand, Lord, this is nothing that we have done. If we did it, it would be glorifying ourselves, but it's him. One of the things it's been a blessing is all these people being baptized. Brother Silas or anyone else and anyone else that would like to be baptized this morning. It's a good time. Brother Silas, if you could go see Brother Ed there in the back. Are you still, Brother? You still in? Can't do anything better, man. Any other brothers or sisters that want to be baptized? I want to say a couple words about baptism as I usually do. I think the most important thing about baptism, remember John the Baptist baptized. The Bible even says they baptized in the wilderness way back when Moses was there. So why is this baptism so important now that Paul would go to Ephesus and he would ask them, they said, "We We want to receive the holy. He said, 'Have you received the Holy Spirit? They said, we don't even know that there is a Holy Spirit. What are you talking about? First thing Paul asked, how are you baptized? These people were already baptized and they said, well, we were baptized under John's baptism. Which means they repented. They felt bad for what they had done wrong. and they went into the waters of baptism to show everyone I am going to change my life. But that wasn't enough. So often today we see people get baptized that means that a member of the church that's false. When you are baptized there must be a name associated with it. If it's titles then you're doing the same thing that they were doing. you're just feeling bad and you're getting baptized. But when you are baptized according to the Bible, according to the book of Acts, according to Jesus Christ as taught by Peter, you are taking that name of Christ. You're not taking the name of the Tucson Tabernacle. You're not taking the name of the Catholic Church. You're not taking the name of the Baptist Church. You are taking the name of Jesus Christ and saying I am part of him. That's why it's so important. And that's why if you have been baptized in a different way, it's not right. It has to be associated with Christ. And that's who I want to be associated with when I'm baptized. Baptized in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. No, no, no. I want to be associated with Jesus Christ. I want to be associated with the name, the name of Jesus. And that's what we do here. You are not being baptized in any way as a membership of this church. You are being baptized according to our Lord, our Savior Jesus Christ. God bless you all. Let's have a great year next year. It's the last year of this one. I'm glad it's over because there's greater things. There's greater things to come. God bless you all. As I said, it's a good time. If you have desire to be baptized, it's a good time to do it. God bless you all. He became me so that I might become him by grace. [Music] He became me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place so that I through his love could take his. He became me so that I might become him by grace. If you appreciate that of him, sing it to him. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place so that I through his grace could take it. He became me so that I might become him by grace. I've shared this with you. When I went through the surgery and I had the toe amputated and the case manager talked to me and my wife later after recovery, she said, "There's about 6,000 things going on in your body all the time that you're not even aware of until one of them doesn't work. than it shows. So in the body of Christ, you have a place. You have a part to do your part. And when your heart's not getting done, then the body is missing that part. As little as it might seem, but it's needful. Amen. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever love the Lord. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to laugh till there's just no more love. I could never never have. If you mean it, raise your hand and raise it to him. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. I could never out love alone. [Music] This is brother Dan ready up there. Oh, make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. [Music] Give me a heart that's f filled with love and make me more like thee. Yes, make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. Give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like brother Silus Lindsay friend of brother Silus if you stand over here. Friend of many of us talked about his dad brother David this morning. Brother Silas was baptized at nine years old. Am I right? And it was something that he didn't really understand what he was doing. We were talking there just now. And I asked him, I said, "Brother Silas, do you understand what you are doing right now in taking on that name of Jesus Christ through baptism?" Now, as Silas Lindsay walks around this world, that is a representative of Jesus Christ walking around the world. It's a very serious thing, this baptism. Brother Silas, would you say a few words? Well, I just want to be baptized according to Acts 2:38 for the remission of my sins. And I've been led to do this. It's been on my heart for a while. And I didn't really understand the gravity of what I was doing when I was 9 years old. But now I do. I know it's a life lived for Jesus Christ. And that's the only thing that I desire in this life is to serve the Lord. [Applause] God bless you all. Friends, reminder, no service. Tonight, we're going to start a new year. I think we ended this old year very, very well. What do you think? Amen. [Applause] So, so let's keep it going. Let's keep that momentum going. We need more momentum. God bless you all. Brother Aaron, if you would take the service, please, and close. It's a life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's a life behind the name that makes a proud heart tumble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a man, he would live so he could give. Give us a life behind. Let's stand as we sing it. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes a proud heart. It was God who devised the plan that in all things as a man he would live so he could give give us the life behind the name. Brother Mike Walter, brother Daniel has asked that you would close in prayer. if you would do that. It's the life of Christ in you that allows you to be a Christian, that gives you the strength to do it, that gives you the leadership to do it. Thank you, brother Mike. God bless you. Let's pray. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just want to tell you this morning, it's good to be in your house, Lord. And how it encourages our hearts to see people baptized and come to you, Lord. And we remember the time when Lord, we came to you and Lord, you were quick to forgive us, Lord. And we just thank you, Lord. Thank you for all you've done for us, Lord. And as we go, we pray that you'd just go with us. Go with us in this new year. And Lord, lead us and guide us in everything we do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. As you go, say God bless you to one another. Greet one another as you go. And I would ask you as your brother, I don't know, sometimes you you may stay up till midnight. Some of us don't do that no more. But before you go to bed tonight, you're laughing cuz you're young. [Music] Before you go to bed at night, pray for one another. Amen. Ask God for guidance into the next year. Say, "Lord, I want to start this new year talking to you." Whatever time that is tonight. God bless you. Go. Ooh. It's life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart. It was God who devised a plan that in all things has a man he would live so he could give. Give us a life behind the name. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It was life behind the name that makes a proud heart humble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a man. He would give so he could give. Give us a life behind the name. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me. to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful [Music] because he first love me and he'll never forsake me. He'll never forsake me. Oh, he he'll never forake me. Because he first loved me. And oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first loved me to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful because he first love me and oh how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Yes. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first love me. All right.
