################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-11 - The Love of God Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-11
Title:    The Love of God: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1rkmQ2VTr0
========================================

Description:
Sunday, March 11th, 2025.10AM Tucson Tabernacle. Pastor Daniel Evans ministers on the love of God and the recent election of a pope out of the United States. The second half of the service is Mother's Day awards and a more Scriptures on the love of God.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] a tent I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never. Let's sing that again. He paid a debt. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I one day he's coming back. Oh, one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glorious to see him on that day? Oh, I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could net. One more time. He paid a debt. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Praise God. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. We're going to go ahead and have everyone in Sunday school be dismissed right now for Sunday school. We're going to sing Isn't He Wonderful Key of G. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day. Let's give all the moms a round of applause. I know Brother Daniel, Brother Daniel's going to have a lot to say about that. Let's just sing and worship the Lord with all our hearts this morning. Isn't he wonderful? Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus, my Lord? Wonderful. Isn't he wonderful? Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful isn't Jesus, my Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. One more time. Isn't he wonderful? Oh, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. is in Jesus my wonderful eyes have seen, ears have heard. What's recorded in God's word is in Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. He abides and he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort. Verse one. Brother Jordan, I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narr way for the hand of God. In all my life I see. Well, and the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is this. That the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. And once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon that tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter. He abides. Let's sing that again. He abides. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. My rejoice in night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. He's with me everywhere. Let's sing it. Oh, he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with. Let's all stand together and sing it. He abides. He [Music] abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides, I'm rejoicing night and day. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. Praise God. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is this that the comforter abides with me. Praise his name. Glory to God. They say that the three most uh attended church days in the year are Christmas in third place, Easter in second place, and Mother's Day in first place above Christmas and Easter. And Christmas people are out of town a lot. So that's why it's not necessarily the most full. Easter's usually pretty full. But Mother's Day is higher than all of them because people have respect for their mothers. But how much more the God that gave you a mother and gave you a loving mother? Where would you be without him? Anyway, I just want I just shared that with brother Daniel. He said I could share that with you this morning. Go ahead and shake someone's hand. Tell them God bless you. Tell them happy Mother's Day. No longer slaves. [Music] Welcome to all our visitors. Brother Daniel is going to greet you all this morning, but let's all give a round of applause. Anyone here visiting, thank you for being here. Let's just worship him this morning. Make this song that we're about to sing a prayer personal to him. You unravel me with a meloy and you surround me with a song of deliverance. from my [Music] eneies till all my fears are gone. Let's sing that verse again. You unravel me. You unravel me with a meloy. Yes, Jesus. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my [Music] eneies till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Verse two. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Oh, your love has called my name. I've been born again. And I've been born again. into your family. Oh, your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh yes, I am a child. Verse two, from my mother's womb and from my mother's womb you have chosen me. Oh, your love has called my name. I've been born. I've been born again to your [Music] family. Oh, your blood flows through my veins. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. You split the sea. Oh yes, you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. Hallelujah. You rescued me so I can stand and say that I am a child. You split the sea. Oh yes. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me. You rescued me so I can stand and say that I am a child of God. I'm no longer and I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. Oh, I am a child of God. If the brothers want to come forward and open in prayer, I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Sing that once again as a confession. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. God bless you all. We're all children of God. We're all part of the same family. And we're united together this morning to to honor our Lord, to worship him. And today's a very special day because it's Mother's Day. And none of us would be here without a mother. So, we're very very grateful for for the mothers that we've had in our lives. Prayer requests this morning. Brother Ed Dooall is going to have a little cancer thing removed from uh from his head uh on Tuesday. So, keep him in prayer for that. And his sister Lorie Snow in Canada is still in critical condition. And she's in one of those situations where she's very susceptible to getting blood clots, but they can't give her any blood thinner because of other issues that she has right now. So, it's one of those things where it really requires the Lord's intervention. They're waiting for a slot to open up in the Phoenix area for her to be able to move from Washington State down to Phoenix for continued therapy and so forth. We want to continue to keep our sister in prayer. And also our brother Cleo Salazar who's here this morning but had that leg amputation a couple of weeks ago. But we just want to keep praying that the Lord would deliver him from pain and that everything would shape properly so when the prosthetic is fitted that it would just uh go smoothly and well. We just because a prayer request just brought up every service doesn't mean that we shouldn't continue to pray for each one of those people and each one of those needs. We're family. We feel each other's pain. We support each other. That's why we're here. That's why we're a body of Christ. Let's go to the Lord this morning in prayer. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful, Lord. Grateful that we can honor you on this day of your resurrection, Lord. Grateful that we can gather together, Lord, in respect and honor of our mothers that have brought us into this life, Lord, and raised us and trained us, Lord. Father, we're just so grateful for our families, Lord, and for each one, Lord. And each journey that we've had, it's been different for each one of us, Lord. But but we're just grateful that you've brought us to this place and brought us together this morning. We pray you'd anoint our pastor, brother Daniel, Lord, as he brings your word to us this morning, Lord. That you'd encourage our hearts, Lord. Those of us that need encouragement, Lord, that you'd strengthen those that need strength, Lord, and that you'd just continue to draw us together into the love of Jesus Christ. We pray for again for these needs. We we thank you, Lord, because we believe that you have intervened in each and every case, Lord, and that you will intervene in the future cases, Lord. And we're just grateful that we can call upon your name in this hour and to know you as our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ as the offering is taken this morning, Lord, that the funds would be used, Lord, to further your purposes, to further your gospel, Lord, to reach out and bring others into his saving knowledge of Jesus Christ. That's why we're here. We thank you, Lord, for everything in Jesus precious name. Amen. Oh, and we have a praise. Sister Amelia says uh that her son is out of the hospital. He's doing a lot better. Thank you for your prayers. That was her her son Fabian that the announcement was put out a couple of days ago. So, God bless you. Praise him. You can all have your seats. It is well with my soul. When peace like a river attendeth my way. When peace like a river attended my way. [Music] When sorrows like sea billows roll, whatever my lot, whatever my lot, thou hast taught me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff [Music] it. Though Satan should buff it, though trial should come. Let this bless assurance [Music] control that Christ hath regarded my helpless state and had shed his own blood for my [Music] soul and it is [Music] well. Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well. with my [Music] soul, my sin. Oh, the bliss. Hallelujah. Of this glorious thought. I sin not not in part but the whole is there to the cross and I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul, it is well. Oh, it is well. Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my. It is well we sing. It is well. Oh with my soul. Oh it is well. It is well. with my soul. Verse four, and oh Lord, haste the day when my faith shall be. It's coming. The clouds being rolled back as a scroll. And the trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend. [Music] Even so it is well with my soul. Sing the chorus. Oh it is [Music] well. Oh with my soul. [Music] Oh, it is well. It is well with my last verse, brother Jordan. But Lord is for thee. For thy coming we wait. The sky, not not the grave, is our go. Oh, the trump of the angel. Oh, the voice of the Lord. Blessed hope, oh blessed rest of my soul. We sing it is well. Oh with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. I'm going to have my brother Ben come up and help me with this last song. I speak Jesus. [Music] Sing this with us. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within his presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark addiction till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak [Music] Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. Hallelujah. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is I. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. And Jesus in the streets, Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. One more time shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness for every enemy. Seeking Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Sing it with this point. Your name is power cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is I. Break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shadow burn. Stand and sing it with us. Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] burn like a fire. Let's bow our heads. Oh God, where would we be today without that name of Jesus Christ? Oh dear Lord, thank you that we can shout that name, Father, wherever we are and call upon the name of Christ and we know, Lord, that you will be there. We thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that we can call you by name. We thank you for this day. Thank you for this Mother's Day. Father, may it be a blessing to all that are here present this morning. And and Lord, may our prayers and our worship come up before you as it did in the old time in the temple as a sweet smelling savor unto the Lord. Father, receive our worship. I pray. Be with us. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. Wonderful job for the worship team. Beautiful. Praise the Lord. And before I forget it, we have an announcement. Um the uh for the mothers with daughters ages 11 to 14, uh the girls will be baking and setting tables and chairs uh for our Memorial Day potluck that we're going to do on May 24th. Um well on the 25th um there will be a meeting immediately after service in the upper room for all kids all girls ages 11 to 14 and the moms. So um in the upper room after that and I also I apologize that as soon as I gave the okay um brother Ed Dooall asked me kept saying we need to work on the baptismal we need to work on the baptism one and I gave the okay and immediately we start getting people to want to be baptized so I apologize it's not going to be um open today but we will baptize next weekend okay it's isn't a blessing ing that people still want to be baptized. They want to take on that name of the Lord Jesus. I am grateful in what's happened to this church just over the past year and how many people have been baptized and given their hearts to the Lord. It's just like Lord, it hasn't stopped. It just keeps going and going and going. Praise God. It just it it feels it feels good. Amen. Um Josiah greeted the the visitors. God bless you all. Um brother Art Patrick from Yuma. Welcome in the family. God bless you from Yuma. I uh I go to Yuma quarterly. I have a good friend there. He is a former Marine named James Perky. I I visit with. Um I uh I love Yuma. It's it's a it's a neat place. And then uh beside you, sister NMA and daughter Nikki from from Zimbabwe right here. God bless you. And now living in Canada. Welcome. It's good. It's good to have you. James and Ma, welcome. God bless you. Sons of the the Johnson family. Sister Heather, brother Lyall's sons. Um Michael Love, my friend. God bless you. Welcome. I played college ball with your uncle, right? Yeah. It's it's good to see you in service. And then and then I see a few other visitors. Welcome to everyone. God bless you. It's good to have you. It's good to have you in service. I um I want to spend if the Lord's willing, I'd like to spend the first half of service going over some of the recent things going on with the Pope and uh with kind of the religious community throughout the world. And then after about 30 minutes or so, 20 minutes, 20 to 30 minutes, then we'll go into our normal Mother's Day service. But I thought seeing that boy there's been a lot of quotes going around and and a lot of talk and a lot of excitement about this new pope and I thought it would be right for me to address some of the things for our church for the visitors and for maybe some of the newer people the um these these quotes and I'll explain it a little bit further but these quotes have been going around from quotes from brother William Brham from the early 1950s, one quote in particular that has resurfaced and it's pretty amazing what was said. So, I'll I'll be talking about that a little bit later. And um I uh I just always want to use caution. I don't want to just jump at something. I preached on Saul, King Saul, this past w Wednesday night. One of Saul's biggest weaknesses was he made hasty decisions. We have to be careful with that. I have a letter in my office from uh from a lady. She gave it to me about this time last year and she told me, she said, "You need to take this letter and you need to read it before the congregation. You got to warn everybody of what's going to happen." She and she told me, she says, "This is a man who who's a prophet and and he wrote this and we have to warn the people of Tucson that there's going to be a terrorist attack in Tucson by the end of July." And she said, "You need to read this in front of the church." And I said, I said, "No." I said, "I'm not going to read it in front of the church." I said, "But I will hold you responsible and this man that signed this letter responsible if this does not come to pass." And that was last July. And she says, she says, "Okay." And obviously it didn't. So, we need to be very very careful in getting worked up and and and believing things that may not be true or may be true. I I know that many of you have heard the predictions made by a a minister in Texas named John Hegy about the blood moons in 2014 and 2015 and how that they corresponded with the Jewish feast days and that spread throughout the faith that these were the beginning of the end times and many people got caught up in it and nothing happened. And I've heard with my own ears a pastor who many of you probably knew say that Hillary Clinton would become would become president. And if this didn't happen that you could put a a sign false prophet on the back of on his back. And yet he wasn't taken to task over these when it didn't happen. And I guess she's not dead yet. I guess it still could happen. You laugh. I pray it doesn't. And there's always, friends, there's always a red heer in Israel. I've been hearing this since I was a little kid. Every time a new pope's elected and we we have some numbers that line up with his name or some idea about who he is and it when it doesn't just work out the way that we said, we forget about about what was told to us and then we just move on to the next fantastic thing. Many of the old folks remember all the craziness that surrounded 1977. Brother Lyle back there, brother Aaron have told me many stories about how everything was going to end by 1977. And and all the elders, many not just them, but many of you can testify and nothing happened. And yet these people that prophesied those things and said those things were not taken to task over these. They weren't called out. The Bible tells us that no one knows when Jesus will return, including even Jesus himself. It'll be a time when we don't think it'll probably be a normal time when no one is expecting it. So, he tells us to always be ready. However, Jesus said, "Beware of false prophets that come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. and you shall know them by their fruits. So what is the fruit of a false prophet? It's a false prediction. It's a false prophecy. So that's how we will know a false prophet. And my point in saying this is to always use caution in interpretating in interpreting prophecy or interpreting world events. The Bible warns us of false prophets that would arise and deceive many. And when a pastor or when a minister says something that says takes a modern event and say that it fulfills prophecy, I believe that that person must be held to his predictions. And don't just move on to the next prediction when it doesn't happen. I'm not saying this to tell you to stop talking about these things. Not not at all. But use caution in your minds and in your words and in making predictions or interpreting scripture. It's easy to set ourselves out of God's plan by the things that we believe to be true. And then if it doesn't happen, then we just go on to the next thing. But the Bible does also say that there will be signs in the skies and there will be signs in the earth and there'll be that false prophets are to rise and to watch for these things as the end draws near. It says that and one of the signs of the end is not just earthquakes. It's not just wars and rumors of wars, but it is false prophets that would deceive many. And it's not just the pope. It's not just the local Catholic priest. They are everywhere according to the words of Jesus. Now, what has happened? With that said, I also don't want to underestimate the the turn of events that just happened in this past week. I never want to underestimate the importance. The United States right now is in a transitional period with the current president. I think that we are either going to come out of this a much better country or we're going to come out much worse. And all of this that's going on, it sounds good. We're going to dominate in oil production and in natural natural gas and drill, baby drill, and our economy will dominate and our buying power power will be greater than ever before. Our industry will climb back up because of the tariffs that we're imposing on these other countries and the money that that uh the government is saving by dismantling much of the government that is going to be used and put into national defense. So, we'll have more stealth aircraft, fighter jets, and we'll have long range nucle more long range nuclear missiles and more technology. And we are going to have a much more powerful military if we take the money that's being put into other things and put it into this. And it sounds really good. And it's the hope of this administration to do that and to be very successful. And for the first time in modern history, the most powerful religious man on earth, the pope, is now from now from the same place as the most powerful military and economic man in the president of the United States. Both are from the same country. And if you look at this, this pope seems to be like a people's pope. He's just full of charisma, full of personality, and he's I believe he's going to be well-liked by both Catholics and by non-atholics alike. And he's American. And just being an American brings a certain amount of respect. If any of you have been overseas, just being an American automatically gets you attention and gets you respect. But look, and then this man that became pope, he take he took on a very very strong name in Leo. Pope Leo I may have been the most militant and ruthless point pope to that point by 447. I mean it was right at the beginning this Pope Leo I 447 he declared that heretics deserve the most severe punishment. The pope justified the death penalty declaring that if the followers of heresy were allowed to live then that would end human and divine law. Unfortunately, heresy is usually usually defined by the church and those people were to be severely punished. Then another Leo, Leo I 10th, wrote a bull against Martin Luther. And if you hear me preach very often, I refer to Martin Luther often. He's one of the I believe one of the greatest people that's ever lived. I don't of course I don't agree with him in a lot of his dark doctrines, but he was a great great man. And this Pope Leo I 10th wrote this with advice and consent of of our venerable brothers with mature deliberation on each and every one of the above thesis and by the authority of the almighty God the blessed apostles Peter and Paul and our own authority we condemn repurbate and reject completely each of these thesis according or thesis or errors as either heretical scandalous false, offensive to pious years, or seductive of simple minds and against the Catholic Church. He's speaking of Martin Luther's 95 thesis. By listing them, we decree and declare that all faithful of both sexes must regard them as condemned, reprobate, and rejected. We restain all the virtue. We restrain all the virtue of the holy obedience and under the penalty of an automatic major excommunication. speaking of this Pope Leo I 10th, speaking of this man Martin Luther. And this is the name that was taken by this current pope. And now with nuclear power and missiles that we can destroy anything on the face of the earth now in just a few minutes. The military power of this United States and the economic power and now with social media and with television, the Pope, something that comes from the Pope can travel the religious world really at the speed of light and go around the world. There has never been more far-reaching religious power than there is today. Now a country has risen to the ultimate power never seen in history. This United States, is it significant? Yes, I believe it is. What does it mean and what it's going to end up at? I have my ideas and my thoughts, but I don't want to be a foolish person to come up here and say because this lines up with this and this and this that this is what it is and then risk me being a false prophet and trying to interpret this to a group of people that love me and respect me. I would never want to do that. But this is a significant time in history. It's something that's never happened before. We we look back at at history and we see that that God made Adam and Eve. Then 2,000 years later, he set this lineage in order with Abraham. And and he he used this to write his word and and to be his people. Then that went on for 2,000 years. Then he brought his son, Jesus Christ. And and right after that had happened, the the Jews rejected the message of Christ. And then it went around the world to the Gentiles. There was a gentile dispensation there. Now 2,000 years, it's time for a major change on earth. And we see now we see Israel back into their homeland. These things should not be ignored. These things are signs of the end. Now, concerning this pope and the pro prophecy of the United States, I'm running out of time. I'll go fast. Uh when I heard this, the first thing I did is I started seeing the quotes and the stuff going around. First thing I did is I just went into my den, sat back in my chair. I got quiet before the Lord and I said, "Father, is is everything okay? Should we do something different? What should we do different? If if anything, what is your will? what is right in this. So I listened to that sermon that the quotes that are going around that um that it comes from and uh it's it's from a a sermon titled Acts of the Holy Spirit. And it's the same doctrine brother Brandham has always tried to bring. Accept Christ as your savior. Serve him. Have faith in him. He's the same yesterday and today and forever. He still heals the sick. He is still God. And come out of that denominational way of thinking that you're better than someone else. Now, here's the quote that's been going around the world over the past few days. Thank you. Now, when these stones come together, they were cut out all over the world in different places. The wood hauled down from their tall cedars of Lebanon was cut and brought to Japa by ox cart and on in by by so forth by raft till they came to make the temple. But when they came together, I want you to notice the stones were cut this way, another stone cut another way. Perhaps the masons were cutting them. They might have argued and fussed and everything else. So he's trying to to make the point that all of these stones, these stonemasons, they were following the blueprint and they were shaping the stone that they were in charge of of um cutting and they were looking over at the other stones by these other masons and they were looking at their blueprints and their stones and they were saying, "No, you're doing it wrong." and starting these arguments like a bunch of preachers does today. I'm the Methodist. I'm the church of God. Glory to God. I belong to the assemblies. I this. You keep fussing. But remember, it's God is the one that's doing the cutting. And when this cuts this way and one that way, they couldn't understand. But when they went to put it together, the whole thing was laying on the ground. and they put it block on block and they didn't have to cut anymore. He's saying that the blocks of the temple all looked different. Some were big, some were small, some some were different shapes, but they were all according to God's plan. For for those of you that claim to believe William Brandham, you've got to accept that part just as you accept the other parts. Methodists Assemblies of God, Church of God, today it's called Calvary Chapel. It's called Zion City. It's it's the Baptist church down the road. Building blocks in God's temple. I believe one of these glorious days when it's when this united confederation of churches goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be driven together. Will be drove together. the real true believer out of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, whatever they'll be will cemented by the love of God, that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ, all the believers, an agnostic and shallow minded will be cast to one side and they'll go right on into the confederation of churches. I've heard so much about this prophecy over the fa past few days, but is any one actually listening to what it said? It was his ministry. Come out of the denominational way of thinking and come together in the love of God and stop looking at these barriers that are between us and then that will make the body of the Lord Jesus. If you would just uh just leave that quote up there. And the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Pause for a minute. Is he referring to a prophecy in the Bible? Is he referring to something someone else prophesied? Because there's other prophecies about a pope coming out of the United States. Or is he referring to the words that he's saying at that moment? Is that the prophecy? We don't know. He doesn't say. I feel like the Ethiopian with Philillip when he's out there and he's reading the book of Isaiah and he's like, is he talking about himself or is he talking about someone else? And with this, it really it doesn't matter in this case. Everybody's saying everybody, you know, starts running around in circles and saying the sky is falling. But listen to the statement. He's saying that the people that the pope is brought out of the United States and put there according to prophecy. It doesn't matter who gave the prophecy if it's prophecy. It comes from God and it goes through whoever it might be. But it still, you have to consider the source which is God. And this whole prophecy, this whole thing is about unity among Christians. It's not about a single denomination or a group. The real true believers out of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, pil pilgrim, holiness, whatever they'll be, will go together and be cemented by the love of God. And that'll make the body of Jesus Christ all the believers. So the pope coming out of the United States to fulfill what was said, it seems like it, but don't just jump. Pray. Meditate on God. Meditate on his word. I believe this new pope coming from the United States is significant. Doesn't mean that a federation of churches is going to take over the United States and the Catholic Church is going to ba bail out the national debt and we're going to be able to get gather and we're not going to be able to gather together and worship like this anymore maybe. Or do you think maybe people are taking a prophecy to a place where God never intended it to be? I wonder why God has so much trouble speaking to us. will take something that he said and then we'll put our own interpretation to it, our own desires to it and then make it some big thing and God will say, "I didn't say that. You said that. You brought that to a place that I didn't want it to go." No wonder why it's so hard to hear the voice of God. I don't know what the the the prophecy I I I don't know what's fulfilled and what's not. But one thing I do know is it's about love and unity. That is the main the main theme. But for those min ministers who are jumping to conclusions, I think the people should take note of what they say. And if it doesn't come to pass, then don't believe them anymore. If it does come to pass, then then believe them. But look back at other predictions that they made about Israel or the last pope or or or other world events or about CO 19 and hold them to task on those predictions, too. Don't just go out and proclaim proclaim them to be false prophets. That's not right. Don't do that. But don't believe what they say anymore. In my opinion, the most famous famous prophecy about the end time is Jesus's sermon in Matthew 24. Matthew 24:4 says this. And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you." So don't get mad at me if I don't jump on board with all these guys and how they're interpreting this. They've made predictions and interpreted modern events before and they've been wrong. And it's not me saying to take heed and to be careful. Jesus is saying that. For many shall come in my name, saying, "I am Christ," and shall deceive many. And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you be not troubled, for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there shall be famines and pestilence, and earthquakes, and diverse places. All these are the beginning of s sorrows. Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted and shall kill you and you shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. Then shall many be offended and shall betray one another and shall hate one another. That's the one focus on that. How much hatred is there between so-called Christian churches? The way the text is, it looks like the same people hating each other are the same ones that are coming in the name of Jesus Christ. And many false prophets shall rise and deceive many. Many false prophets shall arrive and and arise and deceive many. 1977, Y2K, 2012, Mayan calendar, blood moons, red heers, and many others. And every time deception comes, it is pointing people to an exclusive revelation and not to just Christ. And because iniquity shall abound abound, the love of many shall wax cold. New King James version says, "And because law lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold." Brother said the prophecy that the body the prophecy he said in the prophecy that the body of Christ is cemented by the love of God. That is the ultimate outcome of this prophecy or it should be that's where our focus should be. But he that shall endure to the end shall be saved. So just be steady in your beliefs in Christ. Be steady in your relationship with Christ. Love the Lord with all your heart and put into practice the things that he taught. Watch for signs because because they mean something, but ultimately endure in your walk with Christ. And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations and then shall the end come. Most important thing is that the gospel of Jesus Christ is preached in introducing the world to Jesus Christ. Then the end will come. We're to make disciples. We're to baptize them. We're to teach them to observe everything Christ taught. And that that will bring the second coming of Christ. Friends, my point in saying all this is that I believe the pope coming out of the United States has the utmost significance. But I also see the false prophets are saying fantastic things. and all the wars and all the world and all the lack of love and all the lack of burden to see everyone saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. All those things are also signs of the end. So when we see these signs, we are taught to look up. What should we look up to? What's up there? God's up there because our redemption is drawing nigh and he is our redeemer. I'll close this part with saying with Hebrews 10 says this. Hebrews 10 verse 23 and this is a typical statement in the New Testament. This isn't the only time it says this. Let us hold fast to the prof to the profession of our fa faith without wavering for he is faithful that promised and let us consider consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works, not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another. and so much the more as you see the day approaching. That day is referring to the day that Christ returns. And if you believe that we're on the we're in the end times, then assemble yourselves with fellow Christians. Go to church, go to prayer meetings, go to Bible studies, be together, stir up one another in love and in good works as you see that day approaching. So if you believed this to be a prophecy about the pope, then understand that the prophecy is about love and unity and not about division and separation. Are we together? Amen. It's God's whole plan is about love. And these prophecies and scriptures, they won't do you any good unless you see them for what they are. My I'm I'm out of time, so I'm going to uh I'm going to stop right there. But the prophecy about the Pope, in my opinion, is a call to love and unity among Christians and not a call to say, "See, we told you so." No, it's a call for humility. And it's a call to love one another. Thank you, Lord. Now, Mother's Day, praise God. And and you know, when we talk about love, I can't I can't think of a more outwardly visible love than a love that a mother has for her child. I can't. And today's Mother's Day, and we want to honor our mothers in our congregation. John Wesley said, "I learned more about Christianity from my mother than from all the theologians in England." Abraham Lincoln said, "All that I am or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother." George Washington said, "My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am, I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual, and physical education I received from her." Brother Ram said, "When motherhood is broken, the backbone of this country is broken." So all the time that you spend with your kids, all the time that that you spend holding the newborn baby, all the time that you spend teaching them and standing up for them, mothers, your efforts have not been in vain. It's the best thing that you can do. It'll stay with those kids. forever. That love of a mother, the most important thing that we can give our child that will carry them through is love and they'll never forget. One of those ways, Stephanie, when uh when the kids were little, she homeschooled the kids. And uh one of the goals that she had in homeschooling the kids is she wanted to read out loud every word in the Bible to her children from Genesis chapter 1 to Revelation chapter 22. And she accomplished it. She read every every word in the Bible to the kids and she taught them that you got to you got to learn certain chapters in the Bible. Honey, how many time how many chapters did they learn? Yeah. It's like like you didn't know. Seven. So, Daniel, I'm put you on the spot. Come on. Come up here. One of one of need a microphone. One of those chapters that Stephanie taught to kids when they were little. Buddy, stand up here in front because I don't want you to be able to see that monitor. No. Up there. One. One of the chapters that they learned when they were kids was 1 Corinthians chapter 13, the love chapter. Daniel, it's been a long time, buddy. probably 15 years, 10 years. All right, brother Jordan, if you could put it up on the screen. Daniel, if you peek, you're busted. God bless you guys. And 1 Corinthians 13 was actually the first scripture uh chapter that my mom taught us. And uh it's always been on my heart. Like every time I think of the Bible, she taught us 1 Corinthians 13, Romans 8. And just growing up, those have always been the scriptures that would help me through the hard times because they were literally engraved on my brain. And so I just I'm eternally grateful to my beautiful mom and I I just love her so much. Me too. So now let's do it. Okay. So though I speak with tongues of men and angels and have not charity, I have become a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and have all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profitth me nothing. Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envieth not. Charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemingly, seeketh not our own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoices not in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth. Charity Charity never failth. And whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. Whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For For I know, for we know in part, and we prophesy in part. For when that which is perfect is come, that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away my childish things. For now, we see through a glass darkly. But then face to face. Then shall But then face to face now I shall know. And then shall I know, even also as I am known. And now abideth faith, hope, and charity, these three. But the greatest of these is charity. Yes. Oh my my wife back there, she was mouthing every word and going, "Come on. Come on. Praise God. It never leaves them. The scriptures that you teach them, they never leave. But most of all, the love that you mothers show for your children, that is the most important thing. And that never leaves. They could be in their 50s and they'll always come back to that love that was showed to them at home. I want to give out some awards and then I'll uh I'll read a few scriptures on love and the love of a mother. First, we will give an award. Now, these plants we got here, um they're irises and they're alive, so don't let them die, Mom. The first and for seniority we want to give our gift to the oldest mother. Yes, you have to state your age. So you can excuse yourself or you know when you get over 70 you're proud of your years. How many mothers do we have over 70 years old here? Raise your hand. All right. How many mothers over 75? All right. How many mothers over 80? I don't know if they can. I'm just kidding. How many mothers over 80? We have one, two, three, four, five over 85. Oh, one, two, three, four. Four mothers over 85. How many mothers over 87? One, two, three. Three mothers over 87. We We might get down to the date of birth. How many mothers? 90 or more. Do I have to put it in reverse? My grandma Wheeler's watching right now. She She's 98. God bless you, Grandma. I love you. Let's go back to to uh to 88. How many how many mothers here are 88 years old or older? One, two. Do we have an 89? One, two. I just said 90. So, everybody's under 90, right? All two of you. Sister Gara, are you're under 90, right? Okay. July. 90 in [Applause] July. There is no way. There is no way I'm not giving them both a gift. Uh my helper. Where's Lydia? Young Lydia, can you come here and help me? Sister Glidewell, what color do you want? Sister Ga, God bless your heart. All right, let's give this one to Sister Glidewell and then hold on. Can you You think you No, just go. Don't want to drop. Jonathan, can you give this to Lydia when she comes back? Thank you. She's coming back. And then the second one to Sister Garrett. Okay. Now, youngest mother. All right. Do we have any mothers here under 30? Raise your hand if you're under 30. I see you back there. Is that Kamalani? Who is that? Who is Who is this? I can't see you through the thing. I got to say your name. [Laughter] Oh yeah, God bless you. Stay right there. Just keep an eye on the kids. Anybody? Any other mothers under 30? None. Where's Kamlani? Oh, okay. See, we have two. There you are. Two under 30. How many under How many of you under 27? Both 25. Teresa, just one. Come on. How old are you? 26. 26. 22. 22. Great. We have a winner. What? What color? Pink or white or purple? Pink. All right. Young Lydia, if you could help me again. Okay, thank you. One more for the prettiest mother. Stephanie, could you come up and get your award? Now, the mother with the most children. All right. How many mothers have four children? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. That's why we have such a big church. How many mothers with five children? Yeah. How many number mothers with six children? Wait, wait, wait. Okay, we have Sister Gara. Six. Yeah, we have two. Anybody else with six children? Oh, yeah. Oh, great. So, we have lot Oh, and I forgot Jessica. So, seven. Can I get a seven? Seven. Anybody else with seven? Oh yes, sister back there. So just two with seven. Any other help me out here. Any other raised with seven? Do we have eight? Great job. We have eight. Do we have nine? Anybody with nine? Do I am I missing anybody? So, how many had eight? One, two. All right, come on up. Good job. Great job on the eight kids. If anyone deserves an award, good job and God bless you. Okay, I have a I have a white one and a pink one. Okay, here you go. You get that one there. And then we have one more. You can go ahead and and deliver that one right over there. Um Lani, what what color? White or white or purple? Okay. Praise the Lord. I have one more. all the way back to Sister L. One more gift and this one is because of someone that's done such a wonderful job this year with her foster kids and adopting all these babies and bringing them to church and just jumping right in to parenthood. Great job. Where is sister Angela? Is she around? Angela Bagot, God bless you. There she is back there. You can look at her. All right. Praise the Lord for the mothers. I've counseledled parents before and and many times the parents will mothers call me or or they they have a burden for their children as all mothers do and and they just a mother feels just really it's just a portion of what God feels for all of us. The love of God far is is far beyond that of a mother. But the strongest love that I can see that that I have seen is that love that a mother has for her child. And how many times have I had mothers come to me and say, "My my son or my daughter is doing this or doing that and and they're sinning." And my advice is always, "Sister, place it into the hands of God because his hands are much better than yours. There's no greater hands." I believe to take care of a child than a mother. But God's hands are better. Amen. And we trust in the Lord and and we give our children over to the Lord. When when God made Adam and Eve, he separated the two sexes. To the man, he gave the leadership role. And motherly love was placed in the woman. The mothers do everything they can for their children. And if they will just place them into the hands of God with this love, then you can rest assured that everything is going to be okay. I wanted to Daniel read 1 Corinthians chapter 13. Let's rewind to 1 Corinthians chapter 12 verse number 24. I'm going to read the New King James Version because it says love instead of charity. But our presentable parts have no need. But God composed the body, having given greater honor to the to that part which lacks it, that there should be no schism, no division in the body, but that the members should have the same care one for another. And if one member suffers, all the members suffer with it. Or if one member is honored, all the members rejoice with it. Think about that example of a mother right here. When Daniel was able to quote this scripture up here, the person that was the most nervous in this whole room was not Daniel. It was his mom. And she wanted Daniel to succeed more than Daniel wanted to succeed. And when her children when a mother's children when they suffer, the mother suffers even more than the child does. And the mothers would rather take that suffering upon themselves. And the apostle Paul here is saying that that's how we should be with each other. What a great example a mother is. If one member suffers, if one member of us suffers, then we should all suffer with it. And then I said the happiest person when Daniel finished was Stephanie because he did it happier than her son. And that's how we should be with each other. If one member of us is is honored or if one thing if something good happens to one of us, we should rejoice as a congregation. We should rejoice as the body of Christ even more than that person that was honored. When one member is honored, all the members should rejoice. That example of a mother is exactly how the body of Christ should operate. Now listen to what he says. Now you are the body of Christ and members individually. And God has appointed these in the church. First apostles, second prophets, third teachers. After that, miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, administrations, varieties of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Do all have gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret but earnestly desire the best gifts? Now watch this. And yet I show you a more excellent way. NIV says, "And yet I will show you the most excellent way." NLT says, "But now let me show you a way of life that is best of all. Though I speak with tongue of men and angels and have not love, I become a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have gift of prophecy and understand all the mysteries and all the knowledge and and through and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains but have not love, I am nothing." Amen. And though I bestow all my gifts to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be d burned, but have not love, it profits me nothing. All the prophecies, all the faith, understand all the mysteries, have all the knowledge, I am nothing without love. prophecy that I read earlier. It says this, "And cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus that will make the body of the Lord Jesus all the believers." cemented by the love of God. 1 John chapter 4 verse 7. Beloved, let us love one another. For love is of God. And everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love. It's one of my favorite statements in the whole Bible. God is love. In this was manifested the love of God toward us because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. The same apostle that wrote this, wrote the same the most famous scripture in the entire Bible, he recorded in John 3:16, the one Sister Hope mentioned the other day when we were sharing our favorite scriptures. For for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that who believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life. This that's writing these things is the beloved disciple. the disciple that was one of the closest to Jesus Christ, if not the closest. And the theme of his epistles is love. The greatest people that I've ever known in my life, and my mom included, are the people that loved more than anyone else. I my when I was a kid, my mom, I think I've told this story before to some of you, my I was in like eighth grade and and you know, the I was kind of nerdy and and I mean, obviously, I didn't stay that way, but I uh you know, I wanted the girls to like me and I just, you know, I wasn't wasn't all that. And my mom had this red notebook and my mom wrote in her handwriting in pen, "I love you." And she put a heart around it. And I didn't know I get to I get to school and I have it sitting on my desk and my friend Vinnie looks at my um folder and he says, "Hey, that's not your handwriting." I was like, "Yeah, it's not. Somebody must love me. I didn't tell him that it was my mom. Going to let him know that I had a girlfriend maybe that nobody knew about. No man has seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us and his love is perfected in us. Romans chapter 5 verse 6 says this, "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. For scarcely for a righteous man will one die. Yet per venture for a good man some would even dare to die. But God commended his love toward us that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. I can't help but think of a mother and the love of a mother there. In all of my sinful days when I was a teenager and and everything that I did, my mom didn't love me any less during those times than she did during the times that I was serving the Lord. And that's how our Lord Jesus Christ is. Though you were yet sinners, he died for you. And Jesus loved us when we were yet sinners. If you're not serving the Lord, doesn't mean he loves you any less. He thinks about us. He wants us to come to him. much more then being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. Musicians can come and I'll close. Galatians 5:13 says this, "For brethren, ye have been called unto liberty. Only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. For all that the law is fulfilled. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even this, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Philippians chapter 1:9 says this. And this I pray that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment, that you may approve things that are excellent, that you may be sincere and without offense till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and the praise of God. He says, "I pray that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in judgment." And this last scripture, 1 Peter chapter 4:7, "But the end of all things is at hand. Be therefore sober and watch under prayer." It's not wrong, friends, to preach the end times. Peter preached the end times 2,000 years ago. It's not wrong to warn of coming judgment. It's not wrong to say that the end of all things is at hand, especially now that we see the signs of the end. Peter wrote these words 2,000 years ago after Jesus had gone up as ascended up. But the end of all things is at hand. Be therefore sober and watch under prayer. New King James says, "Therefore, be serious and watchful in your prayers. And above all things, have fervent charity. Have fervent love above all things. Above all the understanding that you may have, above all the study that you may have, above all, above all the sacrifices that you may have, above all things, have fervent love one for another, for love will cover a multitude of sins. Amen. Colossians chapter 3, 30 seconds. Colossians chapter 3, verse 14. But above all these things, put on love, which is the bond of perfection. before Jesus died, he got his disciples together and he preached to them his last message. And then Jesus went to prayer and he prayed and he said, "Lord, I pray that they would be one as you and I are one." He wasn't just talking about Tucson Tabernacle. He wasn't just talking about this church or that church. He wanted all of his people to be together in love. Just as a mom wants all of her children to be together in love. He had that attribute about him and he commanded us love one another. He even said something on the order of, "And by this, I'll know you. When I return, by your love one for another." How much good could a church do? All of our doctrines and everything everything that we preach and all all of the explanation that we have of the Bible and all of these these revelations and all these deep doctrine, how much more could a church do for the community? How much more could a church do for a visitor? How much more could a church do if they truly showed love? It's the greatest of all. And let me quote the Apostle John again, the beloved disciple. He said, "God is love for the mothers. The love that you have is so beautiful for your children and for us, all of us. And all of us have a mom. Show your mother respect. Love her if she's still here. Mine's gone. I I don't like to think about it, but I I would like to talk to her again. So, if you have a mother here, talk to her. Sit down. Just you and her. Talk to her about the things of the Lord. Tell her how much you love her. And I promise you'll never regret it. The love of a mother is the most beautiful thing in the world. But the love of Jesus Christ, it's far beyond anything we could ever imagine. [Music] The love of God is greater far than tongue or pen can ever tell. [Music] It goes beyond the high star and reaches to the lowest hand. The guilty [Music] pair bound down with care. God gave his son to him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He [Music] reconciled and born and found his sin. Oh love of [Music] God, how rich is you. I'll measure them and strong. It shall [Music] forever more [Music] enthus when years of time shall pass away and earthly [Music] thrones and kingoms fall. And who refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains call God's love so sure shall will [Music] endure all [Music] measure and strong [Applause] red to Adam's gra the saint The name angels song. If we within the ocean filled and worth the skies of partridge [Music] made for every stock on Earth will live and [Music] every trail to ride the [Music] love of God above. It would drain the [Music] ocean dry. Or could that scroll contain the whole stretch from [Music] sky to sky. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. How rich do you th me and strong it shall forever perure. [Music] the saint [Music] s. Let's all stand. Brother Jordan, if you could put that last verse up there that to write the love of [Music] God. It was written. No one knows who wrote it. Inscribed on the wall of an insane institution way back when. You have to wonder when this man wrote that on the wall. Could we with ink the ocean fill and were the skies of parchment made? Where every stock on earth aquill and every man ascribed by trade to write the love of God above would drain the ocean dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky to sky. Anonymous author written on the wall of an insane institution. A man maybe in the lowest of the low and still found the love of God in Jesus Christ. For the mothers, as you leave, we've got a small gift from the church for you. And uh we pray that the Lord will give you a good day today. brother safe travels back home to Yuma. You are you going back home today? Welcome. We thank you again for coming and may the Lord guide you and protect you. And uh we have we have these these cakes. We have if you have to have gluten-free, we even have five gluten-free that uh want to look out for everybody. But but if you're a mom, take take one of the cakes the deacons will give you on the way home. And I pray that you have a great day. May the Lord be with you. No service tonight. And just thank the Lord today for the love of God that's in our hearts. He is good. Let's bow our heads. Lord God Almighty, we thank you. Thank you for the love that you showed to us. Even though we may have been sinners, Lord, yet your love never wavered and it never failed. We thank you for the love that moms, mothers show their children. And Lord, we pray that you would honor those mothers who may have a weward son or daughter. We pray, Lord, that that love and the prayers that go with it, Father, would come before you and that you would save, turn lives around, Father. And I give you a sincere thanks for a mother that taught me right, took care of me, as I'm sure that many, many people here in this congregation are doing the same. Thank you, Lord, for mothers that showed us love. They represented Jesus Christ to us, the first ones. We thank you for that. May your hand be upon all the mothers today. Father, we thank you once again for Christ our savior in Jesus name. Amen. Again, as you leave, get one of the cakes from the deacons and it's given to you with love to the mothers. God bless you. You you can be seated. You can remain standing, but you're dismissed. In the name of the Lord, God bless you.
