################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - The Life of David Pt1 Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-26
Title:    The Life of David Pt1: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC4uZlVFwoM
========================================

Description:
Wednesday,  March 26th 2025 7 PM Tucson Tabernacle. Brother Lyle starts a series on the life of the shepherd, musician, songwriter, poet, warrior, conqueror, king: David.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] He brought me out of the I reclaim. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] My heart was distressed Jehovah's dreadf frown. And low in the pits where my sins dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden days. He brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a hole in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established and here I'll abide with no danger of falling from here I remain. But stand by his grace until the crown I bring. He brought me out of the mighty flame. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He puts the song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it's sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has resued me. He brought me out of the myy flame. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts the song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him to all men. His goodness shall sing. I'll sing of salvation home and abroad. Till many shall hear the truth. Trust in God. He brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Count of the dead with its gloom and despair. I'll praise your father who my prayer. I'll sing my new song in the joy of love. world and joy in the forest. You got that reservation made for that. He brought me out of the clay. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He puts the song my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. He did it all. Amen. That's so good. So, we do have a a couple of requests and um uh pray for for Rebecca. Believe she's been visiting here. She had to go to the hospital today. Sister Amelia, she is in pain, having some trouble walking, and possibly having to have some surgery. So, let's remember her. And I believe Sister Sharon here asks prayer for the neighbors family for their their loss from a past, someone passing away. So, you know, it's it's well, we have a great comforter. You know, it's it's he was the only one that could give his life and raise it back in, back it up, and he can be touched by the filling of our infirmities. So, if you you believe that and you have a request, if you'll stand and brother Dan, would you take that prayer request? God bless you, brothers and sisters. Let's bow our heads. [Music] Almighty God, we should never take it for granted that we can bow our heads to the ground from once we came and lift our prayers up to the Almighty God. Father, Sister Amelia, and her knee problem. Lord, she trusts in you so much. Father, I know that that you have your hand on her and you love her now as her friend. Lord, we lift up a prayer for her that you would heal her body and Rebecca, Father, and the troubles that she has. I pray for her that that you would help her, Father. May the doctors find nothing wrong with her. Father, I pray that you would encourage her heart, Lord, to come closer to you and and Father, be a better Christian and a better servant to you, Father. And then all of us, Lord, and the requests that we have on our hearts for ourselves and for our families, those Lord that are streaming in right now and and listening to the song and worship service and listening to this prayer for each one, Lord, that would have a request upon their heart. I pray that, Lord, that you would hear it and then, Lord, that you would answer from heaven. Father, we ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] He brought me out of the miry clay and now I want a closer walk with him. You know how you you get a closer walk with somebody? You walk with them. You talk with them. You spend time with them. That's how you get to know them. [Music] I am weak, but thou art [Music] strong. Jesus, keep me from all wrong. And I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Grant it. Jesus is my place. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. and through this world of toils and snare. If I falter, Lord, who cares? And who with me my burden share? None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. daily walking close to thee, let it be, dear Lord, let it be. And when my feeble life is old, time for me shall be no more. Guide me gently, safely, oh to thy kingom. show to thy shore. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. One more time. Just asking. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my place. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] Sister Hope, if you would make ready to sing, you may be seated. Sister Shirley Moore, she says, "I want to thank everyone for their prayers and praise God." He says, "Most of all, for a safe trip, but there's no place like home." Amen. With God's family. Amen. Amen. I had asked somebody to sit in your place so that chair wouldn't be empty. It's she's usually the first one here when you walk out and you're setting up. She's there. It's just you just get used to it. Sister Hope has a song. I appreciate that. Amen. [Music] Little David, oh, the eyes were just too high for little David. So he shook off all of his foes. With the power of God, he was clothed. The battle's not mine. and I give it to you. Lord, it's mine. Oh, the battle's not mine. Little David, Lord, it's in your favor. Sing it with me. I give it all to you. I knew not to do that. You're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's mine. Now, little David unafraid. But for the giant, he stood that day. It seemed to be the end for little David. But like the lion and the bear that he slew, that old giant would come down to the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord, it's mine. Oh, the battle's not mine, said little David. Lord, it's mine and I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you made me say that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you. Lord, it's now little he stood tall. The giant stood so small. Sweet victory I reign for little David for he gave the battle to one who believed in getting things done the battle's not mine I give it to you Lord it's mine oh the battle's not mine said little David Lord it's mine and I'm in your favor I give it all to you. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you made me see that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's mine. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's mine. [Applause] I've asked brother Josiah to help us with this song. My hope is in the Lord. But as she sang the song, the battle is not mine. Dear Lord, I give it to you. When you give it to him, just let it go. Don't give it to him like this. I want to hang on to it. So I I I can help you out or no, just give it to him and let him lead you. Amen. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing verse one. I stand in oh within the presence of the Lord in whom the wisdom of the aes for whom the rage of the sea subides the living [Music] sacrifice the only soul source of life. My hope is in the Lord this time and never more. Oh my hope is in forever more. first. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner and his [Music] broken to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts I bless my hope is in the time. Oh and never more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his broken name. who offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him find their hearts at rest. My hope is in good this time and ever more. Oh my hope is in the forever more. My hope, my hope is in the Lord. This time on and ever more. My hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Amen. I appreciate I have asked them to do this enough times. Sometimes I have trouble with some of the rhythms and they make it look so easy, but that's okay. And worship the Lord that way. My hope was in the Lord. And as I was listening to that song and the next song that came out, so let me walk with you, Jesus. It is it's not he's not letting you. You're actually telling yourself, "Let me walk with him because he'll never turn you away." So let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. [Music] For without you I could never. No, never make heaven my home. That first verse. Oh, I've been on the mountain with Jesus and I've been in the valley so long. But not one time has he failed me. and to him with my burdens I go. So let me walk with you [Music] Jesus. Don't never leave me. He promised he never would. For without you I could never. No, never make heaven my [Music] home. Oh, he found me when I was so lonely. He found me when I was so good. Yes, he found me when no one could help me. And I did not need a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, renew a right spirit within me, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy my holy spirit from [Music] me. Oh, restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within. Let's stand as we sing that one more time. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Says, "Take not thy holy spirit for me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation." So you're not saving yourself. He's saving you and there's I'll fail myself every time but if he did it comes through that that's the joy of our salvation is him. So as brother Ly prepares um talking a little back there and he he talked about how many how much about Joseph and there's about three times as much about David as there is of Joseph. So, we got the next few months lined out that way. And I I won't Yeah, I will. Brother Dan goes, maybe I'll take the the Saul part of it and show the kind of the [Music] There's two sides, you know, and the Bible is it will show both sides. If we would get where only the good was shown in every scripture, we'd wonder what's wrong with us. But when you realize, hey, just like Paul who persecuted, God turned him around, God will do the same thing for us. Amen. In the presence of Jehovah. [Music] In the [Music] presence of [Music] Jehovah, God Almighty, the prince of peace. [Music] Trles [Applause] vanish and hearts are [Music] mened in the presence of the king. One more time. Oh, in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty. [Music] These [Music] branches trles [Music] vanish. Hearts are [Music] mended in the presence of the king. Once more, please. in the presence of [Music] Jehovah, God [Music] Almighty, Prince of [Music] Peace, trles manage, Hearts are bended in the [Music] presence of the King. Thank you so much. Good evening everyone. I'm really happy to be here tonight. I I wasn't here on Sunday because I wasn't feeling well. Turned in her prayer request and the Lord answered. On on Sunday, I was running a high fever. I could not speak a complete sentence and my breathing was very erratic. But God is here. He's present with us. He touches us. The fever broke. Praise the Lord. and my temperature has been normal for more than 48 hours. So, you're not going to get infected from what I had. I don't have it anymore. It's gone. Uh, and as I did with Joseph, I've got in the back there a few copies of a handout with the scriptures and so forth that we'll be using tonight that may be of assistance. It's Wednesday night. It's Bible study night. And this time, we're going to begin a series on the life of David. Our approach will be different than any I've seen or heard. So, I solicit your prayers that the Lord help and guide us. And I also solicit your feedback. And speaking of prayer and knowing that God hears and answers our prayers, and I'm standing here as a witness and a testimony tonight that that's exactly what he does. Let's go to him one more time. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful. the song that we just sang in the presence of Jehovah. Lord, that's where we want to be, Lord. We just thank you for your spirit, for your presence, for your love, for your grace, for your goodness, for your kindness, Lord. And most of all, not for what you do, but for who you are, Lord. We just pray that we can draw ever closer to you, ever closer in fellowship with one another, Lord. And till that time comes when we're just totally inseparable, Lord, that you can't tell one from the other. You can't tell anything from anything except it's just your presence permeating completely. Lord, we look forward to that time. And Lord, in the meantime, help us to be witnesses for you. Lord, help our lives to reflect the Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord, the grace that you extend to us, the unmmerited favor that you draw us to yourself. be with us this evening, Lord. Let nothing be said that would cause anyone difficulty or cause anyone to stumble or misunderstand, but Lord, may you just move by your spirit and through your word. Lord, we're so grateful for this opportunity and we thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. For our opening verses, I'd like to read from two different places. The first is found in the New Testament. Paul, also first known as Saul, who happened to be a Benjaminite, and Barnabas are in the beginning of what we think of as their first missionary journey. They've left Cyprus, landed at Pergia. I'm sure everybody can read. It says right there, Pergia. You got Okay. And made the way to Antioch of Pacidia. The first sermon of that journey is recorded in Acts 13. Witnessing in the synagogue about Jesus the Messiah, Paul rehearses the Exodus under Moses and the conquests in Canaan under Joshua. We read after that the Lord gave unto Israel judges about the space of 450 years until Samuel the prophet. Afterward they desired a king. God gave unto them Saul, the son of Kish, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of 40 years. And when the Lord had removed Saul, the Lord raised up unto Israel David to be their king, to whom he also gave testimony, and said, I have found David, the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfill all my will. of this man's descendants hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a savior Jesus. I thank God he's raised him to us as well. The second reading before we're seated will be from 1st Samuel 13. That's the portion of the scripture that Paul was referring to in this sermon. The prophet Samuel is scolding King Saul for incomplete obedience to the Lord. And Samuel said to Saul, excuse me, thou hast done foolishly. Thou hast not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God, which he commanded thee. For now the Lord hath established thy kingdom upon Israel forever. But now thy kingdom shall not continue. The Lord hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the Lord hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the Lord commanded thee. Please be seated. What's the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear David in the context of the Bible? Do you think shepherd Goliath Basheba king Bethlehem Abselum bringing the ark to Jerusalem? Census or maybe musician, songwriter, poet, enthusiastic dancer, or do you think a man after God's own heart? Amen. And if so, what does that actually mean? In this series, I I'd like us to explore David's life through his heart. After all, if he was a man after God's own heart, then if we learn more of David's heart, we'll learn something about what God looks for and appreciates in us. And we should never lose sight of God's goal in all of this. It's about a right relationship with him. In studying Joseph, we read the final 13 chapters of Genesis, commented on them, drawing from other scriptures as well as some archaeology, history, and other extra biblical sources. David's story comprises 61 chapters and portions of three books. 1 Samuel, 1 Kings, and 1 Chronicles, and the entire book of 2 Samuel, there five times as much information. We're talking about a little bit in the back that, well, Joseph was a type of Christ, I said, but David was a type of us. We have almost no extra biblical evidence from the early years of the kingdom of Israel. No stone monuments, coins had not been invented. They wouldn't happen until uh the district of of Lydia, Anatolia in western Turkey about 500 years after David, the very first coins were ever minted. There's no commemorative plaques. There's no engraved items, no stones of celebration like we found in Egypt. No signate rings that have been found. no correspondence with other kingdoms or empires that have survived the approximately 3,000 years. Virtually all the information that we have about David in the times in which he lived is from the Bible. That's our source and it's our trusted guide. We saw in Joseph it's reliable. We can trust it. So now when it becomes our only source, it's reliable. We can trust it. that's been established. And don't worry, we won't be reading all 61 of those chapters. I'm 75 years old and I'd like to survive this series. So, but we'll be reading from portions of them. Joseph's story, which we just finished exploring, was first written by Moses some 400 years after Joseph's death. There's no firsthand accounts relying solely on oral tradition and inspiration. That's true for the entire book of Genesis. On the other hand, David's life is mostly written by contemporaries, a sort of diary. The author or authors of First and 2 Samuel and First Kings are unknown to us. The reasons they wrote are undisclosed. 1 Chronicles is an exception. It was composed about 500 years after David's death. It was written after the return from exile in the times of Ezra and Nehemiah, perhaps even later. In the Hebrew Bible, which we look at as the Old Testament, the very last books in the Hebrew Bible are 1 and 2 Chronicles because they were the very last books that were written that are included in that text. When you read not just the accounts and chronicles, but see which events are recorded and which are left out, you can see a very clear pattern used by the ones who compiled and edited those manuscripts. Keep in mind, these are not books written by prophets, but histories recorded by various scribes, likely officials in the king's courts. Well, you may be thinking, "Okay, brother." So, if you're not, just going to sort of read and comment like last time. How will we pursue this study? Here's the approach I'd like us to try. If it doesn't work, we'll find another one. Always subject to change. Tonight, we'll step back. We'll take an overview of David's early life in more or less chronological order. Uh, I say more or less because the stories of his life are not all presented in order. There are many flashbacks, many flash forwards. An obvious example is that after we're told David has died, we're then told of several events of his life not previously mentioned. I don't think he came back to do those things. I think they just happened in an earlier time. So, these are flashbacks. And the people that wrote the Bible weren't concerned about specific orders of of events. They were concerned about finishing a thread of thought and then moving on to the next thread, moving on to the next lesson. After the context, an overview of David's early life up to the death of King Saul, we'll examine some of the events in closer detail. First from a narrative perspective reading from the books of Samuel, Kings andor Chronicles. Next we'll look at his heart at that particular time in his life through one or more of the psalms that he wrote and specifically identified with that part of his life. So with the Lord's help and with your extreme patience, we'll see not only David's heart, but God's heart for us and how we can apply the lessons of David to our lives today. To begin, you know me by now. I always find it helpful to establish overall context to set the stage for the story. When did David live? This helps establish the political, economic and technological environments. What about the geography? Where did these events take place? What sort of neighbors did they have? Was the kingdom isolated like Egypt with tremendous natural barriers to proford protection to afford protection or or not? Let's start by figuring out the time in which David lived. You might recognize this slide from before. Yeah, I see you've got your your binoculars up there, Sister Martha. Good for you. Good for you. Somebody was paying attention. As you may recall from our earlier study of Joseph, the oldest time anchors between the Bible and secular history is Egypt's invasion of Judah during the reign of Rahoboam, David's grandson. From this we know the year Solomon, David's son by Bath Sheba, became king, which is the same year that David died, which is about 970 BC. In 2 Samuel 5:4, we're told that David was 30 years old when he began to reign and he reigned 40 years. So from this, we see David was born about 1040 BC. He became king about 1010 BC and died about 970 BC. He lived some 70 or 71 years. Here I've indicated a few of the major events of his life. It' be difficult to see if I added more. Hopefully that's not too difficult with those few. Most of the time we can only guess it at his age. And in fact, the exact sequence of many of the events of his life is often not clear. But what technology existed at that time, particularly in reference to warfare? War seems to play a major role in the stories of David's life. 100 BC was at the end of what is known as the Bronze Age. That's generally considered from about 3000 BC to 1,000 BC. Don't go to sleep on me yet, please. Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin. It was the metal most used for tools and weapons. It was easy to work with and you could build a fire hot enough to do something with it. The Iron Age, where the superior qualities of iron over bronze were recognized and used for most purposes, was from about 1300 BC to about 1,000 BC. And after that point, we don't talk about different metals of ages. This is not the titanium age or the or the carbon fiber age or whatever. Iron was known and used earlier than 1300 BC. But this period is when its use became widespread. Now when you read in Joshua and the very first part of Judges about the difficulties that the Israelites had with the Canaanites, you'll notice one reason given for not being able to conquer them had to do with the Canaanites and Philistines possessing iron technology. Israel did not. Judges 1:19. And the Lord was with Judah, and he drove out the inhabitants of the mountain, but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley because they had chariots of iron. It doesn't mean that they were solid iron chariots. They were wooden chariots, but they were reinforced with iron in the right places. Israelites had no chariots. They didn't even have war horses. They just spent 40 years crossing the desert, living on mana. This is about 1400 BC about 350 years before David's birth. So we see that this technology certainly had an impact. The result was that Israel under Joshua conquered and occupied the central mountainous region of Canaan, the Jordan Valley in the hill country east of the Jordan Valley. Further east was desert. And I know this is hard to see and and and Barth is probably not going to share her binoculars with everybody. So these this is mountain is here. Here's the Dead Sea, the Jordan River. Uh the Sea of Galilee as we call it. The Med is out here. Here's modern day Tel Aviv. Here's Jerusalem. Uh but you can see this is all mountainous. And along the coast, the plains they didn't conquer. They conquered the green area. So, Israel had begun as a loose confederation of tribal agricultural communities. They'd been under subjection by these coastal powers, which we usually refer to loosely as the Philistines. As a result of constant harassment and subjugation by their neighbors for these 350 or 400 years, the tribes united under a king. They said, "This is not working. We need a king." The prophet Samuel anointed Saul, a man of Benjamin, as king. Saul was not looking to be selected as king. He was shocked when Samuel came to him. I'm sure that brother Daniel will uh make that very clear. Israel became much stronger militarily, but in spite of regular warfare with its neighbors, the territory controlled by Israel, though consolidated under one government, remained essentially the same. So you'll see here in this map the the little brown outline that's showing the borders of Saul's kingdom. And you'll see that it's essentially the same as the area that was initially conquered. They filled in most of this spot right here. And uh that's pretty much what they filled in. Uh up here there's this little town. You can't read it. It's Bet Sheen. They didn't conquer that. That was still unconquered territory. That's why it's Don't look straight into it, Ly. There we go. Wrong button. Wrong button. Wrong button. Okay. Take my word for it. Over here in the upper part is Bet Shion. down here. The other little circle is Jerusalem. They didn't conquer that either. Okay. This map shows the approximate distribution of the regional powers that were emerging in David's time as well as the overall geography of the region. I've marked the location of Israel with a star of David. To the west there was the Mediterranean Sea. To the southeast the Arabian desert. Both of these provided protection. To the southwest was Egypt, a superpower of the era. To the north were the Hittites. Across the desert to the east where it would says Elam and Mesopotamia. That Mesopotamia became Babylon. Elam became Persia. And they were the people that four and 500 years after David conquered Israel. Israel lies at the junction of Europe, Asia, and Africa. As such, it would be an important transit for the armies battling for dominance of their growing empires. They didn't much care about Israel itself. Some farmers and some hills were not too worried about them, but they care very much about the location. They were real estate guys. location, location, location. And as a result, there was a lot of traffic of unfriendly people going through Israel. Well, we now have a context of when the sort of technology that existed and was developing, the geographic location and its importance and the sorts of near and approaching neighbors with whom the nation lived, and that Israel had demanded and received into power its first king, Saul of Benjamin. It's worth noting that when Samuel told Saul he would be king, Saul was shocked and very humble. Excuse me. Later, jealousy and pride will be his downfall. There's that word again. Pride specifically states in the Bible that that was it. Let's follow the thread of David's early life through the Bible. Again, laying background. Pardon me. This will be by means of brief chapter summaries like we did last year with our overview of the Old Testament books. Bear with me through this. It'll take about 10 minutes, but it'll set the stage of the big picture from high altitude of David's life before we zoom in. In 1 Samuel chapter 9, Saul is chosen by the Lord to be king. In chapter 10, he's anointed to be king by the prophet Samuel and proclaimed as Israel's king, though not everybody was happy about Saul being selected. We're told he was head and shoulders taller than any of the people. Saul establishes capital at Gibia, circled in red. In chapter 11, he gathers an army, defeats the Ammonites at a place called Yabesh Gilead, which is just north of this map. The people who were opposed to Saul now step up and say, "We were we were for you all the time. We were just kidding." The kingdom is renewed by Samuel at Gilgal circled in yellow on the map. Note that Jerusalem is circled in brown. It's it's in the middle there. That marks the borders of Saul's kingdom. Jerusalem is not yet part of Israel. During Saul's time, Jerusalem was not part of the kingdom. They were independent. the Jebusites. They won't be conquered until David becomes king. Chapter 12 is Samuel's farewell address to Israel, warning of one, the consequences of disobedience, and two, providing assurances to Israel if they will be obedient to the commandments of the Lord. Chapter 13 tells of a battle with the Philistines near Giba, of Saul's impatience waiting for Samuel at Gilgal and offering a sacrifice. Chapter 14 tells of more battles and of Saul's what's the word that chapter 14 uses? Pride. Yes. What does pride precede? Let's see. Chapter 15. Saul battles the Amalachites. is told to destroy them and tells of Saul's incomplete obedience. Like so many of these events, the showdown between Samuel and Saul takes place in that little yellow circle place called Gilgal. 1st Samuel 15:22. We read, "And Samuel said, am I speaking loud enough, brother? I'm okay. I'm I'm trying to uh control recovery here." And Samuel said, "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices? As in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice." Sacrifice is a form of worship. To obey is better, and to hearken, to listen than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft. Stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. Incomplete obedience. Convincing yourself this is my interpretation and I'm doing it right by my interpretation. But it's not what the Lord said. Saul will still have 10 or 15 more years of his reign remaining. Chapter 16, Samuel goes to Bethlehem, circled in yellow, to see Jesse, who God indicates has a son, who will succeed Saul as king. God tells Samuel, "Don't look at the stature or appearances a man looks. God looks at the heart." Samuel anoints Jesse's youngest son, David, to be Israel's future king. In the latter part of the chapter, not necessarily in chronological sequence with other chapters, God sends an evil spirit to trouble Saul. Saul is told of and then sends for David, the son of Jesse, described as a man of war, to come to Saul and play music on his harp. And music refreshes Saul. The evil spirit departs. This is a recurring pattern. These were not harps like you'd see in a modern orchestra or something. This is a small handmade instrument. You see here a couple of one fairly old and another one that a replica that somebody made of. What it may have looked like. We don't really know. Nothing nothing has survived from that era or that period. In chapter 17, a young David fights and defeats Goliath, the Philistine champion. Probably the most famous story of David. Our title slide is a portion of a statue of David with his sling sculpted by Michelangelo about 520 years ago. Starting with chapter 18, Saul becomes jealous of David, tries to kill him with ever greater hostility as time passes. When David plays music to soothe Saul, Saul tries to kill him by throwing a spear at David. He then makes David a minor commander in the army. Maybe I can get rid of him that way. Then he tells David, "If you can kill a hundred Philistine men and bring me irrefutable evidence, David will then be given the hand of Saul's daughter in marriage." Saul expected the Philistines to kill David. Instead, David and his men killed 200 Philistines instead of only 100. And David marries Saul's daughter, Michael. And we're told that Michael very much loved David. Chapter 19 is more war, more efforts to kill David. In this chapter, Michael saves David's life. The Lord protects David through Samuel in a very unusual way. After this event, David will remain a fugitive until Saul's death. In chapter 20, David comes to V's friend Jonathan, the crown prince, trying to understand, why is your dad trying to kill me? Jonathan verifies that Saul is determined to kill David and warns him, stay away. In chapter 21, David goes to Knob circled in yellow. You can see it's not very far away. Couple miles, three miles maybe. And there is an event where he eats shoe bread from the altar. Jesus talks about that. In fear of Saul, David then flees to the Philistine city of Gath circled in red. He is then in fear of Akish, the ruler of Gath, and prescends. He's out of his mind to escape. In chapter 22, he flees to Moab, shown by the red arrow. And after hiding out for a time, returns to Judah, and hides in a forest. Meanwhile, Saul hears that David had gone to the priest at Knob, which we're told this is a city of priests, and Saul has the entire population of the city slaughtered. Chapter 23. The Lord tells David to rescue Keelia, circled in yellow, from the Philistines. He does, but is warned the Keelites will turn him over to Saul. So, he flees to the wilderness, Nema, circled in red. Saul chases him, but then is called away to fight yet another battle with the Philistines. David then moves to the caves of Denghetti by the Dead Sea, circled in black, not so far away from where the Dead Sea Scrolls were eventually found. This photo shows a present- day nature reserve at Engeti. The inset shows us sorts of caves that are all over the area. There's water available, but not from the Dead Sea. Can't drink that stuff. You can see this as a remote and forbidding place, especially if in your mind's eye you remove the paved roads and irrigated fields and various buildings in the present day site. Just for give you an idea, the the sea level there is about 1300 feet below sea level. The top of the rocks there are slightly above sea level. So it's about a 1500 foot difference in elevation there. Not so different from the difference in elevation from Tucson at about 2500 feet and the peaks of some of the Tucson mountains here at about 4,000. In chapter 24, Saul ends up sheltering in the same cave at In Getty where David is hiding. Saul David spares Saul, provides him with evidence that he could have killed him. Saul gets David to agree that when he becomes king, he will not kill Saul's descendants. Chapter 25, Samuel dies. David and his men, meanwhile, are camped out uh at some property owned by a fellow named Nabal. Nabalu, they don't get along so well with David, and he dies, but David had nothing to do with that. David marries his widow, Abigail, and about the same time marries a Hinam of Jezriel. Michael, David's wife, who protected him from Saul, had been taken by Saul and given to another man. Chapter 26, David again comes upon Saul, who is sleeping, again, refuses to harm him, but takes his spear as evidence he could have. They again part ways. Chapter 27. David tires of fleeing from Saul and decides to go and live among the Philistines, knowing that Saul won't pursue him in the enemy territory. Again, he goes to Gath, circled in red. This time, he's not afraid of Akish, and he's allowed to settle among the Philistines in the town of Ziglag, circled in yellow, just for fun and to demonstrate how small this place really is. and drawn an arrow from the coast at Ashdod down to Engeti at the border of the Dead Sea. That distance is about the same or greater than the distance from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean along most of the nation of Israel. Anybody care to guess how long that arrow is? I think they're afraid I'm going to yell at him or something. They get it wrong. It's It's not a test. Well, it's more than one mile. Yeah. 10. It's it's it's actually 50 miles. So, if you left from here and and got on I 10 and went towards Phoenix, when you get to when you get to uh uh Eloy, you've gone to 50 miles. Or if you're going to go visit Sister Hope and you get to Benson, you've gone about 50 miles. Or if you're going to stay on Oracle Road and go up Highway 87, you get to about Dudleyville. I'm sure you wanted to know that. Chapter 28. Saul is faced with another battle with the Philistines. In the north, there are mount Gilboa circled in red. He wants the Lord's will, his guidance. To me, Saul is just such a tragic character. Samuel is dead. The Um doesn't answer. They they were supposed to go to the priests and they had the arm and if the lights would flash they'd know what the Lord was telling them. He tried to do the right things. No answer. The prophets, no answer. In desperation, Saul consults a medium, sometimes called a witch at Endor. She somehow connects with the dead prophet Samuel, who tells Saul he and his sons would be killed the next day in battle with the Philistines. Chapter 29. The Philistine lords tell Akish, "We don't trust David. We don't want him up here. We're going to be fighting against his people. So, he must return to their land while they go to fight against Saul." So, in chapter 30, David returns to Ziglag, circled in yellow, his city there. It's a three days journey about, and he finds the Malachites have attacked and burnt the city, taken the women captive, including David's wives and all the children. David dramatically rescues them. Chapter 31. Saul and the Israelite forces are defeated by the Philistines at Mount Gilboa up there in red. Saul's body and the bodies of his sons are hung on the wall of Betshienne. Remember I pointed out Betian was a tiny area that had not been conquered by them. It was a stronghold to the enemy. In a daring raid, the bodies are removed by the men of Yabesh Gilead and buried there, circled in blue. Now, a parallel account of the death of Saul is found in 1 Chronicles chapter 10. That's the only mention of any kingdom in Israel prior to David in Chronicles is that one chapter and it deals with this particular thing. Chapter 31 concludes the book of 1 Samuel. Originally, I thought to continue this overview, get all the way to the end of David's life, and then dig into some of the specifics in the related Psalms, but I thought this is Bible study, not a context study with brief chapter summaries. We're at a good point to pause the summary at the death of Saul. David's now on the threshold of becoming king of a portion of Israel. He'll be crowned at age 30, so it's near the middle of his life. Well, during these early years of his life or or maybe reflecting on them later, David wrote eight specific psalms that those are psalms that mentioned they are specifically associated with this event in his life. Before we look at any of those psalms though, we need one more bit of background, one more angle of perspective. We get it from the New Testament. When Paul was recounting some of the heroes of faith in Hebrews chap 11, he wrote verse 32, "And what shall I say more? For the time would fail to tell me of Gideon hiding from the Philistines to thresh a little grain from his family, and of Bareric, who refused to do anything without Deborah accompanying him, and of Samson and his diance with Delilah. and of Jeepa whose vow cost his daughter her life. Paul's telling us to stop looking at the weaknesses we all possess. That's not what this is about. God looks beyond our flaws. He looks for something else. That something else is a gift he alone can give. He goes on and says of David also and Samuel the prophets. I've highlighted David in yellow here and the descriptions and some of the following verses that apply to David's life who through their cleverness and skill through their knowledge of doctrine political connections wealth. No, through their faith. through their faith, subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions. I used to think of Daniel when I read that line, but David when he's going to take on Goliath as me and my sling, lion, bear, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword. out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens. Skipping to verse 38, of whom the world was not worthy. They wandered in deserts and mountains and dens and caves of the earth. I never thought of David in that context till I was reading this the other day. We just read in the summaries where he hid in the forest, he hid in the caves. And these all having obtained a good report through not their merits but through the gift God gave them their faith received not the promise. God having provided some better thing for for who? for us that they without us should not be made complete, should not be made perfect. Faith is a gift, brother Lyall. Yeah. Yeah. Ephesians 2, Paul tells us, "For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is what? The gift of God." Why? Not of works, lest any man should boast. It's a gift. God is sovereign. We are not. It's only our pride or arrogance that suggests that we are. Now, let's look at some specific events in David's life. at his anointing by Samuel. We read in 1st Samuel 16 verse 11. Samuel said unto Jesse, "Are here all thy children?" And he said, "Well, there remainth yet the youngest, and he's out keeping the sheep." Samuel said to Jesse, "Send and fetch him. Will not sit down till he come hither." And Jesse sent and brought David in. Now he was ready. That means he had a reddish complexion and with all of the beautiful countenance, literally with fine eyes and goodly to look to. He was a handsome young man. And the Lord said, "Arise, anoint him, for this is he." Then Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brethren. And the spirit of the Lord came upon David. Other translations many say that spirit of the Lord fell upon David with power from that day forward. So Samuel rose up and went to his home in Rama. From this and other statements, we know that David's background was as a shepherd. He looked after, cared for his flock. Jesus likened himself as the good shepherd. From that perspective, David worshiped the Lord with the song he wrote, one with which we're all familiar. It was not written after or associated with any particular event, but from his background as a shepherd. Turn your Bibles if you wish to the book of Psalms number 23. You probably can recite it without even looking. We used to have himnels in the pockets in the back of what we used to have pews. The word translated as psalm literally means a melody. The psalms are songs. They're meant to be sung or chanted. The book of psalms then is literally a song book. And David didn't write all of it. They were written over a period. Moses wrote one of them that was 500 years before David and the last ones were about 500 years after David. So they were written over a period of about a thousand years. But David wrote a lot of them. In ancient times, people didn't have books. Scrolls were made by hand and very expensive. They didn't even have screens and projectors. Literacy was not widespread. The songs were memorized. They weren't recited. They were sung. Psalm 23. I know we're all familiar with this. A psalm, a melody of David. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Now, when I was a kid, I read this and I thought David was saying, "The Lord is my shepherd, but I don't want him." That's how my brain worked back then. Hopefully, the Lord has healed me from that. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadth me beside the still waters. And I thought sheep have to stand up to eat. He's making them lie down in their food and not letting them eat and making them drink stagnant water. Why does he treat them this way? I'm glad I'm a human and not a sheep. Well, when I was a child, I fought as a child. I did as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. So let's let's start over. A psalm of David. The Lord is my shepherd. He looks after me, protects me, takes the best possible care of me that he can. As a result, I shall not want or lack for anything, for anything which I need. If if I think I lack something, he knows what I need better than I do. He makes me to lie down in green pastures. She grants peaceful rest in a context that reminds me all is well. He leads me beside the still waters. Not stormy, churning, muddy, polluted, dangerous, but good, clean, bacteriarefree, pure water. Jesus said he'd give us water that would quench our thirst forever. He restores my soul. He comforts me when I'm stressed or in distress. He leads me. He shows me the way is safe. He doesn't send me. He goes before me in the paths of righteousness, guiding and helping me to be in right relationship with him. Why? Because I'm so smart, strong, clever, wise. No. In the end, it's all about him. It's not about me. He does it for his name's sake. Reading that I I thought back in the 50s from 53 to 61, the the president of the United States was Dwight David Eisenhower. He used to keep a lengthy keychain on his desk. When asked about it, he said words to this effect. It's a reminder of leadership. You can't push the chain from behind. It just gets tangled up. You have to lead it and it will follow. He leadth me in the paths of righteousness. Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, will all eventually walk through that valley, I will fear no evil, even if I know it's present, near, trying to snatch me. And why am I calm? For thou, my Lord, my shepherd, you're with me. Your rod and your staff, they guide and protect and comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me. You take care of me even when I'm in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil. My cup runs over. Lord, you truly are all we need regardless of the circumstances. As a result of my life experiences with you and what your word tells me, and you confirm in my heart by your spirit, I have confidence that surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. And after my life ends here on earth, I will dwell in the house. I will forever be a part of the family of the Lord forever. David knew what it meant to be a shepherd. He viewed the Lord and his relationship to the Lord in that light, that perspective, that that training the Lord was giving him for his future work. Now, his his relationship with the Lord was not only from the perspective of his shepherd, but it included that role as an aspect of the relationship. In the early part of our marriage, Heather and I traveled to New Zealand, and we were privileged to stay with Brother Reg Surl. He would often remind us, "A sheep does not have to work at bearing wool. It bears wool because it's a sheep, not because it's trying to be a sheep." He had apple trees in his yard. He'd point out, "An apple tree bears apples because it's an apple tree." Apple trees don't fight if you pick an apple. Neither do sheep fight when they're shown their wool. They just keep bearing wool. When our oldest son and his family lived in Christ Church, New Zealand in the late 90s and early 2000s, they attended a church whose pastor, Brother Greg Alfred, had been a shepherd for many years before the Lord called him into ministry. You can see the impact of that background in his approach to shephering people in his church. kind, gentle yet firm. Teaching, affirming, a ministry of reaching out and understanding, forming community within the congregation, and as a congregation, reaching out to the local community. We may come back to the training God provided for David as a shepherd in a later part of this series. But getting back to David, you might wonder, well, brother Ly, if we're going to be picking a psalm now that's in the earliest part of David's life for which there is a psalm identified with an event, what might that event be? His anointing to be king by Samuel, killing a lion or a bear, attacking his father's sheep, playing music to soothe Saul. Oh, maybe it's the showdown with Goliath. No, it's about a trap set for David by Saul. Let's read 1st Samuel 19. And Saul spake to Jonathan his son, and to all his servants that they should kill David. Jonathan defends David to Saul. Skipping to verse six. Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan. And Saul swore, "As the Lord lives, he shall not be slain." And Jonathan called David, gave him the good news, showed him all these things, and Jonathan brought David to Saul. And David was in Saul's presence as in times past. And there was war again. David went out, fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter. And the Philistines fled from David. And the evil spirit from the Lord was upon Saul. Evil spirit from the Lord. And he sat in his house with his javelin and his spear in his hand. And David played soothing music for Saul with his hand on his harp. And Saul sought to smite David into the wall with a javelin. David slipped away out of Saul's presence as the javelin's throne and the javelin went right into the wall. David fled, escaped to his home. That night, Saul also sent messengers. Now, sometimes we see messengers and angels and so forth, but these are not angels. These are assassins. Sent messengers unto David's house to watch him and to kill him in the morning. And Michael, David's wife, who loved him, became aware of the plan and told David, saying, "David, if thou save not thy life tonight, tomorrow you're going to be killed." So Michael risked her life, risked the wrath of her unstable, bipolar father, Saul, and she let David down through a window. And David went and fled and escaped. And Michael took an image. Other translations say a a household god or an idol kind of a thing. And laid it in the bed and put a pillow of goat's hair for his bolster. His head had a pillow and covered it with a cloth. Put a bed spread over it. Looked like somebody sleeping in the bed. And when Saul sent messengers to take David, Michael said, "Oh, he can't come right now. He's sick. Saul sent messengers again to see David, saying, "Bring him up to me in the bed that I may kill him." And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed and an idol with a pillow of goat's hair for its pillow, for its bolster. And Saul said unto Michael, "Why hast thou deceived me so? And son away mine enemy that he's escaped." And Michael answered, "Saul, he he said unto me, let me go. Why should I kill?" He was going to kill me if I didn't find a way for him to get out of here. So David fled and escaped and came to Saul Samuel to Rama and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelt in Neut. David flees from Giba circled in red to Rama circled in yellow. Well, what were David's thoughts? What was going through his mind? What was in his heart? He very specifically tells us in Psalm number 59, Psalm 59, to the chief musician Baltishkith Mam of David, when Saul sent and they watched the house to kill him. So, he's identifying this specific event. We often skip the introductory words in a psalm, but they are part of it. I chose this psalm because it clearly states it's concerning the time Saul sent people to watch David's house with the intent to murder him, as we just read in 1st Samuel 19. One reason that we often skip over these remarks is because they're strange words and for some reason the translators didn't bother to translate those words. What does alt mean? Or is that the name of the chief musician? What is a m mix m? How do you pronounce these anyway? What is that? Alter is literally not to spoil or ruin. Do not destroy. In this case, it's taken to mean the title of a song or tune familiar at the time this was written titled do not destroy. Some Bibles may say to the chief musician to the tune of do not destroy. Mikam literally an inscription. It's taken to mean a poem. Of course, it loses much of its poetic form when translated from Hebrew. So, this is telling us that that it's to the chief musician to the tune of do not destroy as a poem of David. The majority of this psalm, the first 15 verses are David's appeal to the Lord and his feelings and desires regarding those who are trying to destroy him. The last two verses are his response to all of this and show not his attitude toward his enemies, but his heart toward God. Let's read. Deliver me from my enemies, oh my God. Defend me. Make me safe from them that rise against me. Deliver me from the workers of iniquity. Save me from men of bloodshed. For lo, they lie and wait for my life. The mighty are gathered. They scheme against me, not for my transgression, nor for my sin, oh Lord. They run and prepare themselves without my fault. David declares his innocence that would require such treatment, not his sinlessness. But there's another lesson here. His enemies are preparing, working with diligence and zeal to accomplish their task. I sometimes wonder when I look in the mirror, which I try not to do very often. Do I see zeal or do I instead see complacency in the person that's looking back at me in the mirror? We can learn not only from David but from those who rang themselves against him. Awake to help me and behold rise toward me and see. Thou therefore, oh Lord God, God of hosts, the God of Israel. David's appealing to God on several levels. As as Yahweh, the self-existent one, the true God. As Elohim Savote, the the Lord of heaven's armies, the Lord of hosts. As Eloh is, the God of the covenant people, God of Israel, three names, one God. Awake to visit all the heathen. Be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Saha. say law is literally to lift up, to exalt. It means stop. Consider what's just been said. They return at evening. They make a noise, muttering and growling like a dog, and go round about the city. Dog is a derisive porative term. Behold, they belch out with their mouth. See how they slather at the mouth. These two verses express their relentless determination to find David and kill him. Swords are in their lips. Note to self, watch your words. They can be very harmful, even deadly. For who say they do hear? But thou, oh Lord, shall laugh at them? Thou shalt have all the heathen in derision. Because of the Lord's strength will I wait upon thee. For God is my defense. The complete Jewish Bible says, "My strength I will watch for you. For God is my fortress. The God of my mercy, steadfastness, loving kindness shall prevent, that's another King James word, shall meet me. God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies. Gaze and triumph at my foes. Slay them not, lest my people forget. Instead, scatter them by power and bring them down, oh Lord, our shield. Again, appealing to the Lord is his defense. For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips, let them even be taken in their what's that word? Pride, and for cursing and lying, which they speak. We continue to see David's natural human desire to see his enemies vanquished and destroyed. He builds his case to the Lord for his divine intervention and judgment. Consume them in wrath. Consume them that they may not be and let them know that God rules in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Say, sorry I got behind. Oops, wrong button. There we go. At evening, let them return. Let them make a noise like a dog and go round about the city. Let them wander up and down for meat and growl if they be not satisfied. He's not thinking kind thoughts towards the people that are trying to kill him. I think it's pretty understandable. But in many ways, this desire for vengeance and retribution is disturbing. Aren't we supposed to love our enemies, do good to them? Yet the Lord has reserved for himself vengeance on his enemies. David is exposing his very human nature. He's being we might refer to as authentic and transparent. And keep in mind, it is Torah law often harsh. That's the standard, the religious and legal context in which David lives and functions. And now let's see David's heart toward the Lord in and in spite of his difficulties. But I will remember, ponder, meditate. No, I will sing of thy power, thy might, thy strength. Yay, I will murmur, hum quietly. No, I will sing aloud. The word there is literally, I will shout with joy of thy mercy. In the morning I'll survive this night, for thou hast been my defense and refuge in the day of my trouble. Unto thee, oh my strength. God is David's strength. Not his arm, his sword, his shield, his physical prowess, his warrior skills, not his courage, not his ability, but to God will I sing. And again, the word translated sing is yet a different word. It means literally make music. To God will I make music. For God is my defense, my stronghold, and the God of my mercy, goodness, kindness, my steadfast God. In this event of Saul sending a hit squad to trap and kill David, we see several things. His wife, Michael, demonstrates her love for her husband by warning him of her father's plans to have David killed. At great risk to herself, she helps David escape and then stalls the assassination team, giving David time to flee. David, depending on the Lord, rushes to Samuel the prophet. He doesn't try to round up a counter-strike force. He's depending on the Lord. In the psalm, we see his frustration. I've done nothing to deserve this. Saul swore he wouldn't make further attempts on my life. And while I'm trying to soothe him with the best music I can create, he throws a spear at me, then sends a hit team to surround my house and kill me. I'm not sinfree, but I'm not guilty of anything to deserve this kind of treatment. He desires the Lord to take vengeance and destroy those that are trying to destroy him. We'll see throughout this period of David's life till the death of Saul that David will never lift his hand against Saul. He will never do it. He's God's anointed. God chose him. God made him king. He's misbehaving. He's doing badly. He's not treating me right. This is a really bad guy. Wasn't my candidate that won the election. Whatever. Nonetheless, he is not going to raise his hand against the one that God put in. He recognizes he is powerless in this situation. And regardless of the outcome, whichever way it goes, he will sing praises to God. He will make music. He will shout for joy in the morning. The musicians could please return. Regardless of the outcome of his petition to the Lord, persecution, lies, and slander directed at him, David will sing praises to God. Perhaps Paul thought of this psalm or one like it as he wrote to the church at Ephesus from his prison in Rome. Ephesians 5 verse 18. Be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but instead be filled with the spirit, speaking to yourselves in what? Psalms, hymns, spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. Giving thanks when things go your way. Uh, no, Justin doesn't say. Giving thanks always for what? for all things unto God and the Father and the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Just like David appealed to Yahweh and Elohim Savote and Eloh Israel in the psalm we just read. One God, submitting yourselves one to another. That's hard on the pride. Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. giving thanks always be filled with the spirit singing and making melody to the Lord like David a man after God's own heart as we close this portion of tonight's service let's stand together and let's sing give thanks with a grateful heart certainly a take-home from this song give I'm going to need some help. The grateful heart give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am great because of what the Lord has done for us. give thanks. I wonder as brother Ly was up there and he was tying the psalm into what had taken place when David said, "Deliver me from mine enemies, oh God. Oh my God, defend me from them that rise up against me. Deliver me from the workers of iniquity and save me from bloody men. For lo, they lie and wait for my soul. The mighty are gathered against me. Not for my transgression, nor for my sin, oh Lord, they run and prepare themselves without my fault. Awake to help me. And behold, I wonder this psalm. We know what it was written about. I wonder if David was there. And as Saul's armies, Saul's men began to surround him. I wonder if that's the moment that he pinned this psalm. I wonder if that's the moment that he he took a an animal skin maybe and and wrote it down or I wonder if he was recalling this later on. We'll never know here on earth, but one day maybe we can ask him in heaven. I'm looking forward to that story. Brother Aaron and brother Ly and I were rejoicing before um we came out here thinking about maybe talking to some of these these prophets and these these great people in the Bible and and hearing the stories firsthand. But I wonder I wonder if that psalm was written in the moment that David was in fear and he just jotted down this prayer or if it was written after the fact. I don't know. But it's beautiful. It's David is a he was a great man. things that David [Music] did were great man after God's own heart. And as brother Ly digs deeper in, and we say it all the time, a very, very flawed man. But wow, really, who's greater than David? Who is greater than that man? Brother David Manasi Kenya. Brother David, can you come up and close? My brother, [Music] amazing [Music] grace shall be my song of praise. For it was great that was my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me. So he loved beyond my fault. and saw my name. I shall [Music] forever lift my eyes to hell to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous has the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall and all I [Music] need. Let's go before the Lord in prayer. Our dear gracious heavenly father, we are very thankful dear Lord God to come before you this particular evening dear Lord God just to worship you in truth and in spirit of thy word dear Lord God. Father God, we are still looking upon you, dear Lord God, that you continue revealing yourself to us throughout the eternity. Dear Lord God, we humb ourselves into thy presence. Dear Lord God, expecting dear Lord God that thy Holy Ghost, your spirit of love, dear Lord God, may come in us dear Lord God and quicken our mortal bodies into the subjection of thy word, dear Lord God. Father God, I commit your children now into your hands. Dear Lord God, we've heard from thy servant, dear Lord God, whom you anointed to serve thy people. Dear Lord God, may you continue to model his life into our lives. Dear Lord God, dear Lord God, we may do only which is according to thy will, dear Lord God, but not according to our will, dear Lord God. Father God, we also need a people, we have various needs, the flesh, dear Lord God, spiritual needs and physical needs, dear Lord God. We ask you kindly the Lord who knoweth all these needs, dear Lord God, that you may come and grant to each one of those needs, dear Lord God, according to thy holy will, dear Lord God. Father God, we're just coming to the end of this fellowship and we ask you kindly that as we leave this place, dear Lord God, let your holy presence be in us. Go with us, dear Lord God, and guide us along the way, dear Lord God. If it's your will, dear Lord God, that there will be another time of coming together again for the worship of thy word, we shall praise you, Father God, and our spirits shall lift you up in satisfaction and in praise to thy holy name, dear Lord God. For unto this purpose you brought us into this world to praise you and to worship you, dear Lord God. We remember you, Father God in everything that we do. And we ask you kindly that let your holy blessings be upon us, be upon our loved ones, dear Lord God, that we may watch over them in whichever situation they may be in. Dear Lord God, we thank you so much dear Lord God for this evening and we ask this prayer humbly and trusting in the holy and mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was great that bought my liberty. [Music] I do not know just why he came to love me. So he looked beyond my faults and saw my need. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that go my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall and saw my need. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I looked back there and I said, "Brother David," and there's two Davids standing in line. Both of them looked at me like, "You're going to have to go a little further on your explanation there, Brother Daniel." God bless you, brothers and sisters. Looking forward to continuing on with this great warrior, David. And uh come prepared this Sunday if if the Lord's willing this Sunday evening. I I would like to have a testimony service. Brother Paul Murray shared a testimony with me earlier today. I thought, you know, the congregation really needs to hear that. And I know that all of us, the Lord's always doing something special in all of our lives. So, come ready, man, woman, boy, or girl, to give praises to God through a testimony that the Lord's given to you. Let's do that this Sunday evening, and we'll have our normal service this Sunday morning. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Your discs 34 [Music] Now, this this song right here that brother Aaron's about to see sing this one was written after the fact because he said, "And he heard me." It's a great testimony. Brother Aaron, I was hoping that you'd sing this. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from [Music] everything. Those who look on him are rad. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. This warm and cry. And the Lord heard me and he saved me for my eny. The son of God won't surround to sing. He will deliver thee. He will deliver them. Magnify the Lord with me. Come and exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he that guided him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye save. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come and exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. [Music] Forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our insp let us bless the Lord every day and never ending praise. They are in sense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. I'll exalt his name forever. [Music] David wrote it. Wow. He was great. That that man is an inspiration. As brother Lyall was was starting his sermon and he started naming all the things that David was. Wow. What a man. What a man. And 2,000 years later, what is it? What is it? How many years later? Yeah. About 3,000 years later or so, we're still singing his songs. Tell me what music Tell me what artist today can say that they go away after a little while. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Pray the Lord will be with you this week. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
