################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-09 - Put on the New Man Pt2 (Colossians 3) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-09
Title:   Put on the New Man Pt2 (Colossians 3): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1NqLnTzOXg
========================================

[Music] and just a closer walk with thee. And granted, Jesus is my plea. And daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. And I am weak, but thou art strong. And Jesus, keep me from all wrong. And I'll be satisfied as long. And as I walk, let me walk close to thee and just a closer walk with thee. And granted, Jesus is my plea. and daily walking close to [Music] thee. Oh, let it be, dear. Oh, let it be. Oh, went through this world of toes and snakes. And if I fall through a Lord who cares and do with me my burden shares. Oh none but thee, dear Lord, none but thee. Oh, and just a closer walk with thee. And great Jesus is my plea. And daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear. Lord, let it be. And when my feeble life is over in time for me will be no more. And guide me gently, safely, oh into thy kingom shore. to thy shore and just a closer walk with thee and granted Jesus is my plea and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters, this morning. Um, the little kids Sunday school can go ahead and be dismissed, but we do not have an older kids Sunday school this morning. Awesome. Let's stand up. Let's get the blood moving this morning. [Music] In light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me [Music] see the beauty that made this heart adore you in hope of a life spent with you. Let's sing that one more time. And light of the world, you step down into darkness. No my eyes. Let me see. And beauty that made this heart adore you and hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me and king of all days. Oh, so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. And humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake, became Lord. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs. And to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs. And to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs. And to see my sins upon that cross. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to him. Amen. He's wonderful this [Applause] morning. You may be seated. When he moves among us, all that he does and all of his mercies and all of his love. If a pin of a rider could ride every day and even this world could never contain. Oh, how I've been blessed. And warmth in the winter and flowers in spring and laughter at summer and changing of leaves and food on my table. a good place to sleep and clothes on my back and shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been blessed and I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. the way I can count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. And God has been good and so good. I have been blessed. [Music] And arms that can raise, a voice that can talk, and hands that can touch. And legs that can walk, and ears that can listen, and eyes that can see. Oh, I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. Oh, I have been blessed. A mother and father who nurtured and raised and sisters and brothers and memories made. Our pastor to lead us, his altar to pray, and stripes that can heal and blood that still saves. Oh, I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count. Then there's not enough time. And so I'll just thank him for being so good. And God has been good. been so good. I have been blessed. And he's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he hides me when I'm overwhelmed. The place where he under his wings. It's not just a song. He's the reason I sing. Oh, I have been blessed. And I have been blessed. God so good to me. And precious are his thoughts of you and me. The way I can count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. And God has been good. So good. Oh, I have been blessed. Amen. Have you been blessed this morning? [Applause] If we could stand up and the brothers make way for the prayer request and offerings. We are going to do Psalms 34. [Music] And I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. And those look on him are [Music] radants. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my enemy. And the son of God and surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he and who hides in him. And oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Music] forever. And let us bless the [Music] Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incenses rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our hins rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. lay our hands dry. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. It says, "Oh, taste and see." Doesn't say to window shop. It doesn't say to walk around the table and say, "It looks good." It says, "Taste and see. That's up to you. He's provided everything. So, there were no written requests, but I asked brother Ed how his sister Lori was doing. Okay. And um she's going in intensive rehab now. And if all things work well, she'll be coming down to Tucson at the end of the month. I know for the family that'll be wonderful. says, "Pray for Sister Clara. She has stage 4 kidney disease and is currently in the hospital." Okay. And there's nothing too hard for our Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Lord, how many times have we've come and we've gathered and we've sat in our chairs or we we stood but we really didn't participate. We didn't take what you've offered us Lord. You didn't say come and see. You said come and take be part of Lord. So everyone here this morning Lord let us come Lord let them receive from you and take Lord what they have need of as you offer it. Lord, you you've come and and it shows in the scripture. You said, "What will you have?" And they asked and they received. Lord, Lord, this sister that is with kidney disease, Lord, there's nothing impossible for you. There was a man in the tomb for three days that had been dead and you called him out and he came out. He was alive. Lord, nothing impossible for you. You know each heart. You know each need. You know each desire. Lord, even Lord, as as we draw and you would anoint your servant to minister this morning, may we receive what we have need of, Lord. And as I take up the offering, may we be cheerful givers and may it be used, Lord, for what it is needed for. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Also, tonight we are not going to have a uh a singing and worship service, a praise and worship service. Sorry. We're going to postpone that till next week. We're still going to have service tonight. I think dad is going to talk and we might have a baptism. [Music] Amen. Away. And I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away and I give myself away and I give myself away so you can use me. You may be seated. And here I am. And here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. And Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. And I give myself away. I give myself away. And I give myself away so you can use me. And I give myself away. And I give myself away. And I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart and take my life as a living sacriice and all my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands and I give myself away. And I give myself away. And I give myself away so you can use me. And I give myself away. And I give myself away. And I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. And my life is not my own. To you I belong. Oh, I give myself I give myself to you. And I give myself away. I give myself away. And I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. And I give myself away. And I give myself away. So you can use me. And I give myself away. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. [Music] God sent his [Music] son. They called him Jesus. He came to love here and for a newborn [Music] baby and feel the pride and joy he gives. the greater [Music] still the calur. And this child can face uncertain days because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And then one [Music] day all cross that river all five lives find no war with pain. All [Music] see gives way to victory. [Music] I'll see the lights of glory. And I'll know he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, all fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and life is worth living just because he lives. Amen. He lives this morning. He lives inside of each one of us. It's amazing. [Applause] Could we stand up this morning? Oh, I'll raise a [Music] hallelujah in the presence of my enemies. I'll raise a [Music] hallelujah and louder than the unbeliever I'll raise a [Music] hallelu my weapon is a [Music] melody I'll raise a hallelu Halleluah. And heaven comes to fight for me. Oh, I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm and louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise. And death is defeated. The king is [Music] alive. I'll raise a [Music] hallelu with everything inside of me. I'll raise a [Music] hallelu and I will watch the darkness flee. I'll raise a [Music] hallelu in the middle of the mystery. I'll raise a hallelu. Oh, in fear. You lost your hold on me. And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. And louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise and death is defeated. The king is alive. [Music] And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. And louder and louder, you're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise. And death is defeated. The king is alive. [Music] I'll raise a [Music] hallelujah with everything inside of me. And gra and I will watch the darkness flee. I'll raise a [Music] hallelujah in the middle of the mystery. I'll raise a hallelujah in fear. You lost your hold on me. Let's pray. Lord, we raise a hallelujah to you. give you praise, Lord, for your goodness, how your hand has been upon us. Father, you brought us to church this morning. Lord, we pray that you would be welcome in our congregation. And Father, that you would speak to hearts, answer questions, and Lord, that your presence would be among us. Grant, Lord, give me wisdom as I open up this book of Colossians and continue on. Father, may your blessings be upon everything that I say this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. And bless you. Welcome. Hey, uh let's see any visitors except Elijah and Danielle. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to see you again. You uh you're here at Wednesday night service. It's nice. It's nice to see you again. God bless you. Um, we've been going through the book of Colossians and, uh, Brother Jordan, I'm sorry. Could you turn my monitor down just a hair? Thank you. Um, we've been going through the book of Colossians and um, it's been just I hope it's been a blessing to you because it's really been a blessing to me and going through and digging into this letter. It was written of course by the apostle Paul. It uh it was it was written when he was in prison and it's to a group of people that he has probably never met before. It me the letter mentions a man named Epaparis who was probably the pastor of this church at Colassi. These are new Christians that this letter is written to. They probably most of them were gentile. And the apostle Paul is explaining what it means to be a Christian. And friends, we can grow up maybe in a church or grow up with a good family. And you might realize you might be 20 years old, 30 years old, 50 years old. You might even be 70 years old. And you might realize, you know, I grew up with a church doctrine, but I I don't know really what it means to be a Christian. In this book, this letter to the Colossians, Paul is explaining what it means. He's explaining that that this is everything. And friends, it is everything. I pray that when I leave this world and when you leave this world that we can look back and meet people over on the other side that might say, "I learned what it was to be be a Christian at the Tucson Tabernacle." Those people represented Jesus Christ well and I learned how to live a life and I learned what Jesus Christ did for me. Daniel sang that song, my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself away so you can use me. It's a beautiful I think that is one of the most perfect songs that he could have sang for this that this being a Christian is it's giving your life taking off the old person the old sinful person and putting on a whole new person. Chapter one uh Paul gives an introduction and then he emphasizes the deity and the preeminence and the supremacy of this man Jesus Christ. He says this. He says that he is the invisible. He is the image of the invisible God. He is what God looks like. He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn over all creation. For by him all things were created that are in heaven and that are on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created through him and for him. He is before all things and in him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he may have the preeminence. Chapter one, Paul is introducing this man, Jesus Christ. He's not just a prophet. He is God in flesh. And then in chapter two, Paul warns of of things that either have entered the church or may enter the church in the future. Paul warns of legalism. He warns of other religious influences from other sources, not necessarily Jewish sources, but other sources that could turn these people's eyes away from the Lord Jesus and to a religious belief and not to their their savior. He says this, "Therefore, if you died with Christ from the basic principles of the world, why as though living in the world, do you subject yourselves to regulations, do not touch, do not taste, do not handle, which all things which all concern things which perish with using according to the commandments and the doctrines of men. These things indeed have an appearance of appearance of wisdom and self-imposed religion, false humility, and the neglect and neglect of the body, but are of no value against the indulgence of the flesh. So he's telling the audience, don't just cover up their weaknesses. Don't just cover up your sins with religion, but attack the root of of the problem. And then in chapter three, Paul takes the foundation that he laid earlier and he encourages the reader to apply what he has said to their own lives. He tells them to put off the old man of sin and put on and put on a new man. We've got through I believe last week we got through the first nine verses. So I want to go back and review a little bit. I want to go through the first nine view verses. We'll go quickly in chapter 3 and then we'll uh see how the time is and we'll spend the remainder of the time on chapter 3 and I don't know how far we'll get but let's go to chapter 3 verse one. Colossians chapter 3 verse one. And it uh it reads, it reads like this. If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, and not on things of the earth. For you are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory. Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth, fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupisence, and covetousness, which is idolatry. For which things sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience, in the which ye also walked some time when you lived in them. So this review from last, this is a review from last week, but I feel like I should just spend a little bit more time on these things that Paul said. I'll read uh I'll read that read that again. Therefore, put to death, mortify, put to death your members which are on the earth. Fornication, that's sex outside of wedlock, outside of marriage, uncleanness, which is impurity. Passion, which is lust, evil concupisence, that word doesn't exist today. It's it's old English, but it's evil desires and covetousness. wanting something that is not yours, also called greed, which is idolatry. Anything that takes the place of God in your life is idolatry is what Paul is trying to say here. Gre greed or desiring something that is not yours easily consumes our thoughts, easily consumes our desires. I talked about David last week and how David coveted another man's wife and those thoughts led to actions and those actions they they led to um adultery. They led to uh um conceiving a child. The child died and it it just led to all kinds of problems with this coveting someone else, someone else's property back then. I don't mean a wife's property, but I mean coveting another man's wife or something that someone else has. Because of these things, because of these things, the wrath of God is coming upon the sons of disobedience in which you yourselves once walked when you lived in them. So most of the things that I just read are talking about sexual immorality. And you know, talking with my kids over the years with Daniel and Meline, the really the number one issue with young people with growing up, the number one thing that causes problems is living immorally. And it causes it can cause you problems for the rest of your life. And Paul here, he's saying that now you came out of the world and you may have done these things before, but there's grace there. And Paul's not condemning anyone for doing that, but he's saying, "You came out of this world, now don't do it anymore." He cares for the audience. And he's saying he's saying this not through legalism, not through rules, but through love. He's telling them, "I want I want to protect you from these things. I went through these last week and and let's continue on. Verse number eight. But now you also put off these things. So put off. Okay. Now that I've told you about this immorality, now keep going and put off these things. Anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. Anger. He said, "Watch your temper." He says, "You He says, "Be careful with this." Now, you can't help it if somebody makes you angry. I understand that. We're human beings. You can't you can't help it. You might not have had your coffee this morning. And and brother Jonathan, that's a bad thing. Some for some people. You just you're grumpy. You might have had a hard day at work. You might just be in a bad mood. Ask my wife. She She knows her husband is gets in just a bad mood sometimes. But it's the Bible says in Ephesians 4:26, it says, "Be angry and sin not." So he's saying the Apostle Paul also wrote this letter to the Ephesians. He says that yeah, you you can be angry. You can't help that, but don't act on that an anger. Don't sin. and do not let the sun go down on your wrath. And if you have a newer translation, a new King James or many other translations, you'll see that that those words are in quotes. Paul is quoting a psalm in Ephesians. He's quoting Psalm 4, verse 4. The King James says, "Stand in awe and sin not." That wording just simply does not mean the same thing today as it did when it was written in the original Hebrew and when it was translated in English a few hundred years ago. The amplified version of that says, "Tremble with anger or fear and do not sin. Meditate in your heart upon your bed and be still. Reflect on your sin and repent of your rebellion." Cila, the New King James says, "Be angry and sin not. Meditate within your heart on your bed and be still and put your trust in the Lord." Again, the Apostle Paul is quoting that when he writes in Ephesians, "Be angry and do not sin. Do not let the sun go down on your wrath." You might not be able to prevent getting angry, but when you get angry, don't act upon that anger. Now, you do have 100% control of what you do. You can't help the feelings that you get, but you have 100% control on your what you do. Um, when you experience those feelings, I was talking earlier, Brother Jordan and I were were in the front and we were talking about that there are there's a spiritual battle going on all the time. There are spiritual influences, supernatural things going on in our life. There are heavenly things influencing us right now. There are heavenly things influencing us, influencing us. The kingdom of heaven is there. And then there are dark evil things influencing us also. That is the kingdom of darkness. You might not be able to help when you have a feeling, but you 100% control your an your actions in response to those those those um that stimulant. And it always almost and almost always what comes out of your mouth shows if you have given into the powers of heaven or if you've given into the powers of darkness. James chapter 3 verse 5. I'll read the New King James version. He said, "Even so, the tongue is a little member and boasts great things. See how great a forest a little fire kindles." You start a fire in the forest and the wind kicks up, especially this time of year, and it can burn thousands or tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of acres and kill people with just a little spark. And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity. The tongue is so set among our members that it defiles the whole body and sets on fire the course of nature and is set on fire by hell. It is influenced by the powers of darkness. For every kind of beast and bird, reptile and creature of the sea is tamed and has been tamed by mankind. But no man can tame the tongue. It is an unruly evil full of deadly poison. With it we bless our God and Father, and with it we curse men who have been made in the simultude of God. Out of the same mouth proceeds blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not to be so. Does a spring send forth fresh water and bitter from the same opening? Can a fig tree, my brethren, bear olives, or a grape vine, bear figs? Thus, no spring yields both salt, water, and fresh. He's saying here, you're one or the other. You can't have filth coming out of your mouth and the words of God. And that explanation will cover the sins that Paul lists over here in Colossians. Let's go back to 3:8. anger, wrath, which is rage, malice, wanting something bad to happen to someone. When you say, "Watch what happens to that person after they've done something wrong or wronged you or wronged a church," you may say that you don't desire something bad to happen, but you are really desiring evil to happen to that person. If someone wrongs you or someone wrongs the church or someone says something they shouldn't and you say just watch what happens, you're actually wanting malice. You you're actually feeling malice for that person. Blasphemy in this context, blasphemy is slander. It's a false statement that damages a person's reputation and filthy communication out of your mouth. It's dirty language. As I said last week, to me that is the best way to identify if someone is serving the Lord or if someone is not. What is the topic of their conversation? Are they talking about the Lord? Are they swearing and talking evil? Are that's when Peter when when Jesus was being crucified and Peter was afraid, he didn't want to be associated with Jesus because he thought that he was going to be persecuted. He thought he was going to be in prison. What did he do to disassociate himself with Jesus? He started swearing. Therefore, trying to take himself away, to disconnect himself from this man called Jesus Christ. Verse number nine, lie not one to another, seeing that you have put off the old man with you have put off the old man with his deeds. This is where I stopped last week. So Paul tells us of getting rid of im immorality, getting rid of dirty living, getting rid of your temper, getting rid of wrath, getting rid of malice, slander, dirty language. Might identify with Legion, the one that had the demons cast out of them. They might identify with that thief that was on the cross that had lived a bad life his whole life. And then right at the end, God Jesus Christ saved him right at the end. They might identify with Peter with his cursing to separate himself with from Jesus. People here in our room today. And then there's others, there's people in this church that might identify with the self-righteous ones, never open to anything from God if it didn't line up with their doctrines and legalistic. They would judge someone else's walk with the Lord by their outward appearance, the way they were dressed. That spirit is much harder to break than the immoral spirit. But there are those here that can identify with that spirit also. Maybe with Nicodemus the priest, maybe with the Apostle Paul who was very straight laced, very legalistic and yet a sinner. There are many of us that can relate to him or even to Peter. Peter, he gets to be on both sides here. When Peter when he had that vision on the on the rooftop and and he was given things to eat, he was hungry and he was given things to eat that were previous unclean. He says, "Lord, nothing unclean has ever entered into my body. Nothing unclean unclean has ever came into my mouth. I'm too good for that, Lord." The Lord said, "Peter, why do you make unclean what I have made clean?" So, we can identify. Think about it now. Who do you identify with? Do you identify with Mary Magdalene in those that group or do you identify with Paul and that group? If you have changed your life, you can probably identify with one or both of those groups. Both of those types of sinners are represented here in our congregation this morning. A spirit once that spirit is gone, it's replaced with compassion for those maybe who get on our nerves. It's replaced with a spirit of love for those remember the time this was written 2,000 years ago. This is a Roman Empire. There was slavery back then. It was a part of life 2,000 years ago. We'll get into that a little bit later in the book. The Greeks and the Romans, they had immoral practices. They had immoral living. They worshiped idols. They worshiped false gods. They worshiped Zeus and Apollo and Aries and Hercules and Diana and all this. They did all this weird stuff. And they lived immorally. And the Jews, they had been taught for about 2,000 years that they should not mix with the Gentiles. They shouldn't worship with them. They shouldn't even touch them, shake their hand because they were unclean. The Gentiles basically they were anyone who wasn't a Jew and they ate unclean animals. They they touched unclean things. They didn't wash properly. They lived immorally. the barbarians. He mentions the barbarians. They were a nomadic people from from up north like in southern Russia. And they were probably um they were considered wild, considered immoral, considered crazy warlike people. And the schyians that he's me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me mentioning there are a certain type of barbarian that they rode horses in battle and they were usually even more fierce than the barbarians more wild sinful than these normal barbarians. And back then the Jews probably considered these people more animal than they did human. The Jews, at least in their own mind, they were God's chosen people. They believed the laws of the prophets. They lived clean lives. They didn't mix with other races. And they were they were just different than the Gentiles. And friends, when we judge someone based on their skin color or where they go to church or the clothes that they wear, then we should also take the correction from this apostle that he's giving us in this book of Colossians. If someone accepts Jesus Christ as their savior and has a desire for a better better life, then they have my right hand of fellowship. Then I welcome them. Catholic or Protestant. Calvary Chapel, Zion City, Baptist, Lutheran, really Baptist, Lutheran or message, poor or rich, educated or uneducated. You friends are my brother or my sister. If you believe on this one that Paul was trying to teach this man, Jesus Christ. Verse number 11 again. Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, barbarian, schyian, bond or free, but Christ is all and in all. Jesus Christ is what matters, not division. Couple verses before put Paul says, "Put off all this immorality and anger and malice and and prejudice." I uh so I I searched what really prejudice means. We all have a probably an understanding. So, I put it in Microsoft Copilot AI and and it said this, an unfair and unreasonable opinion or feeling typically formed without sufficient thought or knowledge. Additionally, prejudice can be seen as a bias or preconceived opinion about someone based on their membership in a particular group. Apply that in a religious sense. Prejudice, prejudice, pre prejudging. Paul says, "Don't do it." If you visit a church or another church and they don't look like you, they don't talk like you, they don't act like you, maybe they're from a different demographic, we don't judge. And Paul is saying that very plainly right here. He says there's no separation with God. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering. He's saying that you are the elect of God, holy and beloved. Now, put on mercies and kindness, humbleness of mind. Don't think that you have it all figured out because of your religion. Be humble in your mind, willing to change, and willing to learn something outside of your comfort zone. That's how you make progress with the Lord. That's how I make progress with the Lord. New Living Translation of verse 12 says this. Since God chose you to be holy people he loves, you must clothe yourselves with tenderhearted mercy, kindness, humility, gentleness, patience. Now listen to this verse number 13. forbearing one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. As Christ forgave you, so also forgive others. This is a hard one. This is really tough for certain people. I remember when my my kids when they were growing up, they were allowed to say certain things and they weren't allowed to say certain things and I tell them I tell them a story and the the biggest insult they could pay each other something they were allowed to say was what? No, hypocrite. Oh man, that was like that was the ultimate thing that they could say without getting in trouble. I'd read the scriptures and and Daniel, he couldn't talk and and he'd say he'd say, "Daddy, Meline, Jesus, a blind Pharisee hypocrit." Quoting quoting Jesus, blind Pharisee, hypocrite. And Paul is saying, "Don't be that hypocrite." The definition of a hypocrite is a person who claims or pretends to have certain beliefs about what is right but behaves in a way that disagrees with those beliefs. So if you have sinned, if you have lied, if you have done any of the things that I listed earlier, if you've been dishonest, if you've done anything immoral or if if you anything that you have ever done that does not line up with the Bible or even with general morality and respect, then you have sinned against God. Christ came to take our sins upon himself so we could be delivered. That's Christianity. If you don't see sins in your life, the the Apostle John says that you're foolish. We all have sins in our life and we all come short of the glory of God. We are willing for our sins. We're willing to slap our sins on Jesus Christ and ask for forgiveness when he himself said that you that you are just forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us. Back to Colossians 3. Forbearing one another, bearing with one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. He says, if anyone has a quarrel against anyone, he doesn't say believer unbeliever. He doesn't say Christian, non-Christian. Other translations say, if one has a complaint, a complaint against another, forgiving each other. Can you imagine if that was true in us? Can you imagine if we really did that? If we really acted that way. I saw two brothers get in an argument the other day. These things happen. As I said, we're human. Those those that it happens. And the Lord sometimes will allow us to sin. He'll take his hand off of us just for a moment and he'll allow us to sin just to see what we are going to do after we catch ourselves in that sin. Are we going to are we going to dig in and say I'm right or are we going to humble down like like the Apostle Paul here says and bear with one another? They were they were arguing. and the two brothers got in an argument and then after a little while the Holy Spirit came out in both of these brethren brothers and it wasn't long both of them are saying brother I'm sorry I love you brother I I'm sorry for what I said and and please forgive me that is a real Christian when I witnessed that I just put my head down. Lord, thank you. That's a Christian. A Christian sins. We sin. We beat ourselves up for sinning. We we continue to do wrong. Brother Aaron, as as you were saying earlier today, that once once you make a change in your life, maybe once you give your heart to the Lord, that doesn't mean that things start getting easier. That doesn't mean that you stop sinning. That doesn't mean the the only thing that changes is now your desire is for God and not for Satan. And you you push yourself, Lord, I want to be better. I want to be better. And then when you make the mistake before, you would have stuck to your guns, dug in, say, "That person owes me apology." Now you go to that person and say, "Lord, say friend, I'm sorry, sister. I'm sorry. We forgive me for acting the way I acted." And you don't expect the apology from that person. You've put it under the blood. When they say when when they come back with an apology, brother, sister, I was over that the the the moment I prayed about it. Thank you for that. But we are united in perfect harmony in Jesus Christ. Again, forebearing one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do you. And above all these things, put on charity. What's charity? Love. Put on love, which is the bond of perfectness. Yesterday, I wanted to take a break from studying. So Stephanie and I uh we watched uh a um uh one of the episodes of The Chosen. And there was it was in it was the scene in Lazarus's house. Jesus is getting close to to going to Jerusalem for the final time. They were in Lazarus's house and these two priests came in and one priest starts arguing with Jesus that they should keep the the the laws of Moses and their traditions and he was really pressing that and his mind was open to Jesus. He even told him he says I want to accept you. I want to believe you but you have to follow these commandments from the prophets. And Jesus got frustrated a little bit with him. You could tell. And he says, he says, "A new commandment I give to you that you love one another." The the video was quoting John 13. A new commandment, John 13:34, "A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another as I have loved you, that you also love one another. By this all will know that you are my disciples if you have love one for another. The words of the Lord Jesus can't just wipe them away. John 15:12 Jesus again says it. This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Love one another as Jesus has loved you. How much do you think Jesus loves us? How much do you think Jesus loves you? And he says, "Love one another as Jesus has loved you." Are you counting on the love of Jesus in your life? Are you counting on the blood that was shed on the cross because of his love for you? How much did God love me? John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life. 3:17 For God did not send his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved and we condemn each other. Back to John 15:12, he says, "This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you." And seeing those two brothers who got in an argument and then seeing as that argument progressed and then seeing what it ended up, both of those brothers, listen to this, both of those brothers left better people than before. They messed up. They learned. They matured. They humbled themselves. And I tell you, I left better from what I saw. Verse number 13 again, back to Colossians. Forbearing one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. The same spirit that wrote the Bible, the book of John, the same the same Jesus Christ that said, "A new commandment I give you, love one another," is the same spirit that's on the Apostle Paul here. And he says, "Above all things, put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness." Early earlier in the chapter, Paul instructs us to put off sin, immorality, put off anger, and then he says to put off the virtue, then to put on the virtues of mercy and kindness and humbleness, meekness, longsuffering, bearing with one another, forgiving with forgiving one another. And let the peace of God, let me read the NIV of uh of ch of verse 14. And above all these virtues, put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity. taking off really the old garment that was stained by the sin of the world. taking off that old man, taking off that old Daniel Evans and putting on a new garment, a new coat that is washed in the blood of Jesus Christ and zipping it up with love, tightening it up, zipping it up with the thing that's above all, which is love. And I'll close with verse 15. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts to the which also you are called in one body. And be ye thankful and be thankful. Be thankful of what you've come out of. And if you are struggling with someone, if someone did you wrong and you're just having a hard time with that, don't let those powers of darkness rule your life. Get down on your knees and pray for that person. Pray for that church. Pray for that job. Pray for whatever it was. Get down on your knees. And then you know what? You will have the victory over them. You will have the victory over that power of darkness that has put you in bondage, suffering because of your ill will, because of of you being offended. I promise you, you will have peace and you will have the joy of Jesus Christ. And it's all built on love. It is, it is just love is everything. You can get past anything. You won't ever be offended if you love that person. And the best advice I can give, if you say, "Well, brother Daniel, I can't do it. I'm just angry. I get upset at this person did this this this did this and wrong this to me wrong get on your knees earnestly go before the Lord and pray for that person don't pray Lord open their eyes don't pray Lord Lord make let them make it right with me pray Lord have your way in their life Lord may your hand be upon them Lord bless them may they get closer to you and then put that other person in front of you just as Jesus Christ put you in front of him and we are commanded to do the same. How many a couple have have asked to be baptized? How many want to be baptized this morning? We have one Elijah. Anybody else? Melissa, you want to? God bless you. Anyone else? We have two. Okay, let's let me spend just a couple minutes on let's go back a chapter to Colossians chapter 2 verse number nine. Colossians 2:9 for in him all the fullness of in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godhead bodily talking about the Lord Jesus. So, three, a little bit of review. Three independent manifestations of God in the Trinity. That doesn't make sense right here because it said it it says it is all in this one. This one Jesus Christ. All of God dwells in Jesus Christ. And you are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power. In whom also you are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands. in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ. Uh the the worship team can come up putting off the body of sins of the flesh by circumcision of Christ. Remember it's not a book of rules you can do. It doesn't say that you can do this and you can't do that. You are circumcised. The excess skin is cut off by spiritual circumcision of from Jesus Christ. So he's saying the spirit of Christ dwells inside of you leading you every moment. So rules and laws are actually inferior. And that's what the Apostle Paul taught throughout his books. That the way that it used to be is inferior. Because now the same spirit that moved in the prophets of old to write the Old Testament, that same spirit now is inside of you. Telling you, do this, don't do that. Buried with him in baptism. So he's saying we're buried with Christ in baptism wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who hath raised him from the dead. So the same God that raised Jesus from the dead is the same God that's operating in you wanting that desire in your heart to be baptized. Listen, it's the same God that wrote the Bible, Elijah. It's the same God that inspired the prophet way and being then being brought back up a new person and you're making this commitment to change. You're making this commitment to do things different. You put off the old sinful person and you make a decision to serve God. And then he takes that decision and he quickens it. He makes it alive and he he has forgiven you of your sins through the blood. God has forgiven you his sins, your sins through the blood of Jesus Christ. And you are saying, I'm being baptized in the name of Jesus Christ because I believe him. I want a change in my life. I am now becoming a Christian. I'm not being baptized in the Tucson Tabernacle. I'm being baptized into Jesus Christ. That's why it's there's a name associated with it. That name, I read it. All the fullness of God dwells in that man. And that's why we take on that name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. You with me? You understand? Melissa Elijah, you understand? Okay. And anyone else who wants to be baptized, go back um Sister Rachel or Thank you. Um go back and meet uh the deacons back there and Sister Rachel and they will show you where where to go to be baptized. Brothers and sisters, this book of Colossians, it's written to a group of people to tell them here is what being a Christian means. And he goes from the start, he says basically this man Jesus is God. And then he goes and he says, now it's not about your works. It's not about what you can do. It's not about just pleasing yourself. It's not about following a rule and it's not about beating yourself up and making yourself sad because you don't want to ever experience any joy. It's not about that either. It is about a personal relationship, understanding and knowing this man, Christ. That's what the book of Colossians is about. And I don't know if we're ever going to finish. I only got through I don't know 10 more verses. There's only four chapters in the book. So, we'll continue on. If the Lord's willing, we'll continue on with this. But continue on studying this book. It is deep and it is good. It's got sin and it's got salvation and and it's got legalism and it's got it's got just just being serving yourself and not having any type of control over your life. That's not right either. You want to be a You want to be a prisoner to Jesus Christ. Lord, I want to be the person that you completely dominate. I want to forgive people as you forgave me. I want to love people as you loved me because that's what being a Christian is. And if you can't do it, I don't care if you were born in the message. It doesn't matter if you can't do it. You are just as much a sinner as the prostitute or the drug addict on the street. It's very the those Pharisees, they lived very very clean lives. Let me tell you something. Very few of them were saved. But then you have a Mary Magdalene. Today we have drug dealers and and criminals and and whatever sin there is coming to the Lord Jesus and changing their lives. And then you have people legalist that could never see any difference in anything. And that I am right no matter what the guy that's preaching to you right now. And I had to come to the same God, brother Manning, that you did. I had to bow down myself to the same one. And you know what? He saved us both the same. Praise God for for what he's done for us. I'm going to go up and baptize and again tonight. I'm not sure what um what we'll do. I might minister we're going to baptize tonight again. So, we'll we'll have more at least one more baptism tonight. And uh I might just teach a another short lesson again. Please come out and uh we'll put off our worship and singing service until next week. Jesus is awesome. He really is. and this Colossians and how that same Christ that all things were created by him and for him that is the same one that's sending those two young people up to this balcony to be baptized. It's the same one. Can you believe it? That he's still working today? that he still loves us. And then he said, "Now you love each other as I've loved you. You care about each other's well-being as much as I care about your well-being." Basically, you do what I do. Only he can save. But I can show you one that saves. I can lead you to that man. I can't do it, but I can sure bring you to him. God bless you. Words fall [Music] short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must end and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. A hallelu. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. Oh, and call on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. Oh, hey, come on, my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those walls. Get up there and praise the Lord. God bless you, friends. I've been watching this young lady since soon after I became pastor of this church, and this really blesses my heart to see her. She's intelligent. She's going to the university. She's studying belief psychology. And she's um she's going to do well in whatever she does. But Melissa, I pray that you do well at being a Christian. That's going to be the most important thing that you ever do in life. And this is a wonderful, wonderful thing that you're doing here. You have something you want to say? I'm just really happy to be doing this right now. Amen. Melissa, by your own confession. By your own desire, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus [Applause] Christ. I feel good. I feel good. I just Lord, I thank you so much. Thank you so much that these two young people that there's a desire in their heart to serve God. It just there's so many other things that they could be doing on this Sunday morning and they chose to come here and give their hearts to Jesus Christ. Elijah, come on down. I've known Elijah's dad for a while and Heath and he's he's been a friend of mine for for many years and Elijah to see you coming here in these waters of baptism saying I want to serve God. This is the most important thing that you could ever do. You're making this choice to give your heart to the Lord Jesus to be baptized and take on his name. Do you have anything you want to say? I just feel blessed that that I get you to baptize me. I feel uh and to get baptized in the right church. Amen. This church is dedicated to one man and that was the man that died for our sins. There's been great men that have come through this church, wonderful servants of God, pointing us to the same Jesus Christ that we are pointing to right now. And with Elijah, he's he's making this choice to take on that name of Jesus. You're blessed to be here. It's not the church. It's not the water. It's the spirit that's with us. Elijah, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Praise God. And if the Lord's willing, we're going to baptize again tonight. This is this is what we're here for is to see people coming to the Lord Jesus and saying, "I want to make a change in my life." Just as the Colossians, they wanted to make a change. This man um the pastor of the church came to Paul. He says, "How can we do this better? Would you have anything?" And he even talks about baptism. He says, "Put off the old sin. Put on the the new life. Put on being a Christian. be baptized and then friends, all is going to be well. Amen. Let's all stand. Daniel, if you could lead a song. Brother Aaron, if you could close in prayer, my brother. God bless you, brothers and sisters. I pray that the Lord give you a good day and come back tonight. God bless [Music] you. In peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Cover me. And through the storm. Cover me. And only in you I am saved. And only in you I'm [Music] secure. And only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurt. Cover me when I am not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. With the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Let's bow our heads. Lord, it's been a privilege to witness two more souls give themselves to you. Lord, you're not surprised by this. You knew this day was coming. And before this day would came, you made a way. You gave your own life for us, Lord. Today, Lord, starts a new phase in their life because now all hell turns against them. And that's why we're here for one another. We put our arms, we make a circle around each other. We pray for one another. We love one another. We encourage one another. Lord, these words that Paul had written down in the scriptures, Lord, they were inspiration that you gave. And after Paul gave his heart to you, Lord, he was a changed man. He realized this very law that he depended on. You were the fulfillment of it. And the greatest way to live this law was to have Christ in us. Then it's not a job. It's not a requirement. It's just a yielding to you. Lord, help us to take what we've heard today and apply it in our lives. And Lord, when we say we're Christians, we put ourselves to the test. But you said, "Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world, Lord." So would you go with each one? Would you bless them, Lord? May May they trust in you, Lord. You never fail, Lord. Lord willing. We gather again this afternoon, Lord. And may we continue to worship you and love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you as you go. And I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. And sin separated. The breach was far too wide. From the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you made a way across the great divine. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hope. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus saved my life. [Music] and brought me from the darkness into glorious [Music] light. And you took my place, laid inside my tomb, my sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And now death has no steam and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our fathers through the blood. The blood. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. The blood that calls the sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through the blood. The blood. And thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. [Music] [Music] I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessing to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer and nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious leading son. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost and done. Draw me nearer and nearer, blessed one, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer and nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleeding sight. God bless you. your dismiss. Oh, the pure delight of a single hour that before thy throne I speak. When I kneel in prayer and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer and nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious leading side. And there are depths of love that I cannot know till the cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me nearer and nearer precious to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer. Bless
