################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-27 - Hezekiah, The Praying King Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-27
Title:    Hezekiah, The Praying King: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07l3F3kbkW8
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, August 27, 2025 7PM. Pastor Daniel Evans continues on the prayer series with King Hezekiah, the king who prayed. 2 Chronicles 29, 2 Chronicles 30, 2 Chronicles 31, 2 Chronicles 32, 2 Kings 20.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
It's our Wednesday night Bible study. I want to stick with the Bible study format that we have. I want to talk about we've been talking about prayer and it's it's the most important thing that we do in life and it's the easiest thing to neglect. So, we always want to I always want to encourage the congregation to don't neglect prayer. Don't neglect that time. If it's the most important thing, don't let it be the least important thing. Don't if if you got to get to work, well, wake up a little bit earlier. You know, if you're too tired to pray at night, then start praying a little bit earlier. Make it the most important thing. Brother Eli, I didn't recognize you and family. God bless you. Welcome. Um, I want to talk about tonight and I want to try to get done in 30 minutes. I want to talk about this king Hezekiah. He's considered the praying king. One of the greatest kings ever in the history of Judah and Israel was this man named Hezekiah. He uh his dad wasn't such a great guy. And afterwards, he was really Hezekiah was the last good king in all of the the monarchy from David all the way to the end is this man Hezekiah. And the reason he was so great is really the reason that anyone is great is because they pray. They put the Lord first. This man Hezekiah prayed. He um he reigned just before the captivity of Babylon. He um he is known really for his reforms in the church. We'll talk about that a little bit tonight. And he removed the idols and he restored worship in the temple. He uh he's also recognized because he defended uh Jerusalem against a a mighty army that came to invade. He um Hezekiah is known as this king that prayed so much. But when you hear his prayers, and I'll read them tonight, they're not like other prayers in the Bible. We read Solomon's prayer and it's a long prayer, beautiful prayer, Ezra's prayer, his long prayer. But when Hezekiah prayed, it was just short and it was it was to the point. One day things were so bad he just laid his head up against the wall and he just said a few short words and the Lord heard him. Another time he was going to die and he just asked very simply for mercy. He said something on the order of Lord you know my heart and the Lord healed him. Really a really great man and he was Hezekiah. He's he just one of the things that he did as I'm reading this is he brought joy to Jerusalem. And it's joy that had been lost for a long time. And I believe that I know why this joy was lost. So let's start. Let's get right into the Bible. 2 Chronicles chapter 29. We'll start right there. Is that Sister Rachel from Germany back there? God bless you, sister. Welcome. Is this Oh, your niece. Welcome, sister. God bless you. It's good to have you. Good to have you in service. 2 Chronicles 29 verse one, it says this. Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and 20 years old. And he reigned 9 and 20 years in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah. and he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord according to all that David his father had done. Again, this is a rare thing in the history of the monarchy of the kings of Judah and Israel. He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house of the Lord and repaired them. Notice he says that he opened the h the doors of the house of the Lord. Keep that in your mind. That's an important part about this testimony of this man. I'll get to that in a minute. And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and he gathered them together into the east street. And he said unto them, "Hear me, ye Levites." You know the Levites, they're like the the servants of the Lord that work in the temple, the priests. Hear me, ye Levites. Sanctify now yourselves and sanctify the house of the Lord God of your fathers and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place. There's filthiness in the holy place. The the NIV says the defilement that's in this holy place. English Standard Version says the filth the New King James says this the rubbish that was in the church. So he's telling the priests, he's like, "Clean the place up. Get rid of the garbage and get rid of the things that defile like sinful things that had crept into the temple, into the church. For our fathers have trespassed and done that which was evil in the eyes of our Lord of the Lord our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the Lord, and turned their backs." Also they have shut up the doors of the porch and put out the lamps and have not burned incense nor nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel. So again he's saying that they shut down the temple. There wasn't any worship going on in the temple. There weren't any sacrifices being made. Where of the la where wherefore the wrath of the Lord was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes. For lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this. So Hezekiah is saying that because the worship has stopped, because the sacrifice has stopped, because the people aren't coming into the temple and worshiping anymore, that it has resulted in sin and it's resulted in suffering. Now, what happened was we know that David came. David was the second king. But Li and I just got just got finished with our series on on on Saul who was first and then David was second. Then Solomon was third and then Solomon. The the um monarchy split into two different separate nations. Israel on the south and Judah to the north. And then there was these kingdoms and they fought with each other and they fought with other people all the way down through Israel never had a good king. Israel after Solomon was there. Israel was always wicked kings. That was like Ahab and Jezebel came from Israel. Judah usually had bad kings, but there were some good ones in there. And it goes down and the Assyrian um nation attacked Israel to the south um to the to the south to the north to the north and took all of the Israelites captive put them into exile and that was pretty much it for Israel. It started what's called the diaspora, the dispersion of the Jews around the world. I might have said it wrong. Judah was in the south. Israel was in the north. And so the the 10 tribes that were in the north, they were dispersed out because this king of Syria, they came in and took them all. So So Hezekiah here is remembering that their brethren, their same race of people, they were taken. And he's he's remembering these things. And he says, "We have suffered because of this." This is before Nebuchadnezzar came. Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the Lord God of Israel that his fierce wrath may turn away from us. My sons, be not now negligent. For the Lord hath chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, that you should minister unto him and burn incense. Now, the reason I read these first 11 verses is I want to show the character of King Hezekiah. He cared about the church. He cared about living righteously. He cared about the priests and he wanted them to minister in the right ways. And we'll see his character come out when Hezekiah prays and the Lord answers his prayer. So he cleans up the church. He sets the priests in order. And everybody gets to work. And this represents major changes that are coming in the kingdom of Judah. Now, why was the church closed? Why was the temple closed? Hezekiah's dad, very evil man, this king Ahaz. Ahaz came in and he shut down the temple. And he told the people, he said, "You just go to your own place and worship." He said, "Just set up place, just go set up places in your little areas and all that, and you don't come into the temple. You just stay home. You you worship at home." And look at what happens when this happens, friends. Coming to church, and you know, I'm not a pastor that beats you over the head and tells you to come to church all the time, but coming to church is a blessing. &gt;&gt; And when you let when you when you just make that sacrifice, you just make that effort, there's a blessing there. &gt;&gt; I mean, how many of us have really regretted ever going? You know, you come home. How many of us have come home and said, "You know, I really regret going to church tonight." &gt;&gt; But how many times have we said, "Boy, I regret wasting that last hour scrolling on the little idol." &gt;&gt; How many times have I said that? &gt;&gt; How many times have I said, "Wow, I I just wasted two hours and did nothing." But when you come to church, it's not like that. There's an effort that you make in coming and you have the church doors open and on Wednesday night there's a there's a good crowd here tonight but there may not be very many people coming but you get the blessing in coming. It's it's a blessing just to walk into the doors &gt;&gt; and then and then King Ahaz shut that down. &gt;&gt; He said you just stay in your own place. You worship in your own place. And what happened? And the people sin started to enter into the people. They started sinning. They started not giving God the time that they should have given him. The prayer life suffered. Many, many things suffered just because he closed the door to the church. Sin came in. And even the temple, it sat around for a long time. They weren't sweeping the floors. They weren't keeping the walls painted. They weren't fixing things. When you let a building sit, it just gets dilapidated over time. They weren't doing anything. They weren't replacing the carpet. They weren't they weren't cleaning the the walls. They weren't doing anything. And it just started to get dirty and there started to get trash around. And then they would they would come in and they wouldn't respect the building. They would do things that they shouldn't be doing inside the building. they would maybe let things come in that weren't clean. And it just it ended up to be a stink in God's nostrils from this King Ahaz. And so his son, and remember this is his son Hezekiah. His son comes in and like, "No, that's not right. Let's clean this place up." So he gets all the priests together. He gets all the ministers and all the Levites and he says, "Listen," he says, "Get to work. let's get this place cleaned up. And they got the place cleaned up and it and they got their lives cleaned up. So, it was it was just it was amazing. And it worked. Just cleaning up the temple and bringing back the sac sacrifices brought holiness to Judah. They brought singing back. was telling brother Jo, brother Josiah, it's one of the things that when they cleaned up and they started coming to church, it brought singing. They probably weren't singing before and they and and the the Bible mentions singing over and over that they started singing again. It brought the sacrifice back. It brought tithing back. It brought worship back. And it also brought joy back into the hearts of the people. Verse number, let's skip down to verse number 28. Listen to this. And all the congregation worshiped. This is when they got everything in order. And all the congregation worshiped and the singers sang and the trumpeters sounded. And all this continued until the burnt offering was finished. And when they had made an end of the offering, the king and all the people that were present with them bowed themselves and worshiped. Moreover, King Hezekiah, Moreover, Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the Lord with words of David and of Asaf the singer the seer. Sounds familiar, doesn't it? The Psalms. Asaf was one of the one of the authors main authors of the Psalms. And then here's David, one of the main authors. So, they were singing these psalms, some of which we sing today. And they sang praises with gladness and they bowed their heads and worshiped. So how could they have sang songs of praise like this if they were stay staying home from church? You may not agree with the pastor. You may not agree with some of the doctrines in the church. Not necessarily at this church, but at any church really. But in going to church, you have the opportunity to sing together. &gt;&gt; You have the opportunity to worship together. Maybe you don't have the exact same beliefs on certain things, but don't let that keep you home. Don't let that separate you from the other believers. &gt;&gt; Come together and if nothing else, sing. And the people, they brought their sacrifices in and they brought their offerings into the church and they had church. They worshiped together. Skip to verse number 36. Are you liking this King Hezekiah? Let's go. Actually, let's go to 35. Sorry. And also the burnt offerings were in abundance with the fat of the peace offerings and the drink off offerings for every burnt offering. So the service of the house of the Lord was set in order. And Hezekiah rejoiced and all the people that God had prepared the and all that and that God had prepared for the people for the thing was done suddenly. Let me read the New Living Translation of that common English. It says this. There was an abundance of burnt offerings along with the usual liquid offerings and a great deal of fat from the many peace offerings. So the temple of the Lord was restored to service. And Hezekiah and all the people rejoiced because of what God had done for the people for everything had been accomplished so quickly. Let's go on to second Let's go on to second Chronicles um chapter 30. So Hezekiah, he sends a letter. So things are going good. He's got he's got everything in order. Things things are are working out. And he sends out a a letter. Remember I said that Israel had been dispersed. He sends out a letter not only to Judah, to his country, but he sends it out also to Israel and to all those other people. It's like, listen, I don't care if we were separate before. I don't care. We're all Jews. We all believe together. And he invites them. He says, "Come in and celebrate the Passover with us." So, he sends out this letter. And uh let me just read I want to read the the New Living Translation of this letter, common English, and you'll get really you'll get the understanding. Listen to the spirit that's in this letter. So this is the letter that King Hezekiah pens and sends it out across the old the whole area that's there. Oh people of Israel, return to the Lord, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, so that he will return to the few of us who have survived the conquest of the Assyrian kings. I mentioned that before. Do not be like your ancestors and relatives who abandon the Lord, the God of their ancestors, and become an object of derision as you yourself can see. Don't be stubborn, he says, as they were, but submit yourselves to the Lord. Come to his temple which has been which has set apart as holy forever. Worship the Lord your God so that his fierce anger anger will turn away from you. For if you return to the Lord, your relatives and your children will be treated mercifully by their captives and they will be able to return to this land. For the Lord your God is gracious and merciful. If you return to him, he will not continue to turn his face from you. And he sends this letter all over the place to those that maybe that were at war with each other for for all of these hundreds of years. And he sends it out and he's like, "Listen, everybody, everybody come back." And they come in and they celebrate the Passover for seven days as that was the tradition. And they were enjoying the church so much. And they were enjoying the singing so much. And they were enjoying the fellowship so much and the worship so much that they said, "Uh, hey Hezekiah, you know, I know the Passover is only seven days, but how about we make it seven more days?" Isaiah or Hezekiah says, "Yeah." All right. So then Hezekiah dip dips in and he donates. of course this is going to be cost a lot. So he starts giving oxins and and he g he starts giving these animals to the to the people to help them and and for sacrifices and that and then they worship not just seven days as required by the Passover but they wanted to come to church. They loved it. It was such a blessing. So they said let's let's just stay. Let's just keep going to church. And they worshiped another seven days. 2 Chronicles verse uh 2 Chronicles 30:23. And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other seven days another seven days. And they kept another seven days with gladness. With gladness. They were so sad. They were so down. They were depressed. Maybe they didn't see any hope. But they got together. They got to come to church. They got to worship together. They hadn't done this in so long. And it just encouraged them. They loved it. And there's joy. There was there's just joy spreading throughout all of these Jewish people. And they're just they're so happy. For Hezekiah, the king of Judah, did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and 7,000 sheep. And the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and 10,000 sheep. And a great number of priests sanctified themselves. So from the top to the bottom they made they they gave. They were generous. And all the congregation of Judah with the priests and the Levites and all the congregation that came out of Israel and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel and that dwelt in Judah rejoiced. I thought, "Oh man, it feels so good to come back to church. It feels so good to sing. It feels so good to hear the word. It just feels good." So there was great joy in Jerusalem. For since the time of Solomon, the son of David, king of Israel, there was not like there was not the like in Jerusalem. Then the priests, the Levites arose and blessed the people and their voice was heard and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place even unto heaven. They were so happy. They worshiped so sincerely and their prayers were heard beyond the temple. Brother Aaron, their prayers went all the way up to heaven and were heard. It was truly a good day in Jerusalem because King Hezekiah made changes. He cleaned up and he gave the opportunity for everyone to come in and worship. So, let's skip over to 2 Chronicles uh chapter 31. Now, let's go to verse 20. Pretty soon we'll get to Hezekiah's prayer. And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that which was good and right and truth before the Lord his God. And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God and in the law and in the commandments to seek, this is what Hezekiah is teaching. This is what this is what all of this led to. All of his work to seek his God. He did it with all his heart and he prospered. We'll read that again. And in every work he began in the service of the house of God and in the law and in the commandments to seek his God, he did it with all his heart and he prospered. So Hezekiah truly sought God in everything that he did. How do you seek God? You pray. So we know that Hezekiah was a praying man. And prayer takes time. And you can't just drop down and pray when you have a need. Pray needs to be every day, multiple times a day. Paul said, I pray. Paul said to pray always. So you get up in the morning before before you get up, lay in when you're laying in bed, pray and then get up and then pray again. Go to work or whatever you do. Stop at lunchtime and pray. Pray in the evening. And if you're not praying every day of your life, then the time when the time comes that you need to contact God, how can you expect that God is going to hear you? If you're not praying all the time, if you don't know how to pray, that's one of the things the disciples asked Jesus. They saw that he was praying all the time. The son of God, Jesus was constantly praying. And they looked at Jesus and I maybe if the Lord's willing I'll talk about this on Sunday. But they looked at Jesus. They didn't ask him how do we cast out devils? How do we do miracles? How do we create? How do we multiply the fishes and the loaves? What was their question? The most question important question they asked him how do we pray? It was important because they saw that was the most important thing to Jesus. We need to be in constant communication with him on our knees standing. When you're driving, don't close your eyes, but you can still talk to him. And he can talk back all the time. It doesn't have to be in a special way. Constantly praying. Then when troubles hit in your life or someone else needs your prayers, then you're practiced. You're ready to go and you'll pray. Pray is prayer is it it's it's it's constantly. It's it's it's all the time. And it's like you don't just people say that. No, I I pray a lot and and what they're talking about is that they think about God a lot. That's not praying. And my relationship with Stephanie, it's like if I if I just think about her, that doesn't build my relationship with her. We need to communicate. We need to be a husband and a wife. We need to be constantly talking and we need to fellowship and we need to love each other. And if I came home, if if I hadn't seen Stephanie in a week and she's like, "Honey, how come you didn't call me when you were gone?" "Well, I thought about you." That doesn't do any good. We need that fellowship. And that's how prayer is. So Hezekiah was this man of prayer. So when he needed it, he was ready to pray. Things were going good in Jerusalem. Things were going good in the temple. The people were coming together. The people were praying. The people were getting closer to God. God was blessing them. They were able to pay their tithes now. They were able to worship. They were able to sing. But when you are in God's will, when you are tr truly serving God, don't think that you are not a target of the devil. &gt;&gt; When I believe it was Paul said, "When I would do good, evil is present with me. And here's what happened with this man Hezekiah. Things were going well, but there was an evil spirit in that same kingdom of Assyria. And it anointed this king of Syria named Sinakarb. And Sinakarb had it on his mind that he was going to invade and take Jerusalem. Here's Hezekiah first 2 Chronicles chapter 32 verse number 10. And sonakarb. This guy was intimidating. This guy was ruthless. And this guy wanted Jerusalem. 2 Chronicles 32:10. And he writes this letter, sends it out all over the place. And he says, "Thus saith Sinakarb, king of Assyria, wherein do you trust that ye abide in the siege of Jerusalem?" He's like, "I got Jerusalem seized." You think, you think you're going to live through this? Does not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, "The Lord our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria." Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, "You shall worship before one altar and burn incense upon it." So he's he's saying that this guy took away your fun. This guy took away your partying. This guy took away your idolatry. And you know how much do you like that? And this guy Hezekiah took it away. Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? They knew that it had happened to their brethren in Israel. Were the gods of the nations of those lands anyway? Were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their hands out of out of my hand? Who was there among the all the gods of the nations that my fathers utterly destroyed that could deliver his people out of my hand? That your God should be able to deliver you out of my hand. Whoa. this arrogant king. He's insulting Hezekiah. He's insulting their walk with the Lord. He's insulting their commitments that they have made to serve the Lord. And now he is insulting God himself. And he's trying to get them to lose their faith. Now therefore, let not Hezekiah deceive you nor persuade you on this manner. Neither yet neither yet believe him. For no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of my hand, and out of the hand of my fathers. How much less shall your God deliver you out of my hand? And his servants spake yet more against the Lord and against Hezek and against his servant Hezekiah. Hezekiah was a man of prayer. And he had a friend who was a man of prayer also. You know who that friend was? Anybody? &gt;&gt; The prophet Isaiah. Now watch what they do. Let's skip to verse 20. And for this cause Hezekiah the king and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amos prayed and cried to heaven. So the praying king and the praying prophet cried out to the one that had answered so many prayers before. And the Lord sent an angel which cut off all the mighty men of valor and the the leaders and the captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. And so he returned with shame of his face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his God, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword. His own family killed him. Not only did the Lord deliver Judah because of Hezekiah's prayer, but look at what happened to the one that Hezekiah was praying about. Didn't work out so well for Sonakaribb. Thus, the Lord saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Snakaribb, the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side. And many brought gifts unto the Lord of the Lord. Many got brought gifts unto the Lord to Jerusalem and present and presents to Hezekiah, king of Judah, so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from then forth. In those days, Hezekiah was sick unto death. So, we see how Hezekiah prayed and the Lord delivered. Sent an angel. Let me go really back for a moment. Remember what I talked about on on Sunday morning about humility? And remember all those saraphims that were going around the um the throne of God and they were crying holy, holy, holy and they had their faces covered. They had their feet covered in reverence and their wings. And then there's in Revelation, I believe chapter five, we see that there were a hundred million angels circling around the throne of God. 100 million angels. And look what happened when God sent one &gt;&gt; down, just one of them. And he's like, "You go." One angel destroyed that king. One of the most powerful kings in the world. One angel. And think about how great God is. A 100red million of them going around his throne. That was a Got off the offramp. We'll get back on. Where was I? Verse number 24. In those days, Hezekiah was sick to death, and he prayed unto the Lord, and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign. We'll talk about this in a minute. But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him, for his heart was lifted up. Remember Sunday morning about pride and how it can bring you down. And here Hezekiah's heart was lifted up. Therefore, there was wrath upon him and upon Judah and Jerusalem. So, even the praying king, he got a little prideful and God takes his hand off of this great man, one of the greatest kings that's ever lived. He just takes his hand off of Hezekiah and he fa he falls falls sick. But not for long. Notwithstanding, Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart. both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem so that the wrath of the Lord came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah. Let me read another translation. New Living Translation says this. It says about that time Hezekiah became deathly ill. He prayed to the Lord who healed him and gave him a miraculous sign. But Hezekiah did not respond appropriately to the kindness showed to him and he became proud. So the Lord's anger came against him and against Judah and Jerusalem. Then Hezekiah humbled himself and repented of his pride as did the people of Jerusalem. So the Lord's anger did not fall on them during Hezekiah's lifetime. So I want to go I want to move over to Second Kings chapter 20 and let's learn about this sickness a little bit that came upon Hezekiah. Let's go to 2 Kings 20 verse one and we'll finish with this. In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amos came to him and said unto him, "Thus sayeth the Lord, set thine house in order, for thou shalt die and not live." I like this part. Then he turned his face to the wall and he prayed unto the Lord saying, "How beautiful it was just you ever been there before where just you're so down and you just like Lord help me." That's all he did. He put his face to the wall and he said this. He said, "I beseech thee, oh Lord, remember now how high I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and I've done that which is good in thy sight." And Hezekiah wept sore. So short, simple prayer. It doesn't matter how great your prayer is. What matters is that God heard it. &gt;&gt; And that's what matters with us. You don't have to have perfect words. You just you just have to be sincere and you have to be prayed up. You have to know how to pray. And Hezekiah just lays his head up against the wall and he just says he says, "Lord, I beseech you, remember me now how I've walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart." How many of us can say it really, Lord, you know my heart. I make mistakes and mistakes and mistakes. But Lord, you can look into my heart and you can see I want to be right. I really do. I believe that there are people here that we can say that. Lord, I've walked before you perfectly. Not because I haven't sinned, but Lord, I want to be right. You know my heart. You know my motives. Just as Hezekiah said here that I've walked with before you with a perfect heart. And it came to pass before Isa Isaiah was gone out of the middle court that the word of the Lord came to him saying. So he goes and tells Hezekiah. He turns around and then boom. Oh, go back. Turn again. Tell tell Hezekiah the captain of my people. Thus sayaeth the Lord God of David thy father. I have heard thy prayer. I have seen thy tears. Behold, I will heal thee. On the third day, thou shalt go up unto the house of the Lord, and I will add unto thy days 15 years, and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria, and I will defend this city for my own sake, and for my servant David's sake. So we see from 2 Chronicles that I read earlier that Hezekiah got a little hottie when I talked about on Sunday. But then he quickly he humbled himself. So all of the days of Hezekiah, the Lord didn't bring this suffering on Jerusalem. And Hezekiah, what he did is he bragged. People came from another country, this country called Babylon, and he brought the people in. He's like, "Oh, come here. Come check out come check out our our church. Come check it out. Come, come look at how great it is. Oh, oh, and come into this room. Look at all our gold. Look at how look at how good God's been to us." And then come over to this room and and it's like, "Oh, look at this. Look at how great this is." And these men are walking in like, "Yeah, yeah." And they're thinking, "Wow, there's a lot of money going into this." They go back to the king of Babylon, this guy that was way bigger than Sinakarb. His name's Nebuchadnezzar. And they tell him, and then Hezekiah passes away. And then Nebuchadnezzar comes into Jerusalem and that was you know the story after that it's pretty much over. But it didn't happen in all the days of Hezekiah because Hezekiah prayed and as I said you can't be a good athlete if you're not on the field practicing if you're not communicating. And you can't have a good relationship with God if you are not praying all the time. You can't really expect your prayers to be heard and answered if you're not constantly communicating with them. Amen. That's the story of Hezekiah. I wanted to end a little bit early because I wanted to ask the audience. So, we I was able to give an example of someone who who I really think was one of the most powerful praying people in the Bible. Now, I sent out my WhatsApp this morning. Can Who's another one? And we'll spend maybe 10, 15 minutes &gt;&gt; going through. Say this again. &gt;&gt; Daniel. &gt;&gt; Daniel. Does anybody know why Daniel? The Bible records Daniel praying three times a day. And not only would he pray three times a day, but he would open the window up. He did not care if his colleagues at work saw him praying. It didn't matter to him. He got down. He looked towards the temple in Jerusalem, the same one that Hezekiah rebuilt. Daniel looked towards that temple. And he bowed his knees and he prayed just as Solomon who built the temple said, "Lord, if they would just look to this temple, then you will hear their prayers." And here is Daniel. And he's praying and he's looking towards this temple. And when Daniel was one of the times that he was praying is when Nebuchadnezzar said that I'm going to kill all of the wise men. And Daniel and his buddies Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo were part of that group. And he said, I'm going to kill all of you if you can't tell me my dream. So they were all in peril. So what does Daniel do? What would you do? He prayed and he asked his friends to pray and then the Lord gave him the interpret gave him the dream that Nebuchadnezzar had and the interpretation. How about another one? Who? Jeremy. Esther. Queen Esther. Oh, I didn't expect you to say that one. the whole it wasn't just Esther. It wasn't just her three friends that were in danger. It was the entire group of Jewish people in this city and these people because of this man Hmon. I'm gonna I'm gonna Can I go off an offramp real quick? Um on Sunday I talked about again about um about being humble and humility before the Lord. So this man Hmon, he was kind of the one of the main guys for the king and he hated these Jewish people and he got invited. So Esther invites this man Hmon who devised this plan to kill all of all of the Jewish people. And Esther, of course, she she's praying and she the the Lord just gave her such strength. And she sets up this plan that Hmon is going to be there. This this main killer that's building these gallows up. And Hmon goes home to his wife. Remember I talked about humility? You know what he did? He bragged. He said, "Honey, I got invited to the king the king's house tonight and I got invited to this banquet." And Esther, this praying sister, strong sister, she wasn't allowed to approach the king, but she did at that time. And she said, "Basically, this guy's trying to kill us all." and saved all of her people. And guess what happened to Hmon? Same thing that happened to Sakaribb. Didn't work out well for him. How about somebody else? Another another one. Another person that prayed. Jonah. I preached Caleb. I preached about Jonah the other day. Never in history has someone needed to pray worse than Jonah. He was in the belly of a whale at the bottom of the ocean with seaweed wrapped around his neck. By the way, and on Jonah, as I was researching Jonah, they actually, whether it's true or not, I don't know, but it's it's a fairly modern story of someone who fell out of a ship and was swallowed by a sperm whale. And this sperm whale swallowed this poor sailor. And he actually was in the belly of this sperm whale for two days. And the sperm whale puked him up. And the only thing that was wrong with him was his skin was really messed up um because of the acids that were in the in the whale's stomach. But he actually survived. So there's actually a modern event. Well, I I mean it says internet says it's true. So So anyways, the Bible says Jonah's true. So, so Jonah's in the whale in the belly of this whale and he is like, "If I could just look at Jerusalem and he prayed and God heard his prayer &gt;&gt; and he took everything that Jonah had done wrong and Jonah had really messed up and then he turned it around and he saved a whole city because of Jonah's prayer that the Lord would have mercy on him." The whale went up, spit him out. He went and he preached to these gentile people and the ra and they repented. That doesn't happen very often. They repented and the wrath of the Lord was stayed. How about one more? &gt;&gt; David, we going to sing that song at the end. Come on, brother Aaron. All right. David prayed a lot. We just read the book of Psalms. But um there was one time that David had to go to battle and he didn't know do I go or do I stay and David had prayed so much and David was so in tune with God as I said you can't just all of a sudden it's like Lord what do I do and get down and pray you have to pray all the time and then when these situations arise eyes, then you can go to prayer. And here is David and he's saying, "Lord, this is a great battle. What do I do? I don't know. Do I go to battle? Do I fight this enemy? Do I stay home? Lord, I don't know what to do." And he was, David was so in tune with God that he knew, here comes this breeze and he hears the malberry trees start to shake. And he knew God was in that breeze. And he knew God was with them to go to battle. And David prayed and the Lord answered. Amen. One more. Jesus prayed a lot. That's one thing about Jesus. He prayed all the time. Jesus went up to the mountain to pray. Very beginning of his ministry. Is that what you're talking about? The beginning. The beginning of his ministry. Jesus went up to the mountain to pray as brother Aaron said. And the son of God, God in flesh, had a very important decision to make. He had to choose 12 men for him to give his ministry to and to represent him on the field. And Jesus didn't just go up and pray. That time Jesus prayed all night long. And then the next day he chose his 12 disciples. Amen. All right, let's uh musicians can come and we'll close. Isn't prayer beautiful? It is. It is the most well, brother Brandham said it is the most powerful weapon ever placed into the hands of man is prayer. We see Hezekiah brought down a whole country, one angel. God sent down, heard Hezekiah's prayer. God sent down an angel, destroyed the kingdom. Elijah. Elijah prayed and he went up to Ahab and he says he says, "Ahab, you're such a sinner. You're doing all this stuff wrong." He says, "Not even due nor rain will fall until I call for it." Book of James, I believe, or I don't know if it was James or one of Peter's epistles said that he prayed and it didn't rain for three and a half years. And then he prayed again and it rained. Can you imagine one man, brother Jeremy? One man praying and shutting off the rain and bringing a famine where probably tens of thousands of people died. And then that same man going before the Lord and asking the Lord to to to send the rain three and a half years later. And he sends the rain. And you know what James said? James says, "And he was a man with like passions as us. He was a man that had faults, but Elijah prayed. Amen. I could go all night, brother. [Music] [Music] secret &gt;&gt; is it on a secret for the congregation? When we start singing, I turn my lapel microphone off and they turn this one on so I can stand back here and I can sing and you can't hear me. So, Sister Sharon, this is a song about David, the one that you said. This is a song about him praying. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. [Music] I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David. Dance. When the spirit of the Lord When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sang. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sang. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. Like David sang. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David sang. I will shout when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart. I will shout like David shouts. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will shout like David shouts. Oh, I will shout. I will shout. I will shout like David shouts. I will shout. I will shout. I will shout like day. Let's sing verse one again. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like David pray. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like David prayed. Oh, I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like David prayed. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like David prayed. Brother Matt, would you come one more time? Would you come and close in prayer, please? One more time. I will pray like David prayed. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like David prayed. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like David pray. [Music] Okay, saints. Heavenly Father, what we learned about tonight is so very important, Father. I imagine if there's any regret when it's all said and done, it would be that we didn't pray more, Father. So, I pray that you help us, Lord. You said, "Forget not all our all your benefits, Lord." And how else do we access those? by but by getting before you and searching for your word, Lord, and and then asking for what you have already promised, Lord. And uh Father, would you help us as we move forward just to be more devoted, more dedicated, set aside more time, Lord? It will only benefit us, Lord, and we will only be encouraged and strengthened in you, Father. I pray also that you would protect our prayer time, Lord. We know that the enemy is most interested in in breaking up our prayer time, Lord. So I pray that you would send as you sent an angel, Father, to destroy Sinakareb, Lord, that you would send angels, Father, when these saints go to pray, oh God, would you come, Father, with angels and surround about their rooms, surround their prayer closets, Lord, and anoint their prayers, Father, for there are desperate needs on the people's hearts, Lord. And oh, how they need to seek you, Father, and they need protection, Lord. Oh, you can do it, Father. And with that in mind, Lord, we just ask that you would bless all of these saints. Bless the rest of our days this week in the in the Sunday service, Father, in the mighty matchless name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Wait upon the Lord shall renew the strength. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to way. The first verse. Teach me Lord to way. down on my knees till in your own good time you answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to one. The same one that prayed with King Hezekiah when the enemy came against them is the same one. The same prophet that wrote this. He gives power to the faint. And to them that have no might, he increases strength. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. The prophet Isaiah. One more time, brother. &gt;&gt; That wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and unfree. Teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed.
