################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-30 - Brother Lyle Johnson Prayer - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-30
Title:    Brother Lyle Johnson: Prayer
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAwPOx-hpzQ
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, July 30, 2025 7 PM Tucson Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hear the cries of the shackle. From the onset of time or the chains of defeat, there's no key. See the tears of the broken and the cries of the slaves. Is there no one worthy to set us free? And the crying is still as the chorus rings out. The shackle released from their chains. And thousands of voices are swelling the song. Worthy. The lamb was slain. Oh Lord, you're worthy. Worthy, worthy. The lamb that was slain, worthy, Lord. You're worthy, worthy. the lamb that was slain. And all the archangels and the saints of all times will be holding our crowns in our hands. will fall down before him joining in the song. Worthy, worthy the lamb, Lord. You're worthy. Oh yes, you're worthy. Worthy the lamb that was slain. Worthy. Oh yes, you're worthy. Worthy. the lamb that was slain. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise the lamb that was slain. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise the lamb that was slain. Oh, cuz he's worthy. [Music] Oh yes, he's worthy. Worthy the lamb that was slain. [Music] Worthy. Worthy. Worthy. The lamb that was slain. Worthy, worthy, [Music] worthy. The lamb that was slain. Hey, worthy. [Music] Worthy, worthy. The lamb that was slain. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you. Good evening. &gt;&gt; Well, I heard somebody say good evening back. That's good. Somebody's awake out there. That's good. It's a bit of a surprise to see me up here again. Sunday night, Brother Daniel asked me if I wanted to say anything before Heather and I leave for the Pacific Northwest. The easy thing is to decline, get packed for the trip, not have any pressure to speak, but we're not called to take the easy path. So, here I am, and here we all are. Brother Daniel started a series on prayer this past Sunday morning and continued it on Sunday evening. And and the thoughts I want to share this evening are on the same topic, prayer. And by the way, the image on the screen is of two Jewish men. They've got prayer books. They're wearing felacteries, the leather straps that you see which bind certain passages of the Torah onto their arms and foreheads. They're covered in their prayer shaws. and they're standing praying at the Western Wall, the the remains of the retaining wall around the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, as near to the site of the original temple as they can be. Speaking of prayer, let's start. Maybe we can stand together and unite our hearts together in prayer. Lord Jesus, it's such a privilege, a responsibility, Lord, to stand here, Lord, among people that you gave your life for, each one. Lord, such such a precious, precious relationship that we can have with you and with each other. Lord, I just pray that you would guard my lips tonight, Lord, that nothing be said that would cause anyone difficulty or to stumble, but Lord, that we might just see something that would help us draw closer to you, a better understanding of your word, just just that relationship, Lord, that we so desire to grow within our hearts. Lord, we commit this evening to you. And again, we thank you for this awesome privilege that we have to be gathered together in your name, the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Our topic verses this evening are found in the Gospel according to Mark 11. The context, it's Jesus' final week in Jerusalem. The day before Jesus had walked Jerusalem from Bethany. On the way, he found a fruitless fig tree and he cursed the tree that no one would ever eat from you again. He spent that day in the temple. It wasn't a quiet day in the temple. Amongst other things, he drove a lot of people out of the temple. Got some people a little upset with him, I think, and went back to Bethany to spend the night. Well, it's the following day. He and his disciples are again walking to Jerusalem. Let's begin at uh verse 20. And in the morning, as Jesus and his disciples passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots. And Peter calling to remembrance said unto Jesus, "Master, behold the fig tree which you cursed just yesterday. It's withered away." And Jesus answering saith unto them, "Have faith in God." Well, we often stop and hear a sermon at this point about faith or we use this song lyrics, have faith in God. That's all very good, but but let's continue. Jesus kept going. We we can keep going too just a little bit here. He goes on, "For verily I say unto you, whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. At this point, we often stop and have a lesson about faith to move mountains. And that's good. But let's keep going. Jesus did. He concludes his teaching about prayer and faith with these seemingly unusual and disconnected statements. And when you stand praying, forgive if you have ought against any. Why? That your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. And they continued on into Jerusalem and into the temple. Please be be seated. Tonight I want to talk a little bit about prayer but from a different perspective. In these verses, let's focus a bit on on the phrase. Anybody want to guess what phrase we're going to focus on when you stand praying. Now, after all, we know Jesus knelt in prayer in Gethsemane. A few days later, Daniel knelt in prayer in Babylon. So our focus this evening is not a lesson about posture but about context. What was prayer thought to be in the time of Jesus? H how did one pray? How did it evolve or did it evolve or change from prayer say in the time of David? Perhaps knowing the context of prayer in the late second temple period when Jesus was alive will help us better understand some of the statements Jesus made about prayer. In Matthew 6, Jesus says, "When thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to stand to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward." Notice, why are they doing this? To be heard? No, to be seen. Let's go back from Jesus' time to the end of David's life. At this point, David is is praying out loud before the people. He's in the process of dedicating the things that have been gathered for the construction of the temple. Solomon has been made king. This is just before David's death. Let's read the just the opening sentences of his prayer. 1st Chronicles 29 verse 10. Wherefore David blessed the Lord before all the congregation. And David said, "Blessed be thou Lord God of Israel our father forever and ever. Thine, oh Lord, is the greatness, the power, the glory, the victory, the majesty. For all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine. Thine is the kingdom, oh Lord, thou art exalted as head above all. Both riches and honor come from thee. Thou reignest over all, and in thine hand is power and might. In thine hand it is to make great and to give strength unto all. Now therefore, our God, we thank thee and praise thy glorious name. You can hear elements of what we call the Lord's prayer in David's prayer. The point that I want to illustrate here is that David's prayer is spontaneous. It's extemporaneous. It comes from his heart. He's not reading it. Does a better job than I do. He's not reading it. He He's not reciting it. What did brother Daniel bring out about the Bible in lesson one on prayer on Sunday morning? The focus of the Bible is not science. The focus of the Bible is not history. It's a collection of books about relationship. Relationship between God and people. In Jesus' time, the practice of Judaism, of the Jewish faith, included a prayer, perhaps the most widely known and recited prayer. It's called the Amadada. Amada in Hebrew means standing. Let's just take a look at its history. Remember, we're trying to establish context. What did people think when they heard the word prayer? How was it performed? What was prayer at that time? And what was prayer among the people who were among Jesus likely audience? People who would understand his cultural references like when you stand praying. Most of the information I'm using about the history and meaning of the amadas from the kabad.org website. It's it's a website that communicates practices and explanations of Orthodox Judaism. At the center of the Jewish daily prayers are 19 blessings which make up the silent prayer known in Hebrew is the amad which literally means standing. It's also sometimes called themonas which is a Hebrew word for 18 because there are 18 blessings within it. Now there are 19. The 19th was added actually during the time of Jesus. These prayers are recited three times a day and we read Khabad uh group explains it. The Torah instructs us to pray to God for our needs. The sages established that this is done. The sages, we're not talking about sage brush in the desert. When when Jewish people talk about sages, they're talking about very learned, highly respected men, commentators. Um uh it they're the people that had they lived in earlier times, they might have been called prophets, but after uh after the time of the destruction of of uh the temple and so forth, the first time around, uh they stopped recognizing prophets. And people that were very wise and learned, they would often call sages. So the sages established that this is done three times every day and they the sages composed words of praise and requests to be said at those times. Jewish tradition says that this prayer was established about 500 BC shortly after the dedication of the second temple under Cyrus, king of Persia. Tradition asserts that the group of sages that established it were led by Ezra. We have the book of Ezra. That same Ezra they claim established the Amadada. Now we read in the book of Daniel after the decree from King Das that everyone must pray to him and only to him for 30 days or suffer dire punishment. We read in Daniel 6, "Wherefore King Duras signed the writing and the decree." Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he knew the consequences. He went into his house and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem. He kneled upon his knees three times a day and prayed and gave thanks before his God as he did a four time. Whether the three times daily practice derived from Daniel or was in place when the Babylonians conquered Jerusalem and carried Daniel into captivity, I I I don't know. But it was certainly a post- exilic practice time after the exile as as we see here. We're told again in the Jewish tradition, we play what they we pray the shakarit with the morning prayers in the morning, the men literally meaning gift in the afternoon. And these are the names of the offerings in the temple in the morning and the afternoon. So, so when the lambs were slaughtered for sacrifice in the temple, the amadada was being recited. It's also these precise times that Jesus was crucified and when he died, they were silently praying the amadada. The third time is called the maiv, which means evening. It's done at night. It goes on to say that the prayers are identical, these three prayers, but they're framed by readings that vary according to the time of day. And the morning prayers, the amadas preceded by verses of praise, six chapters from psalms and other readings. There's there's a lot of uh structure associated with all of this. Uh the afternoon is preceded by Psalm 145. Heather and I read that at uh at our devotions this morning at the table. It's it's a beautiful psalm. Well, if you walk into a synagogue, it's easy to tell when the congregation is saying the amadada versus any of the other prayers. Prior to the amadada, the ent entire congregation stands up, takes three steps back. They take three steps forward, they bow, and they begin to recite. The amadada is said in an inaudible undertone, kind of a mumbling. It's not for the person next to you to hear. It's between you and God. At its conclusion, the person praying takes three steps back and three steps forward. A lot of ritual associated with this. The prayer is not interrupted by any announcements. It's not accompanied by any singing. Facing toward Jerusalem, every person concentrates on his or her prayers, often looking inside a prayer book, just as you saw in the title slide there. Many sway gently as they mouth the words that only they and their creator can hear. Why? Why facing toward Jerusalem? When Solomon dedicated the original temple, he prayed, "And now, oh God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant David, my father. But will God indeed dwell on the earth? Behold, the heaven and heaven and heavens cannot contain thee, how much less this house that I have builded." This in itself was a a shocking thing because in the religions of that time the temple was literally the house of their god. The god lived in the temple. Solomon is saying you know god doesn't live in this temple. This house that we built for him. He's not confined to this place. He fills the heavens. &gt;&gt; Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant and to his supplication. Oh Lord my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee today, that thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, "My name shall be there, that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place, and hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place and when thou hearest forgive. Solomon's plea is that we would be forgiven. Recognition that we're all sinners no matter how hard we try. We can't meet God's standards without his grace, his mercy, &gt;&gt; his forgiveness. Amen. &gt;&gt; The same thing Jesus was teaching his temples while looking at the dead fig tree as they walked to the very spot where Solomon prayed this prayer. Wh why sway gently? Psalm 35:10 tells us, "All my bones shall say, Lord, who is like unto thee, which delivers the poor from him that is too strong for him? Yay, the poor and the needy from him that spoilth him. So swaying or rocking involves the whole body in worship, not just the hands, not just the mouth, all my bones. That's the the scriptural basis that they use for that particular practice. And then the site goes on to explain the amadada again to establish context in Jesus day. says, "Every day of the year, we're obligated to pray three times a day." Right? The sages said so. On select days of the Jewish calendar, there are variations to the amadada, but it always includes the first three and the last three blessings of the Amad. The structure of the Amad, three blessings of praise, then now 13 blessings of requests, concluded with three blessings of gratitude and thanksgiving. Well, let's just take a little bit of a look at this. Let's look at the opening, the first three blessings. Blessing number one, my Lord, open my lips, and my mouth shall declare your praise. Why do we have lips? So we can praise the Lord. Blessed are you, Lord our God, and God of our fathers. God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob, the great, mighty, and awesome God, exalted God who bestows bountiful kindness, who creates all things, who remembers the piety of the patriarchs, and who in love brings a redeemer to their children's children for the sake of his name. Oh king, you are a helper, a savior, and a shield. Blessed are you, Lord, shield of Abraham. saying this silently between you and the Lord. Second blessing, you are mighty forever, my lord. You resurrect the dead. I don't think the Sadducees prayed this part of the Amadada. You resurrect the dead. You are powerful to save. In the summer, he causes the due to descend. In the winter, he causes the wind to blow and the rain to fall. He sustains the living with loving kindness. resurrects the dead with great mercy, supports the falling, heals the sick, releases the bound, fulfills his trust to those who sleep in the dust. Who is like you, mighty one? Who can be compared to you, King, who brings death and restores life and causes deliverance to spring forth? And the third blessing, you are holy. Your name is holy. Holy beings praise you daily for all eternity. Blessed are you, Lord, the holy God. This brings to mind Isaiah the saraphim flying around. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. I think you'd have to agree this is a beautiful prayer. &gt;&gt; These are wonderful thoughts. Well, rather than read the entire Amadada, an English translation of it, here's an explanatory summary of it from the Kabad website with a few comments that I've put in. And notice that the blessings 4 through 16 varies. Sometimes they're replaced or modified. This is the daily amadada. It's different on Shabbat. It's different on holidays. I'm sure in the opening section we just read, the Sadducees would leave out any references to resurrection. Well, starting with the fourth blessing, we ask for wisdom before all else. Since without wisdom, we can't accomplish anything at all. &gt;&gt; After we have wisdom, we begin to recognize our faults &gt;&gt; and correct them. Therefore, we pray for repentance after praying for wisdom. Only after we have corrected our ways can we ask for forgiveness for past wrongs. Thus, we pray for forgiveness. After praying for repentance, after we have completed repairing our past misdeeds, we want to continue to grow in our Torah study, the word service of God. But we recognize how the great difficulties in our lives hinder us from that growth. So here we pray for redemption from the general difficulties of life. after we've emerged from the greater difficulties. We realize the particular ailments we have that need to be healed. So we pray for healing. Well, during illness, there's often no desire for food. So after praying for healing, we're ready to pray for abundance in produce and in livelihood. After we ask for our basic needs to be fulfilled, we begin to pray for greater and more general blessings, namely the gathering of all the Jewish people in Israel. return from exile. Th this prayer of course was answered in some of our lifetimes in 1948 as Israel was formed and the exiles began to return in abundance. The gathering of the Jewish people will be followed by reinstating the judges who will punish the wicked. Therefore, the text two blessings are requests for reinstating our judges and for punishing the wicked. They tie these two together. This blessing number 12 to punish the wicked came about during the Roman occupation. When that happens, this causes the exaltation of the righteous which is the following request. These developments leading up to the coming of the Messiah will take place in Jerusalem. So here we request that God return his divine presence to Jerusalem. Next, we request the coming of the Messiah, who will be a descendant of King David. At that point, the holy temple, which God refers to as my house of prayer, will be rebuilt. So, here is the request that God accepts all our prayers. Then we will resume the service in the holy temple. So, we ask that the service of the holy temple be reestablished. Of course, in Jesus' time, the temple had been restored and service reestablished. So, the current form of the Amadada reflects the second destruction of the temple in 70 AD. This then is followed by a blessing of thanks for all the good God bestows upon us. Although we've just alluded to the fact that we're currently in exile with all of its difficulties, we acknowledge the abundant good that God gives us each and every day. And finally, after mentioning God's kindnesses to us, we beseech God to continue to bless us and be gracious to us. That's the content of the almadada. This is what people would pray this or something very similar to it in Jesus day. When you stand praying quietly, you're standing, you're praying three times a day, this is what they would pray. Well, Jesus often railed against traditions replacing the commandments like the washing of hands and so forth. When I lived in Israel, a rabbi once told me that the rules and the traditions, he he told me, he said, "Lose of this is is to form a wall. If if if this is what God's word commands us to do, we want to build a fence that's a bit further around that." So that if we violate that, we haven't violated God's commandments, but but we humble ourselves and withdraw. And so we're we're protecting ourselves from violating God's commands. Of course, the danger is that that you're now focused on the fence. Jesus point I think that was focusing not on violating the rules and traditions. You were in danger of being unaware of the commands. There things that God said. They become of none effect as the King James puts it. Again, we're trying to establish context for prayer amongst the Jewish people in the time of Jesus. Why did recited prayers become the norm? We saw Solomon praying from his heart, David praying from his heart. We read in the Bible, Josiah, Hezekiah, so many people, they weren't reading a prayer. Again, from the Kabad organization, they talk a little bit about a fellow called Mammonites, and I'm probably pronouncing that wrong. He was a prominent Jewish sage in the middle ages about the 12th century. He lived in Egypt. Well, his writings indicate that until the destruction of the original holy temple, everyone prayed in their own words. When the Jews were in exile, however, their language became a mix of distorted Hebrew and some other languages of the regions of their exiles. We hear about Aramaic being the the language in Jesus time, a a kind of Hebrew. As a result, according to Mammoth, they weren't able to express themselves properly in prayer. Therefore, Ezra and his uh his he calls it rabbitical court established a set text for everyone to use. Amada. The prayers, we say, take the place of the daily sacrifices brought in the holy temple. The the men of the great assembly who composed and compiled the prayers knew exactly which words and letters to use that would substitute for the sacrifices and bring about the same spiritual effect as the sacrifices would have. Thus, no need for animal sacrifices, no need for a suffering messiah. Remember, this is in the 12th century. It's the middle ages. Jews have been persecuted by Christians for a thousand years by now. So he wants to make sure that they've got that base covered. There's an additional need for a fixed text when it comes to praising God. Praising any entity implies the ability to judge and evaluate that entity. In other words, one who praises is expressing some degree of superiority over the praised one. I congratulate my child. He's done a good job on something and that's good. But if my child congratulates me on doing a good job, well, maybe I did a good job and maybe I didn't, what is I mean, he's a little kid, you know. So a lay person telling a worldclass musician, I I think you play well can be considered humorous or even disrespectful for us humans to praise God for his power and kindness. Denies his true denies they say his true indescribable greatness and the unbridgegable gap between us finite creations and the infinite creator. Therefore, the the Talmud, which is the central text of rabbitic Judaism, think of it as like the Book of Mormon to a member of the Mormon church, the Talmud tells us it's prohibited for an individual to choose how to praise God and describe God's greatness, which would be an act of evaluating and limiting God's greatness. Rather, we use the prescribed praises that our sages have composed based on verses from the Torah. Perhaps it can be added the same applies to the requests in the amadada requesting also implies at least some sense of entitlement or deservingness. Of course, we depend on God's grace. At the very least, it shows that the one requesting has the right to speak to the one being asked. If we were to truly fathom the infinity of God's presence in our own smallalness, we wouldn't feel worthy of asking him anything. Therefore, every request we have indeed the very concept of prayer in the first place needs to be justified by being mandated and alluded to in God's word in his Torah. Again, this is Jewish thought. Despite all this, it should be noted that our sages throughout the generations have recognized and cautioned against the risk of fixed liturgy becoming routine and absent of genuine feeling. Some rabbis have encouraged those praying to add personal intentions or requests in the middle of the blessings so one's prayers will be said with genuine feeling and passion. They recognize the danger. Now, that's mostly from the kabad.org website. Back to us here this evening. We spent a fair amount of time looking at the amadada, the reasons for it and its recitation. This again is to help us understand the context of prayer in Jesus time. the general Jewish perspective of it to this day. I recall a Jewish acquaintance of mine who came to Christianity mentioned that for the first time in his life, prayer was an expression in his own words from his own heart, not reciting someone else's words. From all this, we see why there was such a focus on recitation of prayers in the second temple period. Why? The most common prayer and most widely known was the amadada. It was said almost silently while standing which shows respect. The one being addressed in this case, the Lord certainly outranks the petitioner. But with that little bit of background, it's okay to wake up now. With that little bit of background, let's go back to Matthew 6 and read just a little bit more. Jesus saying, "When thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say to you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet. When thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall move toward thee openly. It's between you and God, not for show, not to be seen. And when you pray, use not vain repetitions the heathen do, for they think they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be ye not therefore like unto them. For your father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask him after this manner, not necessarily to recite, although that's okay, but as an acceptable structure perhaps, therefore pray ye our father which in heaven, hallowed be thy name. This corresponds to the opening blessings of the Amadaha, if you will, that they can associate with in their mind. praise next to the requests. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. And the last corresponds to gratitude and thanks and expression of humility. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. This whole amadada has been compressed in just a few words. Jesus goes on, for if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you. But if you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses. Jesus keeps hammering at this theme of forgiveness. Solomon mentioned it. Lord, when you hear our prayers, forgive us. Jesus is talking about forgiveness. And isn't that at the heart of the gospel? really the good news that God loves us, is ready to forgive us if we'll accept his love and correction, to live a life that is further from sin and closer to holiness, to establish a relationship with him. Let's look at another time Jesus was asked by his disciples about prayer found in Luke's gospel account. Jesus isn't talking about forgiveness, but about how to receive the power to forgive. Luke 11, it came to pass that as he was praying, he Jesus was praying in a certain place. When he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray. John also taught his disciples again looking for a form. Yeah. And Jesus said unto them, when you pray, say, Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done. As in heaven, so in earth. Give us day by day, our daily day by day. This is an ongoing relationship. It's not, well, Lord, give me month supply of food and I'll be back on the first of next month to pray to you again. No, give us this day. Every day, give us this day. Maybe it's meal by meal, right? You want that relationship, that continued connection. Forgive us our sins, for we also forgive everyone that is indebted to us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. And now another lesson that is often taken or presented in part. Jesus goes on said unto them, "Which of you shall have a friend? should go unto him at midnight and say unto him, "Friend, lend me three loaves, for a friend of mine in his journey has come to me, and I have nothing to set before him." Midnight, banging on the door. He from within shall answer and say, "Don't bother me. Trouble me not. The door shut. My children are with me in bed. Everybody's asleep. I can't rise and give you." I say unto you, though he will not rise and give him because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity, he will rise and give him as many as he needeth. Importunity. Importunity. It's an unusual word. Anyone know the definition of importunity? Well, I'll help you out then. A Jewish person might say it means hutzbah, shameless audacity, shameless persistence because you're there making a pest out of yourself. I'll get up and give you the bread. Leave me alone. You may recall a parable of the unjust judge where a woman kept after a judge until he finally gave her what she wanted just to stop her from annoying him. It's the same thing here. Well, let's continue. Will he talk about forgiveness? And I say unto you, ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. Ask. Seek. Bang on the door. For what? For what? For everyone that askketh receiveth. He that seeks finds. To him that knocks it shall be opened. What's he talking about? He gives an example. If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, will he give him a snake, a serpent? If he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion? Of course not. If ye then being evil know how to give good gifts unto your children but but but all this about seeking, finding, knocking, it isn't about us. It's all about him. So what is it that he wants to give us? What is it that we should seek and ask and knock on his door to receive? How much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him? It's what he's talking about. &gt;&gt; That's what he's talking about. That's what we're to ask for. That's what we're to seek. That's what we're to knock until he answers. To be filled with his spirit. And that will, among other things, give us the power to forgive. And that will then enable us to be forgiven. &gt;&gt; Let's look at two more examples. One of a parable about two men praying and one about a prayer of Jesus. In Luke 18, we read, "And Jesus spake this parable unto," he's not saying about this guy. He's not talking about some. He's saying it to certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous and despised others. And maybe he said something like this. You know what you guys remind me of? Let me tell you a story. Two men went into the temple to pray. The one a Pharisee, a person who tried very hard to conform to the law. And the other a publican, a collaborator with the hated Roman occupiers. The Pharisees stood and prayed thus with himself, not out loud, saying it to himself as he stood in an attitude of prayer. God, I thank thee. I'm not as other men are. I there's extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in the week. I give tithes of all that I possess. I'm doing pretty good, Lord. And the publican standing a far off would not so much as raise his eyes to heaven but smokeote upon okay you're awake smote upon his breast saying God be merciful to me a sinner I know I'm not measuring up to your standards Lord help me be merciful can't look up be merciful to me Jesus says I tell you the publican went down to his house justified rather than the Pharisee. For everyone that exaltth himself shall be abased, and he that humble himself shall be exalted. It's not about us. It's not about what we do. As we dug into our final lesson about David last week, we saw that our motive must be of love of God and love of neighbor. We're told that on this everything hangs and the actions of treating others the way wish to we wish to be treated completed that that was the law of the prophets when it's hanging on or its foundation is love of God and love of your neighbor. Paul tells us in first Corinthians about many of the attributes of love. I've experienced over the years people who insist that that's all well and good, that's all wishy-washy. Brother Lyle, don't you know love is corrective. They use it as a weapon to attack anyone who disagrees with them or their particular doctrines or viewpoints. I love you. I'm just correcting you. I'm sure you've never run into that. I've I've run into that. Jesus projected his form of love when as he was being crucified by whom? Physically, his neighbors who also happened to be his oppressors. But it was my sin that put him there. So he said this regarding me, cried out in his agony, "Father, forgive them. Forgive brother Lyall. They don't understand what they're doing. On his last night in Jerusalem, after the last supper, before he and the remaining 11 disciples left the upper room for Gethsemane, Jesus lifted up his eyes to heaven and he prayed. I'll share just a few short sections of that prayer found in the Gospel according to St. John, chapter 17. It's often referred to as Jesus high priestly prayer. I suspect but don't know but I suspect brother Daniel will be covering it in more detail as his series and prayer continues. I'm not putting words in his mouth John 17 Jesus has been praying. He says, "And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee, holy father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me." Why? That they may be one as we are. Unity, not through head knowledge, but through heart relationship. Skipping to verse 15. I pray not that thou should us take them out of the world, but that thou should us keep them from the evil reminds us of the closing lines of what we call the Lord's prayer. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Jesus is very consistent in his message throughout the gospels. On to verse 18. As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. And he will later say, "Go ye into all the worlds and preach the gospel. For their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word." That's each of us. &gt;&gt; None of us were physically alive when Jesus walked the earth. I know I'm old, but I'm not that old. But we know, how do we know of him? Through the testimony of others throughout the ages. We know him through we we know of him. And we know him through applying that testimony in our lives to ask to seek to knock until we receive his Holy Spirit that they all may be one. That's the goal. As thou, Father, art in me and I in thee. That they also may be one in us. that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them, that they may be one, even as we are one. I in them, thou in me, that they may be made perfect, complete, and one, that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved them as thou hast loved me. A few hours earlier that same evening, Jesus had said to the 11, "A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another, as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if you have love one to another." Musicians could could please come. It's not about rules. It's about relationship. Relationship comes about and is strengthened through communication. Our channel of communication is prayer, not wrote recitation. Communication, heart-to-heart. The relationship God wants with us and for us to have with each other is that of love. In 1954, brother Brandham observed in a sermon that he preached that May called the seven church ages. He says, "Now John, he's talking about the disciple John. Now John being old that they are told by historians that he was brought to the the church to preach. And he was so old the only thing he would say was little children love one another. I tell you that's a very good thing to preach on. Little children love one another. As I get old in the ministry now about my 21st year, I think all the time as I go along that this the more I think of the Lord Jesus, the more I begin to find out that it's love that covers the whole thing, the love of God shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Spirit. In his later life, the disciple John present during the events in Jesus life that we read tonight wrote in 1 John 3, "This is the message you have heard from the beginning that we should love one another." My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in truth. A little later in that same letter, he says, "Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another." And finally, one that my wife quotes a lot, we love him because he first loved us. &gt;&gt; I I thank the Lord for each of you this evening. Heather and I, God willing, will be leaving in a couple days for a number of family events in the Pacific Northwest. We may be gone as long as six weeks. It's a little uncertain, but we ask for your prayers for safe travels in return to fellowship with you all. &gt;&gt; If we could stand, we're not going to recite the Amadada. I I won't put it up on the screen, but I'd like us to sing. Blessed be the tithe that binds. I modified verse three just a bit, so pay attention. [Music] Blessed be the tie that binds our hearts in Christian love. The fellowship of kindred minds is like to that above [Music] before our father's throne. We pour our hearted prayers, &gt;&gt; our fears, our hopes, our aims are one, our comforts and our cares. [Music] We share our mutual woes, our mutual burdens bear. And often for each other flows the empathizing prayer. [Music] When we are under parts, it gives us inward pain. &gt;&gt; But we shall still be joined in heart and hope to meet again. Let's sing the verse verse once more as our pastor comes. Blessed be the tide that binds our hearts in Christian love. The fellow fellowship of joy is like to that above. [Music]
