################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-11 - The Life of King Saul Pt4: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-11
Title:   The Life of King Saul Pt4: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WkqueCacC4
========================================

Amen. Let's say a word. Let's open with a word of prayer. And uh Sister Hope, I'm sorry I I didn't read prayer request from your mom. Um Sister Hope writes that she has a prayer request for healing for her mother, Sister Gloria Puit, and she hasn't been feeling well. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Our father, we bring this request also before you in the name of Jesus Christ that you would bless this sister. Father, may she make a full recovery quickly. We ask. And Lord, tonight pray that your hand would be upon us. Lord, the wisdom of the Holy Spirit would guide and direct this service. And help me, Father, as as I open up these script scriptures and this Bible study. I pray that that you'll be with us and guide my words. Father, love you and Lord want it to be for your glory for you are wonderful. We thank you for all you do for us, Lord. A million lifetimes could never say what you do for us. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Is that brother Dennis? You came and you God bless you, brother Dennis McGary, minister of the gospel. Good friend. Bless you. Welcome. Who do we have with you? This is brother Lutus from Romania and his son Chris Lutus. Welcome Romania. God bless you. It's good. It's good to have you. Brother Leen Mution and I have some good friends in Romania. So, it's good to good to see some of the home folks from from that country where there's a whole lot of believers. It's it's good to have you. Thank you for visiting us. On Wednesday night, we have a Bible study and we just we go through books of the Bible or we've been recently we have been going through characters in the Bible. Brother Lyle started our um our study on characters of the Bible with the man Joseph and Joseph's life and we spent a few months on that. Now, brother Lyall and I are going back and forth. Brother Lyall is talking about King David and I have been talking about King Saul and tonight is the next chapter in the life of King Saul. And uh we will be going through basically the book of 1st Samuel chapter 15 tonight talking about this great man of God. Um this this great king that God chose this that uh he gave way to the man that was after God's own heart and that's David. So let's let's get right in to the scriptures. I uh I do. Brother Aaron was supposed to preach tonight and and I know he was prepared and he was ready and then he woke up this morning very sick and and he called me um late morning and said, "Brother brother Dan, I can't do it." And so keep Brother Aaron in your prayers. We want him back at his post of duty. We are incomplete without every one of us. God's program, God's body is built on every single member. And when one member is missing, that body is incomplete and that body is not fully functional. So, we all want to be at our post of duty and we all want to be working for the Lord. So, I put together this quickly. I wasn't planning on ministering tonight, but uh I'm I'm excited. I'm excited. Always excited to read the Bible and open up the word. 1st Samuel chapter 15. And uh we will just go through this chapter and we'll see how far we get. Hopefully we'll get through 15 and maybe 16 and even 17 tonight. We'll we'll see how how it goes. 1st Samuel chapter 15 reads like this. Samuel also said unto Saul, before we get going, let let me give a little bit of a background for uh some of the the visitors. We've been going through the uh the book of 1 Samuel and how that God had chosen Saul to be king. The people wanted a king. They saw that Samuel was getting old. Samuel was the last in the book of Judges. He was the last judge and also one of the greatest prophets that has ever lived. And this man Samuel, he he led Israel uh as as a great prophet would with the Lord speaking through him and him guiding. And then the people saw that Samuel started to get old and Samuel's sons were sinners. and they saw that that they didn't want these these offspring to be their leader because they knew that they would fail because of their immoral lives. So they came to Samuel and they said, "Listen, you're getting old and we need someone to lead us. All of these other nations have a king that leads them into battle. We want a king." And it hurt Samuel. It offended Samuel. Samuel was basically like, "Hey, I'm not dead yet. I'm I'm still leading." And and it you can imagine how it offended him. And Samuel went before the Lord. And one thing that that God said to Samuel, he said, "Samuel, they have not forsaken you." Remember that. And maybe I'll get into that this weekend or in the next in the next month or so. Samuel, they have not forsaken you, but they have forsaken me. And he said, give them a king. And we'll read the scripture if if we get that far down. We'll read again where God chose this man, Saul. Saul, the Bible says, he was tall. He was good-looking. and he turned out to be a great warrior and a great leader. He became he was exactly what Israel wanted. They wanted somebody to lead them into battle and this was the man and he did a great job. And we went through the the first part of his reign as king and everything was going well and then things started to go south in his in his kingdom in his reign and he started making bad decisions started making ill-thoughtout decisions. He didn't seek the Lord on certain things. He got hasty and he started making just just poor decisions for the people and ignoring the Lord. And now we come to the final straw as we say. This is the straw that broke the camel's back as it says. This is the final straw in Sam or in Saul's reign. This is when God takes his hand off of King Saul. So 1 Samuel uh chapter 15 verse one, Samuel also said unto Saul, "The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel. Now therefore, hearken unto the voice of the words of the Lord. So Samuel right here, he's establishing himself as a prophet and as a spokesman for God. He tells Saul, "The reason you are king is because God told me to anoint you. Now if you believe that I was led of the Lord to anoint you king, now listen to me, Saul. Thus sayaeth the Lord of hosts." Only a prophet can say that. Thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, I remember that which Amalecch did to Israel, how he laid weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amalecch. Amalecch is the Amalachites. It's a group of people. All right. Now go and smite Amalecch and utterly destroy all that they have and spare them not. But slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, and camel and ass. So he's saying sl kill kill everybody. And when when he says everybody, he means sheep and oxes and goats and donkeys, men, women, and children. And he gives very specific instructions. And Samuel is saying, "This isn't me. God is saying this Saul now you do it. It's very important that the prophet he didn't miss me any words. He said thus sayaith the Lord utterly destroy everything that they have. And there are times friends there are times when things seem right and we do what we think is right. And that is that's most of the time for a Christian. When we make a decision, we're doing what we think is right. And this is what seems right to do in a certain situation. You pray about it and you make your best decision based on your revelation of the word of God and your morals and your best judgment. That's that's what we all do most of the time. Most of the time we we really don't get an answer from God. We're trying and we're seeking God. But sometimes you need to make a decision that doesn't line up with your understanding. And remember that it's not always what makes sense to us that God chooses. I remember when I was I don't know 15 years ago or so. I saw a need in the ministry and it was it was a certain amount of money and I I thought, you know what, I can cash out my retirement and I can pay for this this part of the ministry. And I thought, you know, that's right. I'm going to make a sacrifice. And it sounds good, right? It's like, oh, you know, it's you're going to make a sacrifice. I wasn't going to tell anybody. And I was just going to I was going to go into my 401k. I was going to cash everything out and and pay for this certain part. And and I got it in my mind that this was the right thing to do because it sounds right. You know, you make a great sacrifice. And right before I was able to do it, someone came in, a church or or whatever it was came in and they paid for that part of the ministry that needed the money. And now I look back at it and it would have been a terrible mistake for me to do that. That was just me getting worked up about something and wanting to do something right, but really not seeking God in it. And you think, well, brother Daniel, you would have you would have been able to make a great sacrifice, but it wasn't God's will that I would have made that sacrifice. And thank God, he protected me because he knew my heart. And then there was another time when I had the chance to go into the ministry and I was a young man and I was doing really well in my job and Stephanie and I were were making good money. I was in my early 30s and and everything was just going really really good as far as our finances and we were happy and and everything was good. The kids were growing up and it was just a good time to be alive. And then the Lord gave me an opportunity to quit my job and go into the ministry. And I did make that choice after prayer. Put it before the Lord and and the Lord laid it on my heart to give up my career for a fraction of the money that I was making before. And that was the right decision for me to make. And the Lord blessed it. And I believe he's even still blessing it. And it was it was right. So So sometimes it's like what seems right isn't necessarily always what's right. And it may you may get excited and want to do something for the Lord, but you can do the some you can do something for the Lord and it not be his will. So always seek God. And that's what Saul, he wasn't good at doing that. And in this case, Saul actually had an easier decision than most of us had. Samuel came to Saul and specifically told him that God said, "Thus sayeth the Lord." heard. He said, "God said to destroy Amalecch and everyone associated with with that group of people, even the king, kill all the Amalachites and everything associated with them." So, this was specific instruction from God. But that doesn't mean that there wasn't any pressure on King Saul in making the right choice. the sto the choice even though he had heard from God the choice was still his and that's how God has done things from the beginning he gives us an answer and then he lets the questions be asked but it's up to us to make the decision so he shows us here's the right thing to do and then here comes the tempter here comes the problems for the youth, it's like, should I go to that party? Should I hang out with these friends? Is it okay to be intimate with this boy or this girl? And you know the answer. You know what's right? But it's still up to you to make the right decision. And it's easy to make an excuse in your mind why it's okay to do certain things. And for us adults, it's we know or we should know what the Bible says. Every sermon in the New Testament is about Christ, is about Jesus. Every single one. Almost everything in the New Testament either points to morality and living a life that was taught by Christ or it points to the deity of Jesus Christ and salvation through him. And yet we make excuses in our minds why it's okay to preach something different than Christ. We want something other than the Bible, something beyond the Bible. And then we accept those teachings as normal. And people make the conscious decision to go against the Bible and go against the Bible and add to the word. The Book of Mormon, it's called an extension of the Bible. It's another testament of Jesus Christ is what the is what a Mormon says. Morma Jeho Mormons Jehovah Witness with the Jehovah Witness with the Watchtower publications Christian Science and the writings of Mary B Mary Baker Baker Eder I think is her name. Ed, Eddie or Eder Eddie her publications and then they take that, they add to the Bible and it becomes extra biblical, something more than the Bible. And you'll find out that 100% of the time people will concentrate more on what is added rather than the Bible. It's always they want to introduce you to the Book of Mormon. They want to introduce you to the Watchtower. They want to introduce you to these prophecies. They want to introduce you to these things. And they lesson the Bible. And that's we know that the Bible it instructs in certain ways but we make excuses either to plead the please the church or to please our parents or to please our friends or to simply fit in to our society for fit into our surroundings. And this is the mistake that Saul is about to make. He knew the instructions from God but he didn't want to make a stand when Samuel said a thing that was hard to accept. Verse number four. And Saul gathered the people together and numbered them in Tum 200,000 footmen and 10,000 men of Judah. And Saul came to to the to a city of Amalecch and laid weight in the valley. And Saul said unto the Kenites, "Go and depart, get you down from among the Amalachites, lest I destroy you with them, for you showed kindness to all the children of Israel when they came up out of Egypt." So the Kenites departed from among the Amalachites. Brother Lyall and I both have touched on this situation, but this is about Saul. So we're going to we're going to keep focusing on Saul now. And Saul took a king of the Amalachites alive and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword. So Saul mostly followed the instructions from the Lord, but mostly doesn't count. God throughout the Old Testament and even in the New Testament requires a complete surrender. Even more so in the New Testament than the Old Testament. He requires a complete surrender. Jesus said, "Straight is the gate and narrow is the way and few there will be that find it." It's very easy to just give God God part of your life or even most of your life. It's easy to do that, but he requires all of it. And he required all of Saul. Every bit of them. And here's Saul's big mistake in the pivotal time in his reign as king. Verse number nine. But Saul and the people spared Aag. Remember Aag is the king of the Amalachites. And the best of the sheep and of the oxen and of the fatlings and the lambs and all that was good and would not utterly destroy them. But everything that was vile and refuge they refuse they utterly destroyed. Doesn't that make sense? You start our mind thinking it makes sense. God hates evil and he loves good, right? Why would we destroy all these valuable valuable animals that could be used to feed all the Israelites and feed the poor? The men could take these animals maybe and start their own herds and and be prosperous or and Saul's going to give another excuse. These are nicel lookinging animals. They could be used for something even higher. And I I'll I'll say what those are here in a minute. And King Aag wouldn't want King Aag was he was this king, but wouldn't we want to show mercy? You know, God's full of mercy. So, it might make sense in our mind, let's let's show mercy to this to this man, too. But God had instructed Isaiah said, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts." When the Lord's speaking, he said, "Neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts." So God's not obligated to fit into our image of what God should be. Just because it makes sense, just because it seems right, even just because it feels right, does not make it right. Then came the word of the Lord unto Samuel, saying, It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king, for he has turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments, and grieve, and it grieved Samuel, and he cried unto the Lord all night. It repented me, God speaking. English Standard Version says, "The word of the Lord came to Samuel. I regret that I have made Saul king, for he has turned back from his from following me and has not performed my commandments." And Samuel was angry and cried to the Lord all night. Then oddly in verse 28 and 29 it says this. And Samuel said to him, 'The Lord has torn the kingdom of Israel from you this day and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you. And also the glory of Israel will not lie or have regret. For he is not a man that he should have regret. And then yet here it's saying that God regrets that he even made Saul king. And then verse 35 it says, "And the Lord regretted that he had made Saul king over Israel." This is my opinion on that. God is not understandable to us. We just read where his ways are not our ways. His thoughts are not our thoughts. His thoughts are higher than our thoughts. And we look to God for mercy and we look to him for guidance. But we don't really look to him to understand him. Understanding God. If we truly understood the way that he was, we would not need any faith. Oh, because we understand it. So there wouldn't be no faith there. And God requires faith. So in in the really God's omnisient he he understand he he knows all things. But then you look at the Bible, you look in the garden of Eden. If he's omnisient, why would he be walking through the garden saying, "Adam, Adam, where are art thou?" Why would he ask Adam, "What have you done? Have you done what I told you not to? Have you eaten of this tree?" Then he already knew the answer. So, we don't understand why the Bible was written. And in the case of Saul, God knew what he was doing, what he was going to become. God knew what Saul was going to become because he said, he told the people, he said, "You're going to regret this. You're going to regret having this guy your king because he's going to take your young man and he's going to be harsh on you." And so then he later on it says that he repents of making Saul king. So when we repent, it's not that we just feel bad. When we repent, we go back to a certain thing that we did and we make it right. So repentance is not just regret. It's doing something about what you did earlier. So saying that God made a bad decision, that's not right. He's He's perfect. He's God. So, what I think it can be best sum summed up in in doing this in in saying that God repented. He went back is that God was disappointed with Saul. And he gave him every opportunity, but Saul continued to make bad decisions. And now God is going to go back to the place where he made Saul king. and he is going to make another man king and move forward from there. So, back to Saul not destroying everything from um the Amalachites including the king. Verse number 12. And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to to Carmel, and behold, he set him up a place, and has gone about and passed on and gone down to Gilgal. And Samuel came to Saul, and Saul said to him, "Blessed be thou of the Lord. I have performed the commandment of the Lord. I've done what you said, Samuel." Yeah, sure you have, Saul. Yeah, you were brave in battle. You destroyed the warriors you were against. Yes, you destroyed all of the e evil people, but you did not do everything that God commanded. But Saul's saying, "Hey, look what I did." And Samuel said, "What meanth then this bleeding of the sheep in mine ears and the loing of the oxen which I hear?" So the prophet comes and he hears all of this livestock and he I told you to kill everything. Why? Why am I hearing all of these sheep and all that? And Samuel said, what meanth this bleeding of the sheep in mine ears and loing of the oxen which I hear? And Saul said, they have brought them from the Amalachites for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God. and and the rest we have utterly destroyed. So he's like, "Oh, it's okay, Samuel. Don't don't worry about it. This was for the Lord. We did this for God. We wanted him to have the best." And again, serving God is not what you think is the best. Serving God is following his word. And we The word, the absolute in our lives is the Bible. No matter what we think, no matter if we don't agree with it, that is God's word. Then Samuel said unto Saul, "Stay, and I will tell thee what the Lord hath said to me this night." And he said unto him, "Say on." Now, there's a transition going on here behind the scenes. Samuel is getting older and he's soon going to die. And Saul is getting more comfortable with his role as king and the authority that comes with it. So much so that there are times, and we'll read here in a little bit, that Samuel is afraid of Saul. He's afraid that Saul is going to kill him. So Saul has a has a weakness of making hasty deci decisions and caving to the desires of the people. And he is also developing really a power trip. Saul's not good with authority. And one of the worst traits he has is only thinking about himself. And to me really all of Saul's faults. Everything that Saul does, you can take it back and it's really it seems like it's driven by fear. He's afraid. He's afraid of losing his position as king. He's afraid of the people. He's afraid of Samuel. and he fears and and he fears that what's going to happen afterwards. And when fear enters in into our lives, in any of us when you start to feel fear, many times you'll act out and in ways that you wouldn't expect. Maril Lee's got this I hope she she's probably listening. She's she's got this dog and this little thing is sometimes it's afraid of people. And when that thing's afraid of you, it'll go and bark and and and just make all kinds of noise and it'll run outside and just it'll just not be a good dog. But when it's not afraid of you, boy, it'll jump up in your lap and and love on you and and just be a really a sweet animal. And then there's other dogs that when they're afraid of you, they're going to lash out and they're going to bite you. And it's really fear. The dog doesn't want to eat you. It's afraid of you. And it's def it feels like it's defending itself. And that's how this Saul is. He's he's really overcome with fear. And Samuel said, "When thou was little in thine own sight, was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel? And the Lord anointed thee king over Israel?" He says, "When you were little in your own sight." Very key word there. The key word is were. When you were little, meaning you're not anymore. It means that that's in the past. So when God made him king, Saul was great and he did a great job. But things are rapidly changing in Saul's life. And we see friends, we see that this is manifested not just in Saul, but it's manifested all over the place. I've heard I'm gonna preach for a minute. I've I've heard people tell me that, you know, when this church started, everything was really good. People were coming to the altar and we had new converts and we were baptizing new people and then things started to change and it was because they got there was more confidence. There was there was more reliance on the church or reliance on the pastor, reliant on the leader rather than relying on God. Remember the book of Judges and and things start out really good, but then they start to fail later on because we're not humble in our own eyes. You start with look at Martin Luther. Martin Luther was wonderful. Martin Luther did great things. And then after Martin Luther, they started to form this Lutheran organization to where we are the elite and their what happened was their humility started to die and it got replaced with their love for their doctrines and then they started cutting people out and saying we the Lutheran are the great ones. Same thing with John Wesley. John and Charles Wesley were wonderful people. They they did incredible things in England and and going around and and winning souls and and converting people into into Christianity and out of Catholicism and out of heathenism and and things were just going really really good. They had a methodical approach to the gospel and it worked very good for that time. And then as times changed they said now we are the elite and their humility that was once there. Their humility leaves and then they start saying here's how you have to do your work. Here's the doctrine that you have to have to be. You have to be a Methodist to be really a child of God and the Lord leaves. William Seymour, the Pentecostal Church in the early 1900s, tremendous great gifts and healings and and great things went around the world and they they they were they they would pray all night and they were meeting all all hours of 24 hours a day. They were having services there at Isuza Street. People would come in from all over the world and they would speak in tongues and they would receive the Holy Spirit. And then it started the humility started to leave and it started to be replaced with these doctrines that you have to speak in tongues to have truly have the Holy Spirit. And as times changed, they said, "No, you can't move on. You have to have this. This is the way. We are the elite. We are the Pentecostals. And then God just leaves it because the humility was gone. And that's exactly what happens to Saul here. He loses his humility. Verse number 17 again. And Samuel said, "When thou was little in thine own sight, was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the Lord anointed thee king over Israel?" And the Lord sent thee on a journey, and said, "Go and utterly destroy the sinners, the Amalachites, and and fight against them until they be consumed." Wherefore then didest thou not obey the voice of the Lord, but didest fly upon the spoil, and didest evil in the sight of the Lord? He's saying here, so so Saul is going to pass the blame, but he's Samuel here is saying, "No, you did it, Saul." He's saying, "You're the one responsible. You wanted the money. You were responsible for the livestock." And Saul said unto Samuel, "Yeah, I've obeyed the voice of the Lord." Look at now he's feeling more bold. Yay. I have obeyed the voice of the Lord and have gone the way which the Lord sent me and have brought Aag, the king of the king of Amalecch, and have utterly destroyed all the Amalachites. There's a tr transition taking place in this man. And he's saying here, what I did, I did what I was supposed to do. It wasn't my fault. But the people, Saul still speaking, but the people took of the spoil, the sheep, and the oxen, the chief of the things which which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgal. He's saying, Samuel, they took the the stuff, they took the the livestock to sacrifice to your God. And Samuel said, "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices?" This is one of those Bible verses. This is one to commit to memory. This is one that is one of those just gems in the Bible. They're all gems. It's all the word of God. But this is one that is really a good one to remember. And Samuel said, "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, it is better to o to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken better than the fat of rams." To obey is better than sacrifice. And to listen to God more than all the sacrifices that you can make. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. Wow. The New Living Translation says, "What is more pleasing to the Lord, your burnt offerings and sacrifices or your obedience to his voice?" Listen, obedience is better than sacrifice. And submission is better than offering the fat of rams. Rebellion is as sinful as witchcraft. Wow. And stubbornness is as bad as worshiping idols. So because you have rejected the command of the Lord, he has rejected you as king. Verse number 24. That hit him hard. And Saul said to Samuel, "I have sinned, for I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord and thy words because I feared the people and obeyed their voice." Now he's being honest. He's saying, "I was afraid. That's the reason I did these things. And how many sins really, as I was saying before, are a result of fear? People lash out because they're fear someone's talking about them. People lash out because they're afraid of losing their position in church. Pastors attack the people in their church because they are afraid. Dictators, they kill their rivals because they're afraid their rivals might replace them. Democrats are afraid of Republicans being in power, so they spread these crazy lies about them wanting to kill minorities or prevent certain demographics from having medicine. And it goes on and on. And Republicans do the same, which is not as bad. Let's go back. Let's go back to uh Saul pleading with Samuel. Now therefore I pray thee, pardon my sin and turn again with me that I may worship the Lord. Now friends, sometimes God requires us to separate from someone who is a bad influence in our lives. And Samuel here is separating himself from Saul. And Samuel and as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid Saul laid upon laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle and rented. So Samuel turns or Samuel turns to go and Saul tried to hold him back and tore the hem of his robe. And Samuel said unto him, "The Lord hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbor of thine who is better than thou. Ouch, that was hard. He's saying, Saul, the Lord has given the kingdom to someone who is better than you. So, who is the prophet speaking about? We know who David. And also the strength of Israel will not lie nor repent for he is not a man that he should repent. And you notice the capitalization in the King James that it's talking about the Lord there speaking of God, the strength of Israel. Then he said, then Saul said, 'I have sinned, yet honor me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people and before Israel, and turn again with me that I may worship the Lord." So Samuel turned again after Saul, and Saul worshiped the Lord. So we see a tenderness here in Samuel at Saul's repentance. But I think Samuel knew that Saul's repentance was just going to be short-lived. And it was a repentance really because he got caught. And how many of us and how many do we see when someone really repents, but they're repenting just just because they got caught? But then there's a repentance, friends, that when we repent, say, 'Lord, I did wrong. And you come before him and you you confess, not that you got caught, but that you're just really laying it out there. But here, Saul's just repenting because he got caught. And Samuel sees that. And it's really most likely the case that it was just a an insincere repentance. But there's one thing left. Remember all the instructions that Samuel had given to Saul. He didn't kill the king. And then said Samuel, "Bring ye hither to me Aag the king of the Amalachites." And Aag came to him delicately. And Aag said, "Surely the bitterness of death has passed." So it came to him delicately. Yeah, I I'll I'll bet he did come to Samuel. He's like, "Hey, Sam." You know, you're not mad anymore, right? We lost the battle. And he's like, "Hey, the the wrath has passed, right?" No. And Samuel said, now Samuel is a prophet. He's doing exactly what God had instructed. And Samuel said, "As thy sword has hath made women childless, so shall thy mother be childless among women." And Samuel hewed a gag into pieces before the Lord in Gilgal. Then Samuel went to Rama, and Saul went up to his house in Gibia of Saul. And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death. He's separated from this bad influence and he knew that God wasn't with this man. So Samuel wanted to be away from a man that that was really God had separated himself from and he was going down the wrong road. We can't always friends we can't always save someone that is passing that is going down the wrong direction. We always want to we always want to jump in and and take care of them. But there is a time when when no we are not strong enough to go to go with that person and we need to separate ourselves from unbelief also. There's a time for that. There's a time to put your hand in the fire as Jude said and then there's a time as this is saying here that Samuel separated himself from Saul. So we will um and Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death. And nevertheless, Samuel mourned for Saul. And the Lord repented that he had made Saul king over Israel. So the Lord regretted that he made Saul king. And I really believe that this was because that he was just very disappointed in this man Saul. So we'll close and uh let me summarize the next few chapters. Remember Samuel had said that God had chosen someone better to be king. We know that was David. So in chapter 16, David's anointed king. Let me uh let me read uh chapter 16 verse one because one and two because I think it's important. says this uh 1st Samuel 16:1, "And the Lord said unto Samuel, how long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? Fill thine horn with oil, and go, and I will send thee to Jesse the Bethleamite, for I have provided me a king among his sons." Now look at the difference right here in what God says when he had anointed um Saul king in 1st Samuel 9. It says this. Now the Lord had told Samuel in his year talking about Saul now. Now the Lord had told Samuel in his ear the day before Saul came, saying, "Tomorrow about this time, I will send you a man from the land of Benjamin, and you shall anoint him commander over my people Israel, that he may save my people from the hand of the Philistines, for I have looked upon my people because their cry has come to me." So he's saying that I'm going to send this man, and he's going to save the people from the Philistines. He's going to be a great warrior. Now, look what he says about David. He says,"For I have provided me a king." Look at the difference. A man after God's own heart, this man David, "I have provided me a king among his sons." And Samuel said, "How can I go? If Saul hear it, he will kill me, and the Lord will take a hepher with thee and say, I am come to Well, I'm sorry. And and he will kill me. And the Lord said, "Take a heer with thee and say, I am come to sacrifice to the Lord." So here we see that even Samuel now is afraid of Saul. And he fears for his life. So Samuel knows that something is off with this man. So the Lord sends Samuel to Jesse. He chooses one of his sons. Samuel doesn't know which of Jesse's eight sons uh that's going to be king. And the Lord says uh this this is important, too. The Lord says this when um he's looking for someone that's going to be tall and good-looking and a great warrior like David was or like Saul was. So here Samuel goes and he's going to these these sons of Jesse and he's looking for somebody like Saul. Now look at the difference. He uh the king, it says this in verse seven, but the Lord said unto Samuel, "Look not on his countenance or on his height, of his stature, because I have refused him. For the Lord Lord seeth not as a man seeth, for man lookketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord lookth on the heart." So this king is not going to be like the last one. The first king was the most kingly looking one and the obvious choice. But this one, this choice was the choice of God. Choice of God's heart and a man after God's own heart. About this time, we see an evil spirit enter into Saul. David is chosen to play the harp for Saul because it makes him feel better. And and it worked. David comes in and he uses his talents to really set the mood. And even in verse 21, it says that Saul loved David greatly. And then David became Saul's armor bearer. In chapter 17, the m the uh worship team can come. Chapter 17, David and Goliath. David was just a boy and Saul was really the most powerful and capable person in the entire country. And it's really amazing that Saul was a masterful leader and a masterful general. But when he saw Goliath and when he saw the Philistines over on the other side, Saul knew saying, "We don't want to fight that battle because we'll lose." But then David comes. Saul was looking at the flesh and Saul was looking at if he could win a physical battle. But David in his youth was trusting in God. And David cries out. He says, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of the living God?" David already as a young man was demonstrating the power of faith. Something that Saul even then we see that he was lacking. Even though God was with Israel, David was taking God at his word. And Saul was more reliant on his armies and his abilities. So we see Saul is starting now to go down this road and he never really turns back here. And I think that I'll probably in the next time that I teach on Saul. I think we'll wrap up Saul's life. But this was the final straw that when he didn't do what God said and he left all the animals, didn't kill the king is when God really just took his hand off of Saul and then an evil spirit that come that came from God. The Bible says comes in and starts tormenting Saul and his life really is miserable and it's from then on it's just dominated by fear. Saul, another one of the chapters.
