################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-13 - The Law and the Heart of a Man, Sermon on the Mount Pt4: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-13
Title:   The Law and the Heart of a Man, Sermon on the Mount Pt4: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqauOcoQPEk
========================================

Good to be in church. Anyone in Sunday school, go ahead and head to the back right now before we sing this song. Anyone in Sunday school, walk towards Brother Lyall. We dedicate this temple, this place that we're worshiping in, but also this temple here. Amen. Let's sing this. [Music] We dedicate this temple to you Lord. [Music] Let your glory fill this sanctuary be enthroned on the praises of your people. Lord, we agree in unity. This is your house. [Music] Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Lord, come and dwell. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, overflow this place. [Music] Decorate our walls with grace and mercy and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house, Lord. Come and let's sing the second verse. Holy Spirit, overflow this place. Holy Spirit, overflow this place. [Music] Decorate our walls with grace and mercy and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. We humbly pray. Let's sing it together. Oh, this is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. [Music] This is your house. Lord, come and dwell. [Music] Amen. Would you stand with me? Shake someone's hand and welcome them to church. We're here to give the Lord praise. Give the Lord worship. My God is awesome. [Music] My God is awesome. [Music] I said that cuz it's the song we're singing, but I was expecting someone to say amen or clap your hands or something. My God is awesome. Let's sing it together. My God is awesome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. [Music] Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened forever. He will. Let's sing that verse again. My God is awome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. [Music] My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Give strength where I've been weakened. Forever He will reign. Sing it. My God is awesome. My God is awome. The chorus. Awome. [Music] Oh, awesome. He's awesome. My God is awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Let's sing verse two. My God, my God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. Oh my God is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awesome. My God is awome. Awome. Awome. He's awome. Sing that. My God is awome. Awome. [Music] He's awome. Awesome. Sing. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. Awome. Sing that again. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. Awesome. Sing. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awome. Awesome. Sing that again. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awome. Awome. Just our voices. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. Awome. [Music] Awome. [Music] My God is awesome. Awome. [Music] Awesome. Awome. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. He lives within the praises of his people. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. He's worthy. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. &gt;&gt; He's awome. Oh, sing that again. He's worthy. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. He's worthy. He's worthy. He's worthy. He's awome. Awome. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, you are awesome. &gt;&gt; You are an awesome God. Hallelujah. We're going to sing shout to the Lord. Brother L's going to open in prayer. All the brothers want to come forward to open in prayer this morning. Amen. What a wonderful here here this morning, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Isn't the Lord good? &gt;&gt; He lives within the praises of his people. &gt;&gt; We can do one thing today. Let's honor him. Let's give him glory. Let's give him our worship. Let's keep our hearts focused on him. Not on what we're going to do tomorrow. Not on what happened yesterday. It's about Jesus this morning. Amen. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. I want to praise wonders of your mighty, your mighty love. My comfort, [Music] my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, [Music] all that I am, never cease to worship [Music] you. [Music] Oh, shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roll at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's sing that again. My Jesus, my savior. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. You're my comfort, Lord. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath. Oh, all that I am. [Music] Never cease to worship you. Give him praise. this morning. Oh, shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever last. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. I sing for joy in the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares. [Music] &gt;&gt; Sing nothing compares. &gt;&gt; Oh nothing compares to the pro. &gt;&gt; One more time. Nothing compares. Oh, nothing compares to the proile in you. Good morning. Oh, it's such a such just a presence, a feeling, unity, worship, love, the power of God. Mountains bow down. Any mountains in your life, they're going to bow down. They're going to bow down at the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, I love them this morning. I'm I'm just I'm happy. I If, if you can't tell, I'm happy this morning. We've got a a praise here from our sister Rebecca Zubbran. Praising the Lord. My dad, John Brunan, is home recovering. You may recall several weeks ago he uh fell off a ladder and severely broke his leg in a few places. And he's home now, still in therapy, still still recovering, but uh praising the Lord. He still has a bit to cover, says the note. And also reminds me that our uh sister Susan Lipicard in Switzerland that had that uh cancer operation and she's still at home recovering. We don't want to just because a request has been brought up every week doesn't mean that we should forget about those that have been brought. Got a very serious request this morning from our sister Erica Morales. Please really put this one in your heart. Please pray for me and my daughter Gia. Monday we are filing emergency papers for sole custody of her. Her home life with her father is no longer livable. So please, she's with me now. Nothing is more precious in our lives than our children. And to see them raised in an atmosphere of love and respect, being raised to serve the Lord, to honor him, to realize our relationship with each other. That this one really touched my heart. If we can just go to the Lord in prayer. If you have anything on your heart, anything at all, especially especially if it's for someone else, then please let's go to the Lord. Lord Jesus, we're in awe of you. Nothing nothing compares as we just sang. Mountains will bow down, Lord. Nothing can stand before the power of your name, Lord, with your spirit behind it and in your will. Lord, we pray for healing, Lord, for those that have asked for it, Lord, and for Lord, all those that are suffering, Lord. I I I I think of uh of my niece up in Presca going undergoing all the the cancer therapy and everything right now, Lord, but especially for this prayer for our sister Erica, Lord, and this home life, Lord, for her daughter that she could just be brought into the into that home, Lord, where where you are recognized, Lord, and where there's that love, Lord, that respect and there's no uh abuse or whatever the issues are that are going on that we don't know the details, but you know every detail. We thank you for this service this morning. I thank you that so many are here to worship you, to acknowledge you, to be together, Lord, in unity and faith, Lord, and just the love that you've placed in our hearts for one another. Bring us together now, Lord. And as our pastor comes to bring the word this morning and and another song or two of worship, Lord, and praise, Lord, and just recognizing our place, Lord, with respect to you, how we love you, Lord. How we Lord, we're just so grateful. We just want to say thank you and thank you again. And Lord, for the offerings and the gifts that are coming, Lord, we just pray that they'd be used in accordance with your will and for your purposes to further the kingdom, to bring others in, Lord, to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ. We thank you and we worship you in Jesus precious name. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can all have your seats. [Music] We could get some more guitar right here on this. this one. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm praying for everything's going to be all right. Lord, I see another battle. It's out in front of me. I'm afraid I won't be able and I'll go down in defeat. He said, "Do you remember where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you at how far you've come." And every time you ask me, "Didn't I deliver you?" So why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see you through? &gt;&gt; Didn't I walk on the water? &gt;&gt; I calmed the raging sea. &gt;&gt; I spoke to the wind and hushed and I gave you peace. Didn't I run to your resue? And I hear you when you call. &gt;&gt; I walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. &gt;&gt; Then I leave all of heaven just to die for your sins. &gt;&gt; I searched until I found you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I do it all again. Well, she's talking to her father. She's hurt and so confused. She has no one she can turn to. Just God alone. She hears a voice so still and low. Says a move like that before. I'll do this little thing for you. I'll give you so much more. Didn't I walk on the water? Didn't I calm the raging sea? &gt;&gt; I spoke to the wind. &gt;&gt; It hushed and I gave you peace. Then I run to your resue. Then I hear you when you called. I walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? &gt;&gt; I searched until I found you. Oh, I do it all again. Did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? &gt;&gt; I searched until I found you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I do it all again. [Applause] This song has been on my heart for a little while. Uh, keep putting off singing it, but uh, finally decided to sing it. But, uh, name of the c the song is the cross. And, uh, there's a couple lines in the second verse that really speak to me. Um, who told you grace can't reach the messed up ones like you? Has the devil made you believe the lies he tells are true? When you're sure that you're the one who's wandered too far off, it's not too late. Just come home to the cross. So, um, actually the one I wanted was actually verse two. Everybody's got a list at least a mile long of every scar and every sin from everywhere where we've done wrong. I know we see our own faults and we build a list and other people build a list against us, but Christ doesn't see that list. The the next lines are but there's reason for rejoicing. The reason is because that list was nailed to the cross. So if you know it, sing it with me. [Music] [Music] You've been trying hard to bear the weight of all your shame. And if there's a God up there, you're sure he forgot your name. When your steps are getting heavy and hope looks all but lost, just bring it all to the cross. Who told you grace can't reach messed up ones like you? Has the devil made you believe the lies he tells are true? When you're sure that you're the one who's wonder too far off, it's not too late. Just come home to the cross. Come and see your savior's love that would die to make you new. Nothing you have ever done can change what mercy's done for you. And if you ever wonder if you're worth so great a cause, look up and see the cross. Everybody's got a list at least a mile long. every scar and every sin from everywhere we've done wrong. But there's reason for rejoicing. And the reason is because that list was nailed to the cross. Come and see a Savior's love that would die to make you new. Nothing you have ever done can change what mercy's done for you. And if you ever wonder if your word so great a cost, look up and see the cross. He was wounded for your wounds. Pierced for all your sins. By his stripes you are healed. He died so you could rise again. He let the blood and water flow. Did it all. Let you know you're the reason that he went to the cross. Oh, he's calling you to run home to the cross. Come and see Savior's love that would die to make you new. Nothing you have ever done can change what mercy's done for you. And if you ever wonder if you're worth so great a cause, look up and see the cross. Look up and see the cross. Look up and see the cross. [Applause] Thank you, brother Michael. Would you all stand with me as brother Daniel gets ready to come? We're going to sing, "What a friend we have in Jesus." There's a line in here that says, uh, "Oh, what peace we often forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear all because we do not carry everything to God in prayer." It says, "Needless pain we bear. which sometimes offends people because they say, "My pain is real. What needless pain we bear just because all we have to do is give it to the Lord." The man who wrote this song was from Ireland. He moved to Canada, got engaged, and his fiance died the night before their wedding. So, he moved back out east. uh in eastern Canada and several years later got engaged again and again his wife to be died twice. He had that happen to him and he wrote in a tear stained letter these words to his mother. What a friend we have in Jesus. I would say that this this man had some pain that he bore in his life and he said we bear it and we hold on to it and we carry it with us only because we don't just give it to the Lord if we just give it to the Lord in prayer. Let's sing this verse. His name was Joseph Scriven. And I think this song is more alive than it was when he first wrote it. What a friend we have in Jesus. [Music] All our sins and griefs to bear. Oh, what a privilege to care. Read everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace. Oh, what peace we often forfeit. [Music] Oh, what needless pain we bear. [Music] All because we do not care. everything to God in prayer. As brother Daniel comes, let's just sing that again. Let's raise our hands to the Lord. What a friend we have in Jesus. [Music] all our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; What an understatement about what a friend that we have in Jesus. &gt;&gt; He is truly a friend. He's been a friend to me my whole life. He's been a friend to you. What a friend that we can take whatever we have and just lay it before him in prayer. Let's pray. Lord God, thank you. Thank you for the spirit that's here this morning. Thank you for the congregation. Thank you for a place that we have to worship. Lord, thank you that you have been such a friend to us. Lord, there's there's not a friend in the world that we can count on except for you. That you will be there no matter what, Father. that you are with us and you told us, you made a promise that you will never leave us nor forsake us. Lord, we hold to that promise. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. I think brother Ly said he feels good. I feel good, too. It's a beautiful, beautiful day. Welcome to visitors. I uh saw Brother Timman and Sister Peggy in the back. Welcome, Mr. Naomi Walters's brother and her sister-in-law. God bless you. It's good to have you. [Applause] And then I met a young man, uh I believe Josiah invited him to church. Ashton, where you at? Oh, you're way in the back. Welcome, Ashton. Good to see you. God bless you. Oh, Brother Joe, Sister Carrie Hogensson, I uh it's so good to see you again. I saw you on Wednesday and I just feel a kindred spirit with both of you. It's it's good to have you in service. They're longtime friends, I think, to many people here, especially Brother Ly, Sister Heather. It's good to have you in service. Welcome. [Applause] And I I don't know if I missed anybody. Boy, we got Tony and Stephanie brought the whole clan today. We got we got uh we got seven and we got Maddox and then we have Matt and then we have Mary, Mama Mary. We have the mother of Tony and uh then we have uh Micah, right? Where's M? Micah. Micah here. Good to have you. Good to have the whole family. And then of course, brother Mitchell, the father of them all. The father of them all. God, God bless you. And if I missed you, sister, welcome. If I missed any of the visitors, God bless you. It's It's good to have you in service. We um I've been I know we're not supposed to be proud, but I've been proud of the congregation lately. I've been getting some just some contacts as people have been asking about what do I need to do? What what do I need to do to to be better? What do I need to stop doing or what do I need to start doing? And it's been it's been just a real blessing to see what's on the people's heart. They want to take the next step. Even Heath before service, he came into my office and he's like he's like, "Brother, the Lord's delivered me from all of these things." He says, "I'm I'm not dependent on anything anymore." He says, "No, no." Almost like, "What do I need to stop doing now?" And it's like, "No, man. He The Lord works on the heart. &gt;&gt; That's the most important thing. Just sit back and just let him work on you. Let him deal with with your heart." And friends, we look at our sins too much. We've been we sang these songs of worship this morning. Listen to the words in these songs. These songs are talking about how Jesus died for our sins, how he took our sins away and stop looking at your sins because you're going to find them. All of us, brother James, I didn't recognize you. Welcome. Good. Good to have you in service, too. I didn't look at these things. Don't look at the things that you do wrong. Look at Christ. &gt;&gt; Always focus on him. Focus on the Lord. And then you'll find that these sins that you do, these things that bother you, it's like, why do I keep doing this or that, they just kind of fall away if you're focusing on Jesus. &gt;&gt; That's that's the right way to be. And don't be like, and we're going to talk about legalism this morning because that's next in line with the sermon on the mount. Don't be the legalist always looking at the sin. look at Christ and then you watch how Christ will come into the heart and he'll make everything better. So, we've been going through this sermon on the mount. I I say it every Sunday and we've been going through this. This is a masterpiece of a sermon. And I got to tell you, it just keeps getting better and better as I'm reading through it and praying on it and looking what Jesus said. I was telling my wife the other day, I said, "Honey, no one has ever spoken like this man." No one has ever said things like Jesus said from the beginning of time until now. Jesus's words are they're incredible. &gt;&gt; The wisdom that he spoke and how he just lined things out. We started we started this series on on the temptation of Jesus, how he went into the wilderness. He had to experience what we go through. Don't don't forget Jesus was tempted in every way that we are tempted. The Bible says that he but he overcame it and he show he showed us that we are able to overcome. And then we get into we get into Matthew chapter 5 and how we went through the biatitudes and and how that we became a Christian and how we become the salt of the earth and and the light of the world. And then then last week we talked about Jesus coming not to do away with the Old Testament. He didn't. Let's go to Matthew chapter 5. We'll get right into it. Verse 17. We'll review a little bit from last week. Matthew 5:17 says this. Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. So Jesus is talking about the law that Moses wrote and the rest of the the Old Testament and the rest of the Bible at that time. So he's basically saying it's all true. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, not one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of the least of these commandments and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. So he's talking about this law. So last week we talked about the sacrificial and the ceremonial commandments that were fulfilled in Christ and you don't need to observe those anymore. It's okay if like brother Ly will often say that that this is Yam Kapour or this is Feast of Tabernacles. It's okay to honor those. It's okay to remember what happened on those like on the Passover with with Moses and the death angel coming through. It's okay to do that. But those things are not required anymore. There's the the sacrificial lamb. You don't have to make a sacrifice for your sins anymore. that was fulfilled in Jesus Christ. The ceremonial washing that they did. Jesus and his disciples, they were out, they were out eating one time and they offended the priests because they didn't wash in the way that was the um the way that they were taught. baptism really into Christ, the washing away of the sins that fulfilled that symbolic gesture of the Old Testament baptisms, the Old Testament washings. And then there was the society laws that pertain to that time. So the Hebrews, they went through the wilderness and they were about to go over this Jordan River and into this new land. Well, in that new land were heathens, were idolattors. In this strange land, it was witchcraft and idol worship. And God gave them laws for that time that they wouldn't get caught up in what the Canaanites were doing. The Canaanites were the residents of the land beyond Jordan. He didn't want them to get caught up in the witchcraft and caught up in all the idolatry that they were doing. So, he made those laws. But we can take those laws, as we said last week, and we can apply them to today. It doesn't necessarily uh have to be how you cut your hair, like I talked last last week, but you can apply certain things in certain ways in your lives. And then there are the moral laws like the Ten Commandments, the laws about how to treat each other, what not to do. Those laws are still in effect. But Jesus is going to take those laws here and he's going to take them to the next level on this next section of the sermon on the mount. G Jesus and really to understand this whole sermon to understand what Jesus is doing and to understand Jesus's whole ministry you have to understand that that Jesus came not to to preach necessarily something that wasn't in line with the Old Testament. But he came to take the legalism that was in the Old Testament and to really bring it to life. Jesus's ministry, unlike the Old Testament, Jesus's ministry worked on the inner man. It worked on the heart. &gt;&gt; It cleansed God's people from the inside out. So, there are certain rules that like a legalistic church would teach. The preacher would preach and and he would he would they say these things, but it actually when you have a legalistic way of thinking, it actually brings more sin in to your life. When you have a set of rules that you follow, a set of whether it be um what you eat, whether it be your dress or how you worship or whatever that might be, it actually if you follow a set of rules, it actually allows for sin to come in. Here's what the Old Testament was. If there's a cliff right here that means sin, the Old Testament would allow you to walk right up to that cliff. walk right up to murder right there and not sin. It would allow you to walk right up to the edge of adultery and not sin. Like David looking at Ba Sheba, lusting after Ba Sheeba, he didn't sin until he had sex with her. But there was something that led all the way up to that point. Hatred. Hatred is you you you hate someone and it fers and it fers and you go right up to that point and if you can keep yourself from murdering, you don't sin. Some people, they did it and they do it. But Jesus is is saying, "No, this this isn't the line. Jesus is working on the heart all the way back so you don't even get close to that line. And that's the Old Testament versus the New Testament. The New Testament, even though it does away with the rules, it becomes more moral. And we're going to see that here. So, the Old Testament really, it was built on legalism. But I want you to notice something in the Old Testament. For you Bible readers, you read from Genesis to Revelation. How many converts do you see in the Old Testament? Really none. There's a couple that came in by marriage. Maybe there's a like Rahab you see there and and uh you have Ruth that came in, but the Old Testament in its legalistic ways does away or does doesn't allow for evangelism. Doesn't allow to bring people into the church. Then Jesus comes and all of a sudden it is all about winning souls, all about bringing people in because it does away with the legalist way of thinking. I was talking with Stephanie on the way to um church this morning and we were talking about how it's all about winning souls and winning souls if we can just get that one soul to the Lord. But we have to be careful. What about the souls that are lost because of our legalistic ways? What about those? What about the ones that are that come in and are offended because of the way that we act or or because we try to put them in a box? What about those? What is that soul? Does that soul not matter? And that's what Jesus is coming for to do. He came and now when he starts ministering when that Holy Spirit starts to come no the morality doesn't go the morality actually the level of morality goes higher but now it opens the door for other people to come in and that is a Christian way versus the old testament legalistic ways nobody came in but it wasn't about that that wasn't the purpose but now when Jesus comes comes in now it's about everybody. The Old Testament was about this one lineage of people that really preserve the word and then we go to the New Testament and it becomes about everyone. Everyone who has a soul the New Testament was written for really the whole Bible was written for. So really Jesus is going to go into this that is no longer going to be an outward expression of rules. The cleaning is going to come from the inside out. And for this part of the sermon on the mount, we can see the difference really is going to be between the outward Christian and the inward Christian. The outward murderer and the inward murderer. The outward adulterer and the inward adulterer. Now listen to this. Matthew chapter 5 verse 20 says this. For I say unto you that except your righteousness shall shall exceed the the righteousness of the scribes and the Pharisees, you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven. You have to understand who the scribes and the Pharisees were. These are the most holy of the holy. They are the most legal of the legalistic. The scribes and the Pharisees lived an outward life that was perfect. You could not put your finger on them or they wouldn't have been in the position that they were in. So no, but no matter how great they seemed to be, no matter how great these priests were, Jesus is saying your righteousness has to exceed their righteousness. How could that be? That's a rough one. That's a hard one because we are always looking on the outside. It's like saying, 'If you want to be part of our youth group for you guys, you got to bench press more than Daniel Jr. It's like, bro, I can't do that. Well, you have to. That's that's setting the bar. Or if or you have to be able to play the piano like Katie does or like Lily does. Well, I can't do that. That's impossible. That's what's if you look at this on the outward expression, it's like, well, I can't attain that. How can I have a righteousness as great as these others that ha that are so righteous? It's impossible. But that's the way most people think. So to be righteous, it may sound odd, but to be righteous, you need to first realize that you are as much of a sinner as anyone else in the world. &gt;&gt; That you are not better than anyone else. And when you drove, you may you may have seen some homeless people if you came on up on stone. You have to realize I am no better than that fentanyl addict that's assume the fentanyl position there. You are no better than that. And that is where you have to start. Listen uh to uh Romans chapter 3:9. I'll read the new New King James version of this. Romans chapter 3:9. It says this. What then? Are we better than they? Not at all. For we have previously charged both Jews and Greeks that they are all under sin. So he's saying that, hey, listen, all of us are sinners. Whoever you are, we are all sinners. As it is written, there is none righteous, know not one. There is none who understands. There is none who seeks after God. They have all turned aside. They have together become unprofitable. There is none who does does good. No, not one. You see how the apostles lowering all of us to say we are nothing. Their throat is an open tomb. With their tongues they have practiced deceit. The poison aspir lips whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness. Their feet are swift to shed blood, destruction and misery are in their ways and the way of peace they have not known. There is no fear of God before their eyes. So these are both nonreligious and religious people he's talking about. Now we know that whatever the law says, it says to those who are under the law that every mouth may be stopped and all the world may become guilty before God. Therefore, by the deeds of the law, no flesh will be justified in his sight. For by the law is the knowledge of sin. So there's no salvation here in the law. The New Living Translation of that says, "For no one can ever be made right with God by doing what the law commands." The law simply shows us how sinful we are. Remember I was talking about your sins. Your sins will always be there. But now the righteousness of God apart from the law is revealed, being witnessed by the law and the prophets. even the righteousness of God through faith in Jesus Christ to all and on all who believe. For there is no difference for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus whom God set forth as a perpetuation by his blood through faith to demonstrate his righteousness. Because in his forbearance, God has passed over the sins that were previously committed. Wow. God has passed over these sins that were previously committed to demonstrate at the present time his righteousness that he might be just and the justifier of one who has faith in Jesus. So it says, "No one is righteous, know not one." Verse number 22, even the righteousness of God through faith in Jesus Christ to all on who believe. So no, we are not righteous, but we are seeking his righteousness. Now listen to this. The Hebrews in in the book of Hebrews, it says that even the high priest, so the high priest on I believe it's called the day of atonement, the high priest would go into the temple. He would first make a sacrifice for his own sins and then he would make a sacrifice for the congregation. This is the one who lives perfect. This is the most perfect of the perfect, the high priest. He was the best living person. And yet he had to make an offering of sin for himself on that day of atonement once a year. But watch what Hebrews says. For such a high priest, verse number uh Hebrews 11:26, for such a high priest was fitting for us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, un separate from sinners, and has become higher than the heavens, who does not need daily as those high priests to offer up sacrifices for his own sins, and then for the peoples. For this he did once for all and he offered up himself. For he offered up when he offered up himself. For the law appoints as high priest men who have weaknesses but the word of oath which came after the law appoints the son who has been perfected forever. Speaking of Jesus being the high priest. Now, it says, remember the day of atonement, but the book of Hebrews says that that high priest had to make an offering for his own sins every day. Remember, this is the most righteous of the righteous. He had to make a sacrifice or he should have made a sacrifice every day for his sins. So, we look and we we see how he could say there is none righteous. No, not one. Even the best were not righteous. Now we see that Jesus says now now your righteousness needs to exceed these Pharisees and scribes. How does how do we do that? How can we we do it? You might say, "Well, I have this sin and that sin and and how can I live up to this and I have to be my righteousness has to exceed these other people's righteousness? How can that be?" And it's beautiful. Let me give you let me tell a story in the Bible of something that happened. There was a woman. The Bible says that she was a sinner. Other translations say that she was immoral. That's a fact. That's not being accused of being immoral. The Bible says that she was immoral. What she did, I don't know, but it was not good. And she had there was something in her that she was she was just she was repentant and she wanted to change. Jesus had been invited to a Pharisees house for dinner. And when Jesus came in, he was he was obviously been walking. And you know how when we walk into somebody's house, just out of courtesy, we'll take our shoes off and leave them at the front door. We do that so we don't track in whatever we were walking through. and we came in a car and probably walked across a concrete driveway and then yet we take off our shoes. Jesus came into this man Simon's house and he was wearing sandals and all and he didn't have a car obviously. He was walking through whether it be mud or whether it be dust or dirt or whatever it was. He was walking miles probably and he comes to this this Pharisees house and he walks in and what was the custom back then is to take off your sandals and then they wash your feet. So now you're clean just like we would take off our shoes for the little bit of dirt. You can imagine how much dirt was on Jesus's feet when he walked in. But nobody washed his feet when he walked in. You know, you can't take off your feet when you walk into somebody's somebody's house back then. So they washed your feet. So Jesus comes in. Nobody washes his feet. He's sitting there with with dirty feet. And this woman who I said the Bible says was immoral. She purchases this expensive jar of perfume ointment, very expensive. And she there was something about her that repented. There was something sad about her. She regretted her sins. So she comes in and she sees Jesus sitting there and she walks in and falls down at his feet and begins kissing his feet. Her tears are flowing down, washing the dirt off of his feet. And she is taking this this ointment, this perfume, and perfuming him and and trying to make him to where he feels good. And here is this Pharisee over here and he's watching and he says, "If he was a prophet, surely he would know that she is a sinner." And you know what? She was. As I said, the Bible said she was. And she's there and she's weeping and she's repenting of her sins and doing all this. And Jesus looks at this Pharisee and he says, "Hey, Simon." He says, "What's your deal?" He says, 'When I walked in, you didn't even pay me enough respect to wash my feet. You wash everybody else's feet, but I come in, you don't clean me up. And here she is, and she is weeping, and she is washing my feet with her tears. You didn't anoint me with oil. I felt terrible. I come in, I'm I'm sweaty, I'm tired, and then she comes in. You didn't You didn't make give me some oil to to soothe the sun or whatever it is. She and she comes in and she takes this expensive oil and she she anoints me with this oil. &gt;&gt; Who's righteous now? It's going to get better. Simon looks at him. He's obviously looking at what was going on in disgust. Disgusted. And he says, Jesus says, Simon, can I tell you a story? Can I say something? And then the Pharisees says, yeah, go ahead. He says there's two men. He says and and a man a rich man loaned one man 50 pieces of silver and the other man he loaned 500 pieces of silver. He looks at looks at the Pharisee and he says neither of them could pay pay it back. Neither of them could pay the money back. So the man says, "I forgive both of you." And he says, "Now," he says, "Which one would love the man more? The man who he loaned 50 and forgave that or the man he loaned 500 pieces of silver and forgave that?" Pharisees said, "Well, I assume the one that he forgave more." He said, "You're right." He looks down and he tells her, the woman that's washing his feet, he says, "Your sins are forgiven." He says, "Now go in peace." Think about what Jesus said. She had 500 500 pieces of silver that she owed and she was forgiven. This Pharisee only had 50, but he wasn't forgiven any of it because he didn't ask for forgiveness. He still owed the 50. And he would still be condemned of the 50 because he did not see receive forgiveness because he wouldn't humble himself like the woman. Now, who had more righteousness? Was it the Pharisee or was it the woman? It was the woman. Do you see how her righteousness exceeded the righteousness of the legalistic Pharisee? Another story, Peter, he's up on the housetop and we can give our hearts to the Lord's friends. We can come and we can start coming to church and we can we can see our sins as Peter did and we can we can get our forgiveness and we can make things right with the Lord and we can still fall into the legalism. We can have the full understanding of Jesus Christ as Peter did. And yet, we can still fall back into it. It's very easy to do. Peter's on the housetop. He had received the Holy Ghost at the day of Pentecost. He had the kings to the to to the kingdom. Peter had he had it all. He was the leader. And here's Peter and he's up on the housetop. And he's praying. And there's another man over here named Cornelius, a lowly gentile. He was an important person. He was a centurion. But this man named Cornelius who in the Old Testament these were dirty people. Cornelius was praying. Peter was praying. Cornelius sees a vision to go to Peter. Peter sees a vision. And in this vision comes down all kinds of animals. Now remember the legalism of the Jews. You're not allowed to eat catfish because it doesn't have scales. You're not allowed to uh you're not allowed to eat shrimp. You're not allowed to eat crab. I love shrimp and crab. And I'm really glad that that's in the past, but but they weren't allowed to eat it. They weren't allowed to eat a rabbit. There were certain thing they weren't allowed to eat bacon. &gt;&gt; Oh, they weren't allow It's okay. They they got through it. But they weren't allowed to eat any They weren't allowed to eat any of that stuff. So here is Peter and Peter sees these animals coming down and maybe he saw a pig and a slab of bacon right there and the Lord says, "Peter, kill and eat." Now watch the legalism in Peter. Remember I Peter had given his heart to the Lord. He said, "Not so. I have never eaten any unclean in my life." And then God says this, "Why do you make unclean what I have cleansed? Why do you make common what I have made clean?" Even though it was all through his history, all through his tradition, it was no, you can't do this, you can't do that, you can't do this. And now God is rebuking Peter right there. Remember the lie, we see that the Old Testament laws of the diet were done away and it represented that lowly, dirty Gentile. And all of a sudden, Peter comes out of the vision. He's like, "What does that mean?" Um, can we talk to Peter? We were sent from Cornelius. He saw a vision to come see you. Peter's like, I'll be right there. And then he goes and he introduces these people to the Lord Jesus. Legalism doesn't work. Let's go back to Let's go back to um ah running out of time. Let's go back to uh Matthew chapter 5. You know, people And Keith, what we were talking about earlier, this sermon on the mount, we really have to understand that your righteousness cannot be dependent on you. It needs to be dependent on God. And people today think that they can fix themselves. They really do. They think that if they give their hearts to the the Lord, they say, "I I'm going to quit smoking. I'm going to quit drinking. I'm going to quit pornography. I'm going to quit being late for work. I'm going to quit missing church." And that is the legalist mentality. And it didn't work. and it doesn't work today. But it's still human nature to want to do those things. Instead of quitting something, start doing something. &gt;&gt; Remember, I say a lot, it's not what you don't do for God that matters. It's what you do for him and trusting in him. Instead of quitting something, start doing something. If you want to quit missing church on Sunday mornings, start going on Wednesday nights. And then you'll find you'll go to you'll go on Sunday mornings, too. Start reading your Bible every morning. Start when you wake up, start praying. When you go to lunch, start praying. Pray during your lunch break. Before you go to bed, pray. Start reaching out to someone who needs you. Make that phone call. Send that card. Reach out and bring someone to lunch. Do something. Don't stop doing something. And you'll find that when you start doing something, the things that you want to stop doing, they just kind of fall away. You don't have the time to do them anymore. You don't want to do them anymore. You'll find that smoking and drinking and lying and gossiping and all of that. It just kind of gets squeezed out by doing Christianity. Christianity is not quitting. Christianity is doing. It's not doing. It's not which is, as I love saying, it's not what you don't do for God that matters. It's trusting in him, serving him, and doing what he says. Now, Jesus is going to make all that clear. Verse number 21, Matthew chapter 5. Listen to this. Remember what I said about going to the cliff. You have heard that it was said of the of them in old time, thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment. All right, you go right up. The law let you to sin, sin, sin, sin, sin all the way to right here. Nope, you can't kill. All right, and here's what Jesus is saying. You have heard that it was said of them of old time, thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment. But I say unto you, that whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment. And whosoever shall say to his brother Raqqa shall be in danger of the council, but whosoever shall say, "Thou fool," shall be in danger of hellfire. Murder begins in the heart. Jesus is going he's he's going to the root of that problem. Murder is just the manifestation of something that started within. The law doesn't fix the heart. As I said, the law allows you to have hatred in your heart all the way until you commit that act. I was talking with I was talking uh the other day with my family and I was talking about the government shutdown and I was kind of worked up and and uh I said that they they're shutting the government down because they want to continue these COVID subsidies from from back in 2020. And I said, "These idiots don't understand that they are ruining our health care system." And something said sin. Call Noma and Rocka. That means worthless. Don't call anyone worthless. And don't call anyone a fool. And here I am, pastor of Tucson Tabernacle, breaking the commandment that Jesus said. And I apologized and I shouldn't have said that. But how often does it happen? Every day for us. And these people that killed that the one that shot um Donald Trump, hit him in the ear. It didn't start with murder. It started with hatred in his heart. &gt;&gt; And it just built and built and built until he came right to the line. The law, he would have been fine. And then boom, down he goes and he shoots him. The same one that uh with the one that killed Charlie Kirk. Same thing. This hatred built and built and built in him. His heart was wrong. It started wrong and then he comes right to the point and then he commits the sin. But Jesus is trying to get to the inner man. He's trying to get to the heart and say, "No, don't even start that way. Don't even say that the Democrats are idiots. Don't even say that. It starts that hatred. And don't say the Republicans are idiots either. It's Don't say anybody's an idiot. It starts that hatred &gt;&gt; inside of you. And for 99% of the people, 99.99 whatever, it won't go to murder. But still, you are opening the door to murder. Let's continue on with what with what Jesus says here. He is so wise and he's still talking about murder in this next verse. Verse number 23. Therefore, if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee, leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way, and first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift. Notice that Jesus is saying someone that has something against you. He's not saying, of course, you shouldn't have anything against somebody else. But he's not saying that if you have something against someone, go and make it right. He's saying if someone has something against you, right or wrong. If someone has something against you that may they may think that you've done something against them, go to that person that hates you. Go in love. Go in wisdom. Go to that person with the right words. Go to that person in the way that you would want them to come to you if you felt they did something against you. Don't let that malice start up in your heart because it leads to murder. It can lead to murder. Agree with thine adversary quickly whilst thou art in the way with him, lest at any time the adversary delivered thee to the judge. and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison. Verily I say unto thee, thou shalt by no means come out hence till thou hast paid the uttermost farther." What is he talking about there? He's talking about a court case. You've heard of settling out of court. And the reason Jesus is saying that, he's saying you don't want to go to the judge because you don't know what you're going to get. You don't know how that judge is going to rule and there's too much at stake. You want to That's why most most cases are settled out of court because you know what you're going to get. You don't know what that jury's going to say. You don't know what that judge is going to say. You may be as confident as you want to be, but they might not agree with you and boom, you lose. And that's how it is with the Lord. get right now because you don't want to take a chance that that person is the one in the wrong and you're the one in the right. You don't want to take that chance. My grandma um Evans mama, she's great. She was a funny lady. She uh very southern. She was driving and she shouldn't have been driving. She was too old. But she was driving and there was a lady, another old lady crossing in a crosswalk in front of her and she just plows right into her. And she says, "Daniel," she says, "I couldn't believe that." She said, "That woman was on my windshield." And so it ends up in this big big litigation thing. And my dad and I went over to um to visit mama one day and she says she says, "Yeah." She says, "It's okay. We did a flea market." And dad said, "What?" She said, "We did a flea market." And uh dad says, "A flea market?" He says, "You mean a plea bargain?" He says, "Yeah." She says, "Yeah, that's what I mean. We Sister Carol's laughing." You knew mama. Um she uh the I'm sorry, Sister Roberta. You knew mama. But she uh she got her words mixed up. But you see, it was better to settle outside of court because she didn't know and neither did the woman know how the judge was going to rule. And Jesus here is saying you don't want to take that chance. He says make things right while you are here. You have heard when he says that you have heard it was said in old times. He's talking about you've read it in your Bible. He's talking about that these are the commandments of God. He says, "You have heard that it was said by them of old time, thou shalt not commit adultery. But I say unto you that whosoever looks on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart." We automatically probably think about pornography here or we think about obviously it's lusting after someone who's not your spouse. I was um I knew a uh a woman and uh she was she had met she was married and uh she she was from the United States and then this other man was from Canada. Both of them had spouses and families and they started corresponding via Facebook, sharing scriptures and this the these two they started calling each other and praying together on the phone. Seems harmless, right? And they started conversing more and more. Do you see? Don't go not just go to the edge but this started way back deep in the heart where both of them open the door of their heart to the thought of this other person. They talked more and more. Eventually they decided to meet and they met and what happened eventually he divorced his wife. She divorced her husband and they got together an absolute case of adultery. But the heart was wrong. If they would have been right, they would have known that Holy Spirit would have told them, "Don't go there. Don't even think that that. Don't even entertain that thought." But instead, they went right up to the place thinking about it, thinking about it, thinking about it. And then they just jumped right into the sin. And Jesus is trying to attack here. He is saying that no you this is too far that the law let you go too far. Legalism lets you go too far. He wanted to get to the heart of the person rather than just the rules, just the law. Now here's so many people they say that a woman can entice a man into committing adultery by the way she is dressed. And I understand that. And and the sisters, the women should dress modestly. They should dress well. But I lay that 100%. I believe that scripture is talking about the man. That man has no right to look at a woman and want to have an affair with her. Want to that that open that door to where he might want to do that. Jesus here is saying, listen, if you do that, you are opening the door right at the beginning, the door to the heart. You're opening it up. And now what could happen next? What could happen next is boom, full-fledged adultery. And he's saying that listen, I know you may not have jumped over. You may not have stepped off that cliff of adultery, but if you are just entertaining the thought, then you've already done it. Then you just might just take the next step. The same thing with murder. He's like, if you just hate someone, if you call someone in a fool or something, you hate them. You're opening that door. How many times did this man that shot Charlie Kirk, How many times did he make fun of Charlie Kirk in the background? How many times did he call him names in the background? How many times did that happen and then it just manifested itself in murder? Jesus wants to get to the heart. He wants to get to where it begins. Amen. You with me? The worship team can come and we'll close. talks about we we we talk about the ten commandments and Jesus is going through the ten commandments and he he's saying that that no that that they were right you shouldn't do these sins but this sin it starts way back in another place you are just seeing the manifestation of these sins and then you see this precious ious little lady who was a sinner. She was immoral. What she did, we don't know, but it wasn't good. It was not something that she would want to brag about. And it was not something that we would want to brag about. But here she is. And what did she do? Why did her righteousness exceed the righteousness of that Pharisee? Is because she was willing to say, "I'm a sinner." She was willing to say that I am a nothing. She was willing to say, "Lord, I give my heart to you. I give myself to you and I'll do whatever I can." And the 500 pieces of silver were forgiven. But the little bit that the Pharisee owed, the 50 pieces never forgiven. He was condemned for that debt that he owed. You understand the meaning behind the parable of the Lord Jesus and why he put it there with with this woman and and with the Pharisees. Do you understand this sermon on the mount? Understand how amazing it is? This is Jesus. This is his first public sermon. And here he is and he is saying that no, the Old Testament's good. The Old Testament's right. I fulfilled it. I am that lamb and oh and the ten commandments that's right. But think about this. What about your heart? So you can lust after someone and still be right? No. Jesus goes all the way back to that inner man, to that inner person. And then that's where he is. That's where he's focused on. And we cannot be saved by the outward person. It can't happen. The only way that we can be saved is if God changes that inward person. Amen. I don't think, brother Arie, we don't have a baptism. Or do we? We don't. I don't think so. Is anybody Is there anybody that want to be baptized this morning? Okay, good. Friends, sermon on the mount. Keep reading it. Let's stay in this. I it seems like I only get to like two two two verses per but as I said it's okay. we'll just keep going. And and if if we're raptured, if the Lord comes before we finish, then maybe can you imagine Jesus and just sitting down and Jesus and saying, "Lord, would you preach the sermon on the mount to us?" And oh man, and then he could go in and he can elaborate on them and and just say those words and maybe say like, "Brother Manny, this is what this is what pertains to you in this. And this is how you overcame in this. And sister Shirley, way back when when you went through this, this is how I carried you through." And the more that we're into the word, friends, the more that the blessings we receive. As I said, stop looking at the sins. Especially stop looking at the sins of other people. Then you don't want to fall into that same boat as the Pharisee. But stop looking at your own sins, too. When you start focusing on God, those sins, they just fall off. You don't have to worry about them. [Music] As the deer, as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. Would you stand with me and let's sing that verse again? As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. &gt;&gt; You alone are my strength, my shield. To you made my spirit near. &gt;&gt; You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. &gt;&gt; You're my friend. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. [Music] I love you more than any other so much more than anything. &gt;&gt; You alone are my strength, my shield. to you alone. May my spirit. [Music] &gt;&gt; You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. &gt;&gt; So do you see that your righteousness can far out outstretched can far exceed the righteousness of any man or any woman, your righteousness. If you receive Christ's righteousness into your heart, then the rules and the regulations and and the um the the laws then they become living inside of you. And now it's not adultery that you commit. It's not murder that you commit. it's lusting or it's hating or it's calling names there. Now the Lord just keeps refining and refining and refining and then holiness becomes real in the person and then that person becomes a living representative of Jesus Christ and then you have a burden for others. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you for the wisdom that is in your word. Thank you, Father, that Jesus Christ himself, God made flesh, came and and preached the word to us. And it's been preserved for these 2,000 years that we might read it on Sunday morning here in Tucson, Arizona. and Lord that the meaning is still there and it hasn't changed. We thank you Father. Pray Lord that if there'd be someone here in this congregation they came here Father expecting something that they wanted Lord maybe a a question to be answered. They wanted healing Lord. Maybe there was confusion. I pray, Father, that these words from our Lord Jesus on the sermon on the mount would have answered the question, given them faith. Father, now as we go forward, Father, I pray that you would guide and protect each one, Lord, that your healing hand be upon each one. Lord, that we could be a representative to you, Lord, that we would take on your righteousness and be a light to the world. Father, we pray. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. In my life, Lord, be Be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Sing that again. In my life. in my be glorified. [Music] Be glorified in my life. be glorified today &gt;&gt; in your church, Lord. &gt;&gt; In your church, Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in In your church, Lord be glorified [Music] today. Sing one more time. In my life, Lord. &gt;&gt; In my life, [Music] be glorified. [Music] Be glorified in my life, Lord. be glorified today. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell the story about mama. I wouldn't have told it if if the lady would have been hurt. She she was she was just beat up a little bit, but uh it was a very funny very funny story. And I'm glad that they settled with the flea market and everything worked out. friends, we are blessed. We we we are blessed beyond anyone else. We're blessed to have a Bible. We're blessed to have each other. We're blessed to have a savior that is alive today and he loves us and he knows us. One thing I always tell someone that's new, not always, but usually I'll tell someone that's new that want to gives wants to give their hearts to the Lord, I tell them that the Lord knows you. He knows your name. And he cares now. He cares. Do you care about him? I do. Do you? &gt;&gt; I care about the Lord Jesus. No service tonight. Uh we will continue on on our Wednesday night um Bible study on praise and worship. Brother Lyle will be this Wednesday night. God bless you friends. Again, no service tonight. May God be with you.
