################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-06 - Communion - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-06
Title:   Communion
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Communion Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWezHLauIf8
========================================

Sing verse one. Shackled by a heavy burden [Music] the load of shame. Then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer the same. [Music] He touched me. Oh, he touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Verse two, since I'm meant Since I met this blessed Savior. [Music] Since he's cleansed and made me whole, [Music] I will never cease to praise him. I'll shout it while eternity. [Music] Sing it tonight. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. God bless you. Good to be in church tonight. Let's sing that chorus again. Ethan, would you come open up in a word of prayer? Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Come on up. Would you stand with us tonight? I didn't get any prayer request, but the Lord sees every need. Here or not here, he sees it all. Hold it up in faith to him. Thank you, Ethan. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Dear heavenly father, we we thank you for being with us all tonight, Lord, bringing us all together to worship you, Lord, and and spirit and faith. Lord, I'd ask that you'd be with each each one here as we go throughout this week, Lord. protect and watch over them, Lord, as they go throughout their lives. Be with them each day, Lord, as they draw closer to you and to all the unspoken needs out there. Lord, put your healing touch on their on their hands or Lord Jesus. [Music] be with us to this this uh night, Lord, as we take communion, remembering you, remembering your humility when washing the feet of your disciples. Lord, help us to be more humble, Lord Jesus, just like you were. I ask these things in your precious, holy name, I pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Shake someone's hand before we sing the next song. [Music] We're going to sing He Leadeth Me. Next, [Music] Brother Jordan, the the screen at the back isn't on. I don't know if it's not working. [Music] He leadth me. Oh blessed thought, oh words of heavenly comfort from whatever I do, wherever I be, still is God's hand that leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me in. Sometimes mid scenes of deepest gloom. Sometimes where Ed ends flowers bloom by waterers still or trbled sea still is his hand that leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. Last verse. And when my task on earth is done and when by grace the victories won in death cold wave I will not flee since God through Jordan leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. Sister Irma, you're going to sing. She's getting ready. You can all have your seats. He leadth me. Head me. By his own hand. He leadth me. His faithful followower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. [Music] [Music] The Lord of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple [Music] more to be desire than gold. Yes, much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey. Then the honey cold. [Music] The statues of the Lord are right. [Music] The heart, the commandments, [Music] the commandment of the Lord is pure. Enlighten the eyes. [Music] More to be desire are they than gold than much fine gold. Oh, sweeter of southern honey. Then the honey go. [Music] The fear of the Lord is clean, [Music] enduring forever. [Music] The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous all together. [Music] More to be desire are the gold than much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey. [Music] Then the honey go. The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is sure making wise the simple more to be desire are they than gold than much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey. Then the honey go. [Music] Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. K of He knows my name. [Music] I have a maker. He formed my heart. [Music] And before even time began, my life was in his hand. Let's sing that verse again. I have a maker. He formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. And he knows my every thought. [Music] He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. I have a father. [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me so. [Music] And he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that call. And he hears me when I call. Let's sing that again. He knows my name. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. [Music] He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Grandma Merrily, you're going to sing tonight, aren't you? Would you come on up? Let's go to key of C and let's sing Greater Than All My Sin as she comes. Greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanseth me. Is the grace that still set me free. to praise him. [Music] I know the blood of [Music] walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all. The blood of the lamb. [Music] I'm scared. Pray for me. I don't do this. Um, I talk, but I don't usually talk about all these people. Um, okay. This is how it all starts. When I was 16, I was junior high. I I guess you would say I might have been sort of uh popular with the friends that I was with. And you know, you thought you're kind of cool, you know. And so I was a cheerleader. I did it for two years. And so I was going into high school and I told my dad, I said, "Daddy, I want to I want to try out for high school uh cheerleading." And he says, "No, you're not going to." And I said, Oh, I want to, Daddy. And he goes, "No, you're getting too big now." And so, um, you just aren't going to do that. And I said, "Daddy, I really, really, really want to." And he said, "I don't care. You're not going to do it." And, um, well, 16, you think you know it all. And I said, "Daddy, I'm going to do it anyway." And he looked at me. I love my dad. He said, "There's some things you can do and it's going to be hard and there's other things you can do that will be real easy and you'll just it just go by." And then he turned and walked away. And I said, "I'm still going to try out for cheerleading." And so that evening, we have horses. And and I never was very good at horses anyway, but I decided to ride. I'm just shaking. I'm sorry. But um um um anyway um anyway, I uh lost my place now, but um where was I? Okay, I'm at the Yes, we're out at the farm and um we have horses and I wasn't a very good question and my sisters were, but I wasn't. But I decided I was going to ride bearback and I don't know why I chose that. I'm not that good. But I got an old buck. I thought, well, he'll be okay. And you know, there was this little rabbit that come right in front of a buck and he just shed. And I thought, okay, I'm going to fall. And I braced myself for the fall. And when I did, I broke both bones. And I got up and I said, "Daddy, I think I broke my arm." And just the skin was holding on to Daddy goes, "You don't have to think you did." And uh um and then he goes, "Mother, go get a splint." Now, this is kind of comical. She went over and picked up a 2x4 and she was trying to break it over her knee. And if it if I wasn't hurting so bad, I I would have laughed. But um daddy goes, "Oh, Charlotte, just get a little stick." And this was the first break in the whole family. I have four sisters. Ah, it would be me. I always was. Well, never mind. But anyway, this happened. And so, forget the cheerleading. Now, I've got this to deal with. And talk about dealing with it. Um the doctor was drunk when he performed the surgery. Um I was in a cast for a year. He took it off and it was crooked and and then he wanted to break it over again. And um daddy says, "No." After he put a big scar on both sides, he goes, "No, you're not going to do that. I'm going to uh design a cast and we're going to put pressure on that top uh bone so it'll go down and you're going to design you're going to make it and I'm going to watch you make it. Now, my dad was a plant manager of a tankart company as well as a as a minister, but he knew how to make people jump when they, you know, and so the doctor he was going to do it. why he I don't know why he even kept him, you know, after he was drunk. But anyway, he did. And um so I had a cast for a half a year. Now I went from being popular to being well, I was just with the nerds, that's all. But it was okay. You know what? I found out that there's people that are really sweet and they don't have to be so popular. They can be ever so kind. And they were really kind to me. Of course, I was in a cast for so long, they thought I was a little messed up, you know. So, so anyway, um but the Lord um the Lord was good. And when they took the cast off this time, the bone was straight. And you can look at my arm. I don't have a bump. I have a bad scar. But I'll tell you a little bit about that, too. But I was so grateful I can move it and everything's great, you know. So that was good. And but I was 16, you know. I didn't want a big old scar on my hand. So I was kind of feeling bad, you know. I thought, well, I'm marred for life. And um I saw this man and he was on a platform and he had he couldn't he didn't have any legs and he just he had two little things to scoot him along with. you know that was in his hands. He would scoot along and that person in there said that could be you. You don't have that. And I thought I'm ashamed. And so I the Lord gave me this song and I'd like to sing it to you. I'm not a singer, but I'd like to just listen. You might get a blessing out of it. For once I saw a man all torn and ragged. His eyes were dim, his legs were paralyzed. He thought that no one knew the tr he carried. But there was one who cared. He knew not of. Shed forth thy tattered garments, for I have made thee clean. Take from the side the crutches, for now I can walk free. Open mine eyes from darkness, for now I can see. Oh hallelujah, Jesus my king. And then our Lord came to this weary pilgrim and told him to believe and he'd receive. Then Jesus came and bowed his name before him and he was whole. Oh, blessed be his name. Shed forth thy tattered garments for now I can walk free. Open mine eyes from darkness for now I can walk free. Open mine eyes from darkness for now I can see. Oh hallelujah Jesus my king. Oh hallelujah Jesus my king. Thank you [Applause] We're going to get those lyrics and we're going to sing that with the congregation sometime. I'm serious. We're going to do it. Thank you very much for that. Let's sing the love of God is greater far as brother Daniel comes. [Music] The love of God is greater far [Music] than tongue or pen can ever tell. It goes beyond [Music] the highest star and reaches to the lowest hand. The guilty pair bowed down with care. God gave his son. [Music] to him. [Music] His airing child he reconciled and pardoned from is sin. Verse two, when years of time shall pass away. And earthly thrones and kingoms fall. When men who hear [Music] refuse to pray. [Music] And on rocks and hills and mountains call, God's love so sure shall still endure. [Music] All measureless [Music] and strong [Music] redeeming grace to Adam's race. The saints send a [Music] gel song. Let's sing. Could we with Could we with the ocean filled? And were the skies of parchment made? [Music] For every star on earth, a quill, [Music] and every man, a scribe by train to write the love [Music] of God above. Love would drain the ocean dry. Or could the scroll contain the whole though stretch from sky to would you stand and sing the chorus with me? Oh love of God, [Music] how rich and pure, how measureless [Music] and strong it shall forever more endure. [Music] The saint sent [Music] a good song for communion and the love of God. Could you put that that last verse up there? Could we with ink the ocean filled and were the skies a parchment made? Where every stalk on earth a quill and every man ascribed by trade to write the love of God above would drain the ocean dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole well stretched from sky to sky. the author's unknown of that verse and it said that it was written scribed on the wall of an insane institution many many years and years ago and you think that even the love of God could go down into a cell room nobody probably knew who that person was that wrote it and nobody probably cared but God cared. and he cares for all of us. Let's bow our heads. Almighty God, we thank you for Lord. The love of God that is rich and pure. Lord, we if we could humbly give you back a little bit of that love from us. Say thank you for your kindness to us, your goodness. Lord, humbly ask that maybe that you would come down and join us in this communion service tonight. Lord, we're doing it in remembrance of you. So Lord, would you come and be with us? Join us as we do this, Lord, this great thing in honor of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you. You can be seated. That was my mother-in-law. [Applause] Merily, you wrote that song. Wow. Beautiful, wonderful story. And uh I I appreciated one of the things that I really appreciated in the story. appreciated the whole thing, but you said that there were some kind people, and kind people are they're a godsend. And I know that the Lord places them in our path. It seems like when we need them the most is kindness from someone that we may not ever have known that it would come from or we may have never known before, never known again. But God sends these angels into our lives. these angels can be most certainly can be in the form of a human being to take care of us. Uh for tonight's service, I um Justin sent me a text and said, "Uh, hey, are you going to have another testimony service tonight?" And I said, "No, it's a communion service." I said, "Why?" And he said, "Well, I have a testimony that I'd like to give." I said, "You know what? Why don't you give it tonight?" I said, "I think it'd be a blessing. I think uh we've met Justin um once or twice he's started coming here and I think we all appreciate him being here but we I'd especially like to hear what maybe the Lord has placed on his heart. So, uh, Justin, if you come come up and and take your time and I'll fill I'll fill the rest of the time with my scriptures. And, uh, would be better probably to use one of these microphones here. Hey. Um, you wanted me to So, uh, the pastor told me he wanted me to give an account for when we first met. And, um, I think I'm going to go a little further and talk about the night before, uh, we met. Um, the night before we met, I'm not sure, but I was probably drinking, as was often in my life, uh, what I was doing at that time. And, um, it was hot. I lived close by, and I just had a swamp cooler, right? So it was um was you know spring or summer here. So 100 swamp cooler probably 120 in my uh apartment and I was dying in there and um you know me and me and a friend I was sleeping with um at the time casually uh we were just dying together. Neither of us could get any sleep. We were both um tormented and they were having anxiety attack after anxiety attack. And um you know I'd wake up and I'd see these shadows moving and um I I thought they were ghosts. I thought they were ghosts and I thought it was mental illness. And I know now those were the demons just dancing around us. Um, so you know, we don't get any sleep and uh we come out just drenched in sweat, you know, walking around Tucson trying to get out of that apartment and uh eventually we find our way here in front of the church uh loitering about and I was probably on my fifth cigarette dressed in leather and drenched in sweat talking to them. And the pastor, you know, pulls right up in the truck and he gets out, he says, "Hey, what are you doing here?" And I I'm immediately confrontational, right? I'm like, "Who is this guy? I don't even realize it's a church." And he's like, "Well, this is a church." I was like, "Oh, what am I doing? I'm I'm loitering in front of a church." And uh yeah, he says, I forget what he says, but he he approached me very um humbly, very generously, he asked, you know, are you religious? And I said, I believe there's something out there. And you know, we just started talking and um it's a beautiful thing. We started talking about believe I brought up Buddhism and all these religions I had been studying. And he said, "Hey, Jesus loves you." And um you know I didn't believe it at the time but thank God for the pastor that he told me the truth then um here's the testimony. Two nights ago I found myself unable to sleep. I was stirred by an intense discussion I had with my housemate and friend about the Quran and Telmood the differences in our teachings of and the differences in teachings of our faith and theirs and I worry deeply about our father's plans for me. It is said everyone to whom much was given of him much will be required. So, in the pride of my faith, I wondered about the rapture that can be upon us at any moment. And of the two witnesses that God will appoint, and I wondered, will those be prophets of the old generation, Elijah and Moses, or would it be men of this current age? The thought that God may call upon me to test to testify against the beast himself shook me, but not my faith. And in my bed, I told him, "Take it. Whatever you need, Lord, bind me in the chains. bind me in chains to this bed and burn the sin off my flesh. And I felt a great presence and a true ecstasy that brought me to tears. And I was so moved. I went outside unsure if I would see men floating in the air or not. And when I did not, I noticed I no longer hated anyone. Not the people I had been struggling to forgive in my imperfection. I no longer struggled with the burning lust and wrath I had burn I had before. And since that night, I won't say temptation hadn't hasn't returned. But even still, never without the answer of the Lord. The voice of Satan that crawls in my throat and burrows in my heart is immediately stolen away like the very breath of sin is being choked out. Here, while I'm writing this, I wonder if my account is too miraculous that you may all that you all may think me, a new believer, is engaging in religious fanaticism. But I say with everything I am, this account is true. I thank the Lord our God, our father, and I love you all. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. He said a mouthful in just a few words. Talking about Revelation chapter 11. And I think that's an age old question. He's going to be a Elijah and Moses of the old or is this going to be men anointed with that spirit? And uh it's amazing that you saw that these two men because of the miracles that they did in shutting up the heavens and and um the uh the the same and the same miracles that Moses did and Elijah did that you identified them with these two these two men of Revelation 11. Doesn't say in the Bible that those are those two men. Amazing. see young man in Justin and how he loves the word. One of the things that when I first met him in front of a church here, I said, "Let me tell you a story." And I told him a Bible story and that kid locked on and he was listening to every word that I said. I can't remember which story it was, but I remember your reaction and how you loved the word. He just loved it. And it was in you. It's a gift in you that you have that you love that word. I have the same gift. I may not with me. I may not be a good speaker. I may not be anything else, but the gifts that I have is I love the word and I love God's people. And it's it's uh it's something that is rare and you should thank the Lord that you have it. Brought Mitchell with you. Welcome, brother. God bless you. It's good to have you. I was just asking the two there. I I was telling them about communion and and here's how we do communion. And um and I asked him, I said, "Are you Christians?" And uh I think Mitchell was was as concerned as like, "Well, I've never been to church here. Am I okay to take communion? And my answer is you are okay to take communion if you are a Christian. If you love the Lord Jesus. There was people the wonderful thing about the book of Acts and about the about the Bible is people came from all different walks of life and they came together. They looked different. They acted different. They dressed different. They were different colors. They were different races. But yet they could come together on this, the body and the blood of Jesus Christ. And it was through the ages that we have this in common. This is our foundation. And we can come and have visitors. And I can I can go across the world to another place in the world and I can go into a church, whatever church it is, as long as that church believes on the Lord Jesus Christ and I can take communion. with that church. It's beautiful. It's a wonderful thing that brings us together. I jotted down a few notes. I was just thanking the Lord for everybody, for our community. My son and I have been talking about how important a community is. How important we are to each other. How important it is when somebody just reaches out a hand of fellowship. No matter what you look like, no matter no matter what walk of life you are, when someone just reaches out that hand of fellowship and shows you some love, Justin, it means a lot, doesn't it? It's so important. And we should not friends take for granted what we have and that we have each other and the love that we have with each other from each other and for each other. I was as I was thinking that in the back and I was Josiah was in my office and and it just kind of came to me like this is what Jesus wanted. Jesus was a man. He was God made flesh. He wanted community. He wanted fellowship. He wanted communion. Towards the end of his life, Jesus got his disciples together. And the really the last prayer we we have, Jesus prayed on the cross that God would forgive the people that were murdering him. But we have this prayer that Jesus prayed for his disciples. I've read it before, but I think it's good to read again. Let's John chapter 17 and let's start with let's start with verse seven because that's looks like that's when he um starts praying for his disciples. Now watch the love that Jesus has for his friends. Don't forget Jesus is a man. He's God made flesh. So he had feelings and he had friends and he had these friends that just meant so much to him. He says this, "Now they have known and and Jesus is praying." Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee. For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me, and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, speaking to God, that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou did send me, send me. I pray for them. Wow, look at this. He loves his friends. I pray for them. I pray not for the world but for them which thou hast given me for they are thine. &gt;&gt; After service when you got baptized Justin after service young Lydia came came to me. I had you I had you say it in church and she says you know I've been praying for Justin. We haven't seen him in a long time. She says, "I I I prayed for him and I pray that I prayed that he would be baptized just in the short time that you were here." Look at that spirit of Christ. And here's Jesus and he's he's saying, "I pray for them. I pray not for the world, but for them which thou has given me, for they are thine, and all are all mine are thine, and thine are mine, and I am glorified in them." And right there we see that Jesus Christ is none other than God. He is God in flesh. All mine are thine and thine are mine. Who could say that? And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me that they may be one as we are. He's praying for his friends and he knows he's about to go and he's he says, "Lord, may they be one like you and I are one, Father. How much how much love we have for each other. May they have that same love. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me, I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of predition, that the scripture might be fulfilled. And now come I to thee, and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. He wants his people to have this joy. And friends, if we truly understand what Christ is, if we truly understand who we are in believers of Jesus, then we should be filled with joy. And Jesus is saying if they would just have that same joy that I have. I have given them thy word and the world hath hated them because they are not of the world even as I am not of the world. I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world but thou but that thou shouldest keep them from evil. They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I like that. Sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. Remember this morning I talked about this sermon on the mount and he said, "Not one jot, not one tit will fail." And he's saying here that your word, Lord, is the truth. As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. And for their sakes I sanctify myself that they also might be sanctified through the tr through the truth. Can you imagine Jesus said I purify myself not for me but for them. And friends, when we are praying, when we are living our lives outside of a outside of church and we see the mistakes that we make and we see the sins that we commit and and we say, "Lord, forgive me." But what we forget is, "Lord, I want to sanctify myself not for me. I want to sanctify myself for my friends that you might hear my prayer for the one that needs my prayer. That I might be able to witness. I might be in my right frame of mind. I might not be sinning but I might have given my heart to the Lord and I might be serving you not for myself but for someone else. And Jesus is saying here he says I sanctify myself that they also might be sanctified. Neither pray I for these alone but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. I take that as me too. Not just that I believe on the disciples word, but that others might also believe by my word, that I can witness to someone, that I can teach, that I could lead someone to Christ, that they may be one, as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. Their love for one another, their unity will show that I am Jesus Christ. I am the Christ. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one, that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved them as thou hast loved me. Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Lord, I want them with me. Lord, there's there's coming such a great time, a a a great wedding supper. There's going to be a heaven. And there's going to be there's going to be great things that I has not seen and ear has not heard. Lord, these things are going to be great. And I want my friends with me. Imagine Jesus. How much better it make makes things when we celebrate with someone else. Something good can happen to us. Rh. Yay. But something good happens to us and we can celebrate with each other. Oh, it makes it so much better. Where was I? Oh, righteous father. No, let's go back to 24. Father, let's read that one again. Father, I will also whom thou hast given me will be with me where I am that they may be behold my glory which thou hast given me. For thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Oh righteous father, the world hath not known thee, but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me, and I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it, that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them." How beautiful are the words, the last prayer of our Lord Jesus. I speak about that prayer a lot because it means so much to me. It's such an example. It's such an example to me as a pastor and loving this church. I want to see everyone saved. I want to see everyone prospering. As different as we all are, I want to see all of us there. And I believe you want to see all of us there. That's the spirit of Christ. We want to be together. We want that community. We want that community here on earth. And we also want there's something that desires that community because it's just a taste of what's going to be over on the other side here. What's going on now really is just a reflection of what's going on somewhere else. We believe that we are now somehow someway with the father because the Bible says Jesus talks about the children and he says right now they are with the father and there they are. And we believe that there is something we might we not understand it, but there is something that is leading us and influencing us to love one another and to want to get more and more in and bring people together. Like I quoted Charlie Kirk, let's make heaven crowded. And that's what a real Christian wants. We love that fellowship. We love that community. Listen to the Lord and how much it meant to him. Luke chapter 22. Now Jesus prays that prayer and then Jesus goes off to a place by himself in the garden of Gethsemane, not very far, just a stones throw away. And he goes off to pray. And he wants his friends to stay close. He doesn't want to go off totally off by himself. He wants his friends there. I'm sure it was a comfort to him. Luke chapter 22:4. And when he was at that at the place, he said unto them, "Pray that you enter not into temptation. And when he was withdrawn from them about a stones cast, and he kneel down and prayed, saying, "Father, he's in torment. He's in anguish right now. He knows that he is about to go to the cross. He knows that he is about to be betrayed. He knows that he's about to be embarrassed. He knows that he is about to be forsaken by everyone. It's not just dying. It's dying a horrible death. Not just the pain, but being forsaken by your friends. He knows they're all going to run away. Jesus knew the scriptures. He knew that they he would have he was going to have to be left alone. And here he is and he's down and he's on his knees and he's praying and he says, "Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me. I don't want to do this. This is going to be hard and I'm scared." Remember, he's only 33 years old. He's a He's He doesn't want it. The flesh in him doesn't want it to happen. But he says these wonderful words. He set himself aside and he says, "Nevertheless, not my will, but thy will be done." And then there appeared an angel unto him from heaven strengthening him. God sent a messenger to help him. But watch what Jesus wants even more than the angel. And being in agony, he prayed more earnestly. And his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. And when he arose up from prayer, where did he go? He went to his disciples. You think maybe he wanted to see his loved ones? He wanted to maybe give them a hug. He wanted to maybe talk with them a little bit. Think about how much that community means to us when we're going through a hard time. How much does it help when somebody is there for me? When he rose up from prayer, he was come to his disciples and he found them sleeping for sorrow. And he said unto them, why sleep ye? Rise up and pray lest you enter into temptation. So he's saying, won't you pray? You're gonna you're going to fall into temptation, too. I need your help here. And while he yet spake, behold, a multitude. And he that was called Judas, one of the 12, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus, and kissed him. We see three different accounts in Matthew, Mark, and Luke. They each tell it a little bit different. I believe it's Luke is the only one that has the angel that comes to comfort them. But all of the other gospels say that he went back and he was he was disappointed that his disciples were sleeping. Why? He needed somebody to pray with him. He needed somebody to be there for him. This is the son of God. This is God in flesh. And still he wanted it. He wanted friends. He wanted community. He wanted someone there. And there is Peter and he's sleeping like I need some help. I need some love. I need some encouragement. And then he went back and he says, "Okay, sleep on." And times come anyways and here comes the torches. And they come and Judas identifies him to the soldiers. I believe it's the servants of the high priest. Jesus says, "The one I kiss is the one that you'll take." He gives goes up to Jesus and kisses him. And Jesus says, "Friend, you betray me with a kiss." Can you imagine your friend, someone you love, someone that you have spent your life training? Jesus knew who he was. He said that one of you is a devil. He knew who he was. But you don't think that he cared? Jesus cared for everyone. Jesus gave his life for the ones that killed him. If you don't believe me, read the gospels. When he's on the cross, father, forgive them for they don't know what they are doing. &gt;&gt; He went to the very cross to die for others. He loved. He loved like no one has ever loved in the history of the world did he love. And he prayed, "Lord, let them be where I am. Let them be with me, Father. When we go to this kingdom, Lord, I want them to be there. It's important enough to me that they go, that I will go to the cross of my own accord. I will let them spit in my face. I will let them forsake me. All the disciples took off running, scared. And there's Jesus left alone. And he goes to the cross for the very people that forsook him, for the very people that crucified him and the people really, there were some that really did love him and they just made a mistake when they took off running. That's what happened. And Jesus said before the night before or the same night that he was betrayed the same night he goes to the the bread and he says take this. He said do it in remembrance of me. I love you. Remember me. Don't forget me. And he says with the wine. He says drink this. This is my blood. He said do it in remembrance of me. So when we are doing this friends, we are doing the communion. We are we are doing this symbolism in remembrance of him and it brings our thoughts to him. I know it says let a man examine himself. We want to take this worthy. We want to do it right. But it's not about us. It is about remembering the one that died for us. Amen. It's beautiful. There has never been someone that loved like Jesus loved. He was the love of God manifested on earth. He was that very essence of God. He was He was When you read the Old Testament, you see this this God that is fearful and this God that that would just destroy for things, friends, that you and I both have done. And he just wipes it clean. But then we get to this man, Jesus Christ. And as God goes to wipe it clean, uh, he can't touch that perfect sacrifice. And here's Jesus saying, "Lord, they're mine. They're mine. I am that perfect sacrifice and I claim them." Just like he prayed. How beautiful. How beautiful are the words of Jesus. How beautiful is the love of Jesus. He was love. The Apostle John, he knew Jesus better than anyone. He was that beloved disciple that, you know, he wouldn't say his name, but he's like, you know, the one Jesus loved. It's like they all loved the disciples would be like, "Hey, they loved us, too." Well, you know, the one Jesus loved. I'm right. I'm the author. The one Jesus loved. And he said, he made this great statement. I love to quote it. Three words. God is love. And you know what? Jesus Christ is that embodiment of love. And what we're doing tonight is honoring him, remembering him through these ordinances. The brothers would come and we'll take the communion. As I said, the qualification for taking communion is that you have given your life to Jesus Christ, that you are a Christian. That's the same qualification that was here in the book of Acts. They brought Romans in as I talked about this morning with shaving the the sides of their head or or or dressing different or what it is whatever it was. They were different people came from different societies yet they came together in Jesus Christ. How beautiful how beautiful is this man Christ? 1 Corinthians chapter 11, the Apostle Paul speaking of the communion service. 1 Corinthians 11 verse number 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, this is the last supper he's talking about. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also, he took the cup. And when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the New Testament in my blood." I talked about the Old Testament this morning and how it changed when Jesus came. This is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as ye drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wow. As often as we are eating this bread and drinking this wine, as often as we are taking communion, we are honoring the crucifixion, death, sacrifice of the Lord Jesus until he comes. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. You notice it says there I just in reading this right now. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat. He doesn't say examine yourself. Are you worthy or not? He says, "Examine yourself and eat. Get right and take this communion. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body." So he's saying, "Do this, but make sure you are making things right. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep." Remember when Jesus said, "Father, I sanctify myself for their sake." When we are coming to church, when we are taking this communion, when we have sin in our lives, we are hurting others along with ourselves. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. We judge ourselves and when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord. We see our faults. We make these things right so that we would not be condemned with the world. So, I go here and I look at this bread and I think 2,000 years ago they started doing this. And here we are, Tucson, Arizona, Sunday evening, and we're doing the same thing that they did when Jesus broke this bread and he said, "Now do this in remembrance of me." Don't forget me, friends. Don't forget me. don't forget what I did for you. He wanted us to be with him and he's saying don't forget me. His bread's broken as was the body of Jesus Christ. No piece is the same just as all of us are different. They're all when you take your piece, every one of them is different. Every piece is is different. Every piece has a different shape, a different size, slightly different color. Everyone is different. That's why we don't take wafers. We don't take these cookie cutter pieces of of uh leavenless bread because it's the body is different and it's all broken. And as you take this and you get your piece, you notice that you have got an individual piece. And this is your individual walk with the Lord. And you are doing this as an individual to come in communion with all of these believers in honor of the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Father, I hold this bread. It represents you, Lord. It represents your broken body. And Lord, we are honored that we can come together as Christians and we can take of this bread as you commanded us. And Lord, we humbly do it. We thank you for the opportunity. And Father, we ask that your blessings would be upon this bread as we take it to our lips and we chew it and we take it into our body. Father, may there be healing also in this bread. And And as I pray over the wine, may they also be there in Jesus name. Amen. The wine represents the blood of Jesus Christ. It's red. It's alive. It has alcohol in it. It has what we It has a a living life that's there. Has the yeast in it. And it has it is it is it's alive and and it represents a living word. It represents a living sacrifice. Not something that is dead. It represents something that's alive. Jesus Christ is alive today. He spilled this blood out on the ground for me. And if it have only been for me, he would have done it. If it had only been for you, he would have done it. I take this personally. Lord, you did it for me. Lord God, I hold this wine in my hands representing your blood. I pray, Father, that your blessings would rest upon it. Lord, as with the bread also, may there be healing in this cup of communion. Lord, if there'd be somebody here that needs healing in their body, Father, I pray that as they drink this wine that that healing would be manifested. We thank you, Father, for this opportunity. Jesus name. May your blessings be upon it. Amen. [Music] The remainder of this bread as is tradition believe goes back all the way to the mana that was in the wilderness as the children of Israel wandered and God provided for them. The remainder of this bread, so it doesn't spoil, will be burned or consumed for the dawn of another day. Thank you. Thank you, brothers. Can you imagine the weary traveler way back in the book of Acts? Can you imagine coming from a long way away, walking in to a church and them saying, "Come in, pilgrim. Come in. break the bread with us, have the wine with us in honor of our Lord and this being done all over the world and just spreading. I was I was I knew a I met a person down in the south of Mexico. He was dying of cancer and it was cancer in his nose and it had gone up and they couldn't operate on it. They couldn't do anything about it. And and he worked for a Ford Motor Company. He wasn't a Christian. He didn't know anything about the Lord. And every day when he was walking home, he was walking by this building. He would walk by this building. And inside that building, he would hear music coming. He would hear singing, singing about the Lord Jesus. and he had gotten fired from his job because he could no longer perform his work because of his cancer. And he was sad and and walking home and and he come he came to that door and it must have been a Wednesday night and he heard that music coming from inside the building inside on the other side of the door and he stopped and maybe it was that song. song. I don't know what song it was, but Josiah, maybe it was that song that you were just singing. There is a fountain filled with blood. Let's say it was hearing that song. There is a fountain filled with blood flowing from Emanuel's veins. And he stopped. All was lost in his life. All hope was gone. He had a family to support. He was suffering with the cancer. And with Jesus, friends, he brings hope. No matter how bad things are, no matter how destitute, no matter what it looks like that nothing can happen, when you accept Jesus Christ and when you truly see him for what he is, there is always hope. and he heard that music and knocked on the door. Remember I said the weary traveler coming through and them serving him. He came, he walked in, he was weeping and he said, "I don't know what to do." And they said, "Come in. Come in." And he said, "I'm dying of cancer. I just lost my job. I can't perform my duties anymore." He says, he says, "I don't know what to do." And these people inside said, "Did you know God heals the sick?" And there was hope started to come in. There was maybe not for me, but there was a little hope that came in. They said, "Come in. Come in and worship with us." And he walked in there and they sang songs and they worshiped the Lord and they read the word. And then he was so uplifted and he went home and he was he was praying. He said, 'Lord, what can I do? Lord, this is this is just so wonderful. And he went into the bathroom and he went to his sink and he blew his nose and out came the cancer and he Yeah. And he told me, I believe he said, and I I was probably there in 2012, 2013. I believe he told me, "Brother, that was 10 years ago. I've never had a treatment before. I got my job back at the Ford plant." And now that man is a pastor, and he is praying for other people with this, presenting the same God that healed him. After supper being ended, John chapter 13 verse two and supper being ended, devil having now put into the heart of Judas's carrot, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God and went to God, he riseth up from supper and laid aside his garments and took a towel and girded himself. And after that he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was gerted. Wipe them with the towel wherewith he was gerted. Then cometh ye to Simon Peter. And Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? And Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter? And Peter saith under him unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou has no part with me. And then Simon saith unto him, I think all of us would say the same thing. Then Simon, Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. And Jesus saith unto him, he that wash he that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every went, and you are clean, not all. For he knew that who should betray him? Therefore said he, Ye are not all clean. I appreciate brother John answering that question for us. He's talking about Judas's care. But Peter was clean. Peter was clean because of Jesus Christ. So after he had washed their feet and he had taken his garments and was set down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you. Ye call me master and lord." And ye say well, for so I am. If then your Lord and Master have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither is he that is sent greater than he that sent him. So, he's saying, listen, you're not greater than me, and I'm doing this to you. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. And that's why we continue on with this tradition of washing feet. It's another thing that we do in remembrance of what Jesus said. And he said, "I did this to you. Now you do this to one another." So we wash each other's feet as we would wash Jesus's feet and as he would wash our feet. Amen. So, the men will go up to the upstairs chapel and uh brother Arie, which way are we going to go? Are we going to go? We'll follow the brothers will follow the other brothers and the sisters will go into the fellowship hall and let's all stand. Tony, would you come and close in prayer, my friend? [Music] Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you for allowing us to be here, Lord, and you being in our presence tonight. Thank you for your sacrifice and that cross, Lord. And thank you as we as we eat and drink in remembrance of you tonight, Lord. And as we go forth and we wash each other's feet in remembrance of what you did to the disciples, Lord, we we give you thanks, Lord. May you be with us tonight and through the rest of this week, Lord, to guide us and be with us, Father. In your name we pray. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Praise be to God. Amen. He is good, friends. He loves us and we love him. And now we get to do just this little act of serving one another and washing each other's feet that represents something great that Jesus did. thousand years ago. You're dismissed. The sisters into the fellowship hall, the brothers upstairs. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
