################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-13 - The Story of Joseph Pt8: Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-13
Title:   The Story of Joseph Pt8: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OueKi3bJe-E
========================================

to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice home at night. Yes. Ever to rejoice one more time. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Hey man, you didn't get the change then. I had taken that one off and put another song, but actually that one ties perfectly with the last one. So good. We know the Lord is in charge of all things and appreciate that. Amen. So, Brother John, would you come up and open in prayer and we'll read the prayer request and have you open in prayer. Sister Amelia has several requests says uh Cody, a friend of ours is asking prayers for Daryl Smith. He's to he's in the hospital with cancer in his stomach. So we'll remember him. This is from Sister Eva. and also prayers are being asked for esperansa. My says uh coworker she has to go to the hospital for her enzymes in her liver are real high. So and then my sister-in-law Esther Alcant is asking to remember it in prayer not feeling well. So if you want to stand and you have something in your you want to signify with your hand raised saying Lord sometimes you might be able to pay put it in words you just know you want the Lord to respond so he will thank you [Music] Lord we just want to thank you to be in your house tonight and these requests that have been brought forth we pray that you would just meet every need as you meet us here tonight and pray that you would just be with us in this service. In your name we pray. Amen. Take a moment to greet one [Music] another. Amen. I had changed it to such love. I guess maybe I didn't send it to you. I'm in trouble. Such love. Such wondrous [Music] love that God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss nor rest till he had planned to bring me in. How wonderful is love there. Such love, such wonderous love, such love, such wonder that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And Christ should join so freely in the sting. All let men his death on Calvary be human tongue find no mer divine that ransom me. Such love such wonderous love. Such love, such wonderous that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And for a willful outcast such as I, the father plan, the Savior bled and died. redemption for a worthless slave to my who long had long grace define. Such love, such wonderous love, such love, such wonderous love that God showed love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart of sun. He asks me not to fill a servant's place. The flower of country wanderings all are done. Oh, wide open are his arms of grace. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Amen. Even when you didn't think you were lovable, he still loved you. He said, "You're my son. You're my daughter. You may be seated." Amen. So, I was Sarah was over at the house and we got to talking and she mentioned such love and I said, "I'm going to change it." And I sent it out. Oh, well, we got to sing both of them. All right. Amen. I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. You know, if if if you're not resting, he is rest. He is peace. Yes. Check yourself closely. Why am I not resting? And now there's there's a good there's a good struggle in wanting to be like him, but there's rest in him. Amen. My soul [Music] sadness [Music] was so burdened with sin and distress. Till I heard a sweet voice saying, "Make me your choice." And I entered the heaven. I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail the white seas no more. The tempest may sweep or the wild stormy day. In Jesus I'm safe ever more. Oh, I yielded myself to his tender embrace and faith taking a hold of the word. Oh, my feathers fell off and I anchored my soul. Oh, the haven of rest is [Music] alone. Oh, I've anchored my soul in the haven of grace. I'll sail the wild seas no more. The tempest may sweep or the wild stormy day. Oh, in Jesus I'm safe ever more. I've anchored my soul in the haven of west. I'll sail the white seas no more. Oh, the tempest may sweet or the wild stormy day. In Jesus I'm safe ever [Music] more. That last line, in Jesus I'm safe ever more. If you're getting into some trouble, check to see where you're standing. Cuz in him, Amen. I It reminded me the one time I've been out on the boat in the ocean as I was just singing that song as just a young boy. Dad's boss took us out on the out there in the the Pacific. And we went out what seemed like forever, but it wasn't that far. Just when you're little, everything is different in perspective. And we got out into the waves up and down. And uh it's like, "Lord, don't let this boat flip. Lord, don't let this Nothing happened here." Yeah. And those that have been on the boat, knew how the boat worked. They were not worried. Right. The owner and the the pilot, they were doing fine. It was us young ones who were in there the first time were holding on this side. But when you get to know him, and you know, he anchors you. Amen. You can take a hold of his hand, say, "I'm safe ever more." Amen. And that chorus of through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. You know how you learn? By experience. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon. If you have, raise your hand and just acknowledge that I've learned to do it. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Through it all. Through it all. I see Chloe and Asher. They're here. And they're getting old enough to understand that Papa and Mama do mess up sometimes. But there was a time that daddy, papa, mama, grandpa, grandma could do no wrong. You know, they they could they could solve everything, take care of everything. And that was when $1 was so much to them cuz they didn't know the value of money yet. Now it's papa. How about a 20? You know, but you know, when you when you learn you get to know him, there is no fear. Through it all, I've learned to trust him. [Music] So I see that I missed the other song. There's the look I was waiting for. Okay. Thanks. The battle is the Lord's. It is. We make it our battle sometimes. But he says, you know, give it to me. And sorry, I'm making the the sound people there work a little extra today. So We can get the words up [Music] there. I don't know them off the top of my head. [Music] There is a soul in time of need that gives me hope. That brings me peace in every trial. Through every turn, my savior stands in my defense. So when the road you walk, leaves you tired and warm, all your strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is greater than the [Music] storm. Take courage for the battle is alone. When the waters rise, he calls your name and bids you come out on the way. He holds your hand lest you should fall and makes you stand upon the water. When the wood you walk leaves you tired and warm. All your strength is gone. and your heart feels tall. Remember, God is gater than the storm. Take courage for the is the Lord's. Now, I sang and I put you in that verse. I wanted you to realize it was you that he's so if you're next close to somebody sing it that way to one another mom and and and and daughter okay let's go to that second verse when the waters rise he calls your name and let you Come out on the way. He holds your hand lest you should fold and makes you stand upon the water. When the road you walk leaves you tired and warm, all your strength is long and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is greater than the storm. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Remember God's greater than the storm. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Amen. And he's never lost a battle. That's right. He's never come close to losing a battle. It looked like when he was on the cross that oh this our deliverer has lost. No. The greatest deliverance was getting ready to come. One you could not do for yourself. So he said I'll do it for you. Yeah. Amen. And you know why? Because he loves you. Oh how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. And oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves you and me. That's another song you could turn and sing to one another. And oh, encourage one another that way. He loves you. He loves me. Amen. You deserve the glory. This this evening is the last portion of the study on Joseph and brother Lyall is doing and that's a lot of work that he's put in to do that. But you know who gave him the strength and the encouragement, your prayers, your attitude, your receiving it. That's what draws and God coming and does that. Amen. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like Let's stand and sing that one more time as brother Ly prepares. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. So true. So true. Thank you all so much. God bless you. Good evening and welcome once again to our Wednesday night Bible study. As I'm sure you know by now, we've been studying the life of Joseph. This evening is part eight, and tonight we'll conclude this series. We'll also look a bit beyond his life and review some of the lessons we can take from his life and apply to our lives. Before we resume our study, let's join together one more time in prayer. Lord Jesus, our sufficiency lies in you. Lord, I'm certainly inadequate to stand here and say anything, but Lord, it's your grace. It's your mercy. It's your love that empowers and enables us. It's it's the blood that you shed. It's the price that you paid to redeem us to yourself. And Lord, we're so grateful. There truly is no one else no one else like you. Lord, as we're studying the life of Joseph and seeing how he models, how he types, how he how he shows attributes that you would fully manifest when you were here and that you're still manifesting today through your Holy Spirit in each of us. Lord, we pray that you would forgive us where we fall short. Open our hearts, Lord. Help us to be receptive to your word. guard my lips, Lord, that I say nothing that would cause anyone any difficulty, anyone to stumble, anyone to be misdirected in any way, but Lord, we just our desire is to draw closer to you, to be yielded to the spirit of Christ. And Lord, drawing closer to one another. We're so grateful for this opportunity and this privilege that we have. We commit the remainder of this evening now to you in Jesus precious name. Amen. While you're standing, I I'd like to start by reading a short passage from Deuteronomy chapter 32. It's about the Exodus. But there would have been no Exodus from Egypt if under Moses if there had not been a migration to Egypt under Joseph. Moses is reminding the people he has led for many decades about their history, about their roots. He says,"Remember the days of old. Consider the years of many generations. Ask thy father and he'll show you thy elders and they will tell thee." Do we do this? Can we summarize our history as Christians from its foundations in Genesis to the present day? The Jewish people divide their Torah, the five books of Moses, into 52 divisions. and they read the entire set every year in their synagogue services. How often do we read and review the Gospels, for example? How can we know the God of the word if we don't know the word of God? Hence our review of the Old Testament last year and now looking at the lives of some of its major characters. Moses goes on, "When the Most High divided the nations to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people, the the borders of the land according to the number of the children of Israel. For the Lord's portion is what? his people. Jacob is the lot of his inheritance. And Paul likening Israel to an olive tree tells us we Gentiles were grafted in not to replace, not to supplant, but to join into the inheritance of eternal life through Jesus Christ. Lord, the Lord found Israel in a desert land in the waste howling wilderness. He led them about. He instructed them. He kept him as the apple of his eye. As the eagle stirth up her nest, flutterth over her young, spreadth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings, so the Lord alone did lead him, and there was no strange God in him. Please be seated. We ended last time with Jacob and his extended family relocating from Canaan to Gan, the best of the land of Egypt. To use the metaphor from Deuteronomy, the place where the eagle built the nest and would raise the chicks. Also, last week I indicated I said something probably a little strange. I said that Joseph was the master publican. But I hope I hope you've considered that statement, given it some careful thought. The Bible studies we doing are not intended to be one and done or enjoyed and quickly forgotten. I use the word publican deliberately. Why? The word publican simply means a person who is a collector of public revenue. But this word has a very negative connotation with us. It's a pjorative term because of the New Testament perspective on publicans. They were hated in Jesus' day because they had a reputation for overcharging and lining their own pockets. Now, Joseph did collect taxes. We read in uh Genesis 41, Joseph was 30 years old when he interpreted Pharaoh's dreams and and stood before the king. Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh and went throughout all the land of Egypt. And in the seven plenteous years, the earth brought forth by handfuls. Joseph gathered up all the food via 20% tax of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities, the food of the field, which was round about every city, lady up in the same, in the granaries near those cities, within the cities. Joseph gathered grain as the sand of the sea very much until he left numbering for it was without number. It was more than their number system could accommodate. But he did not line his own pockets. He collected and protected the grain. We're accustomed to an economy based on money currency used as a means of exchange representing value. And ancient times economy was more barterbased. Swap grain for bricks for example. Abraham's wealth was described in terms of livestock, as was Job's. Gold and silver were used as well, but measured by weight. The first coins were minted in Lydia, part of modern-day Turkey, and approximately 630 BC, more than a thousand years after Joseph. When the time came to sell the grain, we read Joseph gathered up all the money, that is the silver and gold that was found in the land of Egypt and in the land of Canaan for the grain which they bought. And Joseph brought the silver and gold into Pharaoh's house, not Joseph's house. And when the money ran out, Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh. For the Egyptians sold every man his field, because a famine prevailed over them. So the land became Pharaoh's not Joseph's. Though it was through this mechanism that Israel had land granted by Pharaoh on which to live and to thrive. Joseph was a man of great personal integrity. When writing the account of Joseph's life, Moses never even hinted that Joseph was ethically dishonest as in his role as the vizier of Egypt, the viceroy. Finally, note what Joseph said his mission was. What he said was his understanding of why God sent him to Egypt through the treachery of his older siblings. It was not for personal gain or to create generational wealth to be hoarded or invested. The first was to save many lives. If he had not done what he did during the years of plenty, hundreds of thousands of people would have perished. Amen. Joseph said unto his brethren, "Come near to me, I pray you." And they came near. And he said, "I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt. Now therefore, be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves that you sold me hither, for God did send me before you." Why? To preserve life. The second was to preserve and protect Jacob and his descendants. Joseph's family through the political system that existed in Egypt at that time in history. He was able to secure land that was ideal for them to settle in, flourish, and become a nation. He said, "God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance." Skipping to verse 10. And thou shalt dwell in the land of Gan, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast. Why? For what purpose? To exploit them, to lord it over them? No. And there will I nourish thee. For yet there are five years of famine, lest thou and thy household and all that thou hast come to poverty. Pharaoh became extremely wealthy and powerful as a result of Joseph's efforts and this enabled Israel to survive and flourish. God then used Egypt to provide for and protect them while the chicks were growing in the nest and go. We learn later in the Torah, the Pentatuk, the five books of Moses, that God sent in motion events that would eventually force the nation of Israel to leave the security of Gan and Egypt and return to Canaan. Pull the feathers out of the nest, make them uncomfortable, make them willing to leave. That was the territory, the land of promise to Abraham. And the return would be under the political and spiritual leadership of Moses, followed by the military leadership of Joshua. We read about this in our opening verses in Deuteronomy. Last time we stopped at the end of chapter 47. Let's pick up our story with the last five verses of chapter 47. Verse 27. And Israel, Joseph's dad, also known as Jacob. Sometimes we get confused. Israel is a nation. In this case, Israel means Jacob. It means the man. It means Joseph's father. Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt in the country of Gan. And they had possessions therein and grew and multiplied exceedingly. It was a good nest. Jacob lived in the land of Egypt 17 years. So the whole age of Jacob was 147 years. How many years did Joseph live under Jacob's loving care before his brother sold him to be a slave in Egypt? 17. How many years did Jacob live under Joseph's loving care in the land of Egypt? 17. And the time drew near that Israel must die. And he called his son Joseph and said unto him, "If now I I have found grace in thy sight, uh, put, I pray thee, thy thy hand under my thigh, deal kindly and truly with me. Bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt, but I will I want to lie with my fathers. Thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burying place." And Joseph said,"I will do as thou hast said." And Israel said, "Swear unto me." And he swore unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head. Chapter 48. It came to pass after these things that one told Joseph, "Behold, your father's sick." And Joseph set off to see his father and took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. Notice Joseph and the son's order. Manasseh, Ephraim, the birth order. And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee. And Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. It it's so easy to just read this as a story, some historical event divorced from our lives today. But this is a personal story. It's filled with emotion. Yeah. Joseph's dad is very, very old. And now Joseph learns that his dad is really, really sick. How many of us have had a similar experience? Going to see an aging parent taken ill, wondering if it's the last time we'll see them, be able to let them know we love them. share final moments. And Jacob struggling to sit on his bed, he's too weak to get up and go sit in a chair, said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at L, later known as Bethl, in the land of Canaan. At the time, he was fleeing for his life from his brother Esau. And God blessed me. And God said unto me, "Behold, I will make thee fruitful and multiply thee. I will make of thee a multitude of people. I will give this land to thy descendants after thee for an everlasting possession." That's Genesis 28:10-19. And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh. Notice Jacob and the order. Secondborn is listed first. Jacob is Jacob. Which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt. They're mine. As Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine. Joseph, I'm adopting them. and thy issue which thou be getest after them. Any sons you have after these two. Keep in mind Joseph is almost 60 years old now. And Azeneath his wife is likely at least in her late 40s or early 50s. Any children you have after this shall be thine. And now referring back to Manasseh and Ephraim shall be called after the name of their brethren and their inheritance. In other words, they have the same status and rights of inheritance as their two oldest uncles, greater than their cousins. And then the focus of Jacob's conversation seems to begin to wander. Where where was I? He starts to reminisce. As for me, when when I came from Padanaram in Syria, your mother Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way when yet there was but a little way to come to Ephereth. And I buried there in the way of Ephereth, the same as Bethlehem. And Israel became aware of the presence of Joseph's sons and said, "Who who are these? I I thought it was just you and I here." the the fellow said, "Joseph is coming. Who who's there?" And Joseph said unto his father, "They are my sons whom God hath given me in this place." And Jacob said, "But bring them. I I pray thee unto me. I I will bless them." Now the eyes of Israel were dimmed for age. In other words, he had cataracts so that he could not see. And Joseph brought Manasseh and Ephraim near unto Jacob to Israel. And and Jacob kissed them and embraced them. And Israel turned and said to Joseph, "I had not thought to see thy face, and lo, God hath showed me also thy children." And Joseph brought them out from between Israel's knees. They were probably at the foot of Israel's bed and likely bowing to him just respectfully there. And Joseph bowed himself with his face to the earth. And Joseph then rose up and took them both Ephraim in his right hand towards Israel's left hand and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand and brought them near unto him. Now, we sometimes envision these two boys as children being led by the hand. They were born during the years of plenty. So, around 10 or 12 when Jacob arrived. This is 17 years later. So, they're close to 30 years old as this scene unfolds. And Israel stretched out his right hand and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manass's head, guiding his hands willingly, for Manasseh was the firstborn. The young men are probably kneeling next to the bed on either side so Jacob can touch their heads for the blessing. And Israel blessed Joseph and said, "God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day, the the angel which redeemed me from all evil. Bless the lads. Let my name be named on them and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac. and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth. When Joseph saw that his father had laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him. He held up his father's hand to remove it from Ephraim's head, put it onto Manass's head. Joseph said unto his father, "Oops, not so, my father, but this is the firstborn. Put thy right hand upon his head." Dad, your mind was wandering earlier. Now your hands are wandering too. You crossed your arms when blessing my sons. You're confused. This is important. Let me help you. And his father refused and said, I know it, my son. I know it. He also shall become a people. He also shall be great, but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he and his descendants shall become a multitude of nations. Brother Brandham referred to this multiple times in uh in the countdown from 1964. And he Jacob or Israel had to take Joseph's two sons, Ephri and Manasseh, the the prophet's children, and bless them. And when he did, his hands crossed and and Joseph said, "Father, not so. Put your hands on Ephraim. It should be on Manasseh." Israel said, "God crossed my hands." Taking it from the older son, the law. And putting it up over on Christ. And through that come through the cross come the change of the birthright. Amen. To the younger son. Oh my, how wonderful. Back to Genesis. And Israel blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh. And Israel set Ephraim before Manasseh. And is Israel said unto Joseph, "Behold, I die. But God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers. Moreover, I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow." The way things were in those days, the firstborn would inherit a double portion. Jacob has made clear Joseph's position as having the rights and inheritance of the firstborn in that society at that time. And adopting Manasseh and Ephraim, they will get two territories in the eventual return to Canaan under Joshua rather than one, which would have been to Joseph and have been the case if Israel had not adopted these two. The reference to taking from the Amorites by violence may be a reference to the destruction of Sheckchham, although Jacob disavowed this action and condemns Simeon and Levi because of it. However, Joseph's remains will eventually be buried near Shechum and the plot of land Jacob bought before the slaughter of the people of Sheckchham because of the treatment Dina had suffered at their hand. Chapter 49. And Jacob called unto his sons and said, "Gather yourselves together that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days. Gather yourselves together and hear, you sons of Jacob. Hearken unto Israel your father." And now Jacob speaks to each of his 12 sons, not including Manasseh and Ephraim. surprise. I'm not going to read these this evening. Our focus is the life of Joseph. And many of the things said by Jacob are difficult to understand, particularly in the context of the last days. Brother Brandham referring to this section of Genesis a few times basically said that they would all be in the land of Israel in the last days. And that's what Jacob said. He never broke down any of the individual blessings that I've been able to find. So he blesses each of his sons. And we get to verse 28. All these are the 12 tribes of Israel. And this is it that their father spake unto them and blessed them. Everyone according to his blessing. He blessed them. And he charged them and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people, bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hitittite, in the cave that is in the field of Mella, which is near Mamray, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hitittite, for a possession of a burying place. There they buried Abraham and Sarah, his wife. There they buried Isaac and Rebecca, his wife. There I buried Leia. The the purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from from the children of Heath. When Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed and yielded up the ghost, the spirit was gathered unto his people. The story of Joseph is deeply entwined with that of Jacob. Recall the opening verses of chapter 37 when we started this series. 371, Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger in the land of Canaan. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph being 17 years old was feeding the flock with his brethren. Interesting way to introduce Joseph. Verse three. Israel loved Joseph more than all his children. Back to our story. Jacob has just died in the presence of his sons. Chapter 50. Joseph fell upon his father's face and wept upon him and kissed him. Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. And the physicians embombed Israel. It's the the mummification process of Egypt. And 40 days were fulfilled for him. That's how long it takes to perform mummification. For so are fulfilled the days of those which are embaled. And the Egyptians mourned for him for three score in 10 days. 70 days was a standard period for mourning a VIP in Egypt. Remember what we think of as Judaism, Old Testament burial practice had not been originated. This is all hundreds of years before the Exodus. And when the days of Israel's mourning were passed, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh. Joseph didn't speak to Pharaoh. He spoke to the house of Pharaoh to speak to Pharaoh on his behalf, carefully observing Egyptian protocol for his request, saying, "If now I have found grace in your eyes to the house of Pharaoh, speak for me, I pray you, and the ears of Pharaoh, saying, My father Jacob made me swear, saying, Lo, I die, and my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me." Now therefore, let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again to Egypt. And Pharaoh said, Go up, bury thy father, according as he made thee swear. And Joseph went up to Canaan to bury his father Jacob. And with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt. The Egyptians are bestowing a huge honor, recognizing Joseph's importance by honoring his father in this way. and all the house of Joseph and his brethren and his father's house, only their little ones and their flocks and their herds they left in the land of Gan. Further evidence to Pharaoh that Joseph will return as he has promised. And there went up with Joseph both chariots, solid wheeled carts as we've discussed before, and horsemen. And it was a very great company. And they came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan. And there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation. And Joseph made a mourning for his father. Seven days. Seven days. Mourning is standard practice in Judaism to this day called sitting Shiva. Shiva is the word for seven. Notice something interesting here. The company did not go the most direct route to Canaan, but went a longer route, requiring them to cross the Jordan. This is most likely a similar route used by Moses, with the exception that Moses deterred much further to get to Mount Si. There's extensive Jewish tradition regarding this route, the order in which the 12 sons carried his cactus, the dates, and so forth. I I put a URL at the bottom of the slide if you want to find out more about these traditions and also in tonight's handout. It's uh it's listed there as well. Joseph did not return to Canaan along the route taken by the spice traders 40 years earlier. And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites saw the mourning and the floor of a tad, they said, "This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians. Wherefore the name of it was called Abel Misraim. Abel meaning morning and Misraim being the name of Egypt, the morning of the Egyptians, which is beyond Jordan. And Jacob's sons did unto him according as he commanded them. for his sons carried him into the land of Canaan and buried him in the cave of the field of Mechilla which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a burying place of Ephron the Hittite before Mamray. And Joseph returned unto Egypt, he and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father after he had buried his father. Notice the route back is pretty direct. The rabbis also say that Joseph returned on the same route of the spice traders. This of course would have a profound effect on his brothers as well as bring back many unhappy memories for him. Now, the next few verses we're going to read may be a flashback to when Jacob died during the embombing and mourning period rather than after the return of the journey to bury his remains. Kind of a sidebar, something to pay attention to, to notice when you're reading in the Old Testament accounts of uh of different characters and the gospel accounts as well. They're not always chronological. The writers were more concerned about finishing a a thread of content than keeping all of the events in strict time sequence. Each thread tends to be in time order or sequential, but the various threads are often interwoven in time with many flashbacks and many flash forwards. You see that especially in the Gospel of Luke. It's it's very apparent. So from Genesis 49:28 that we've read when Jacob says he's dying through to 5014 that we just finished reading the family returning to Egypt, the threat is of Jacob's dying wish and its fulfillment. So Moses wanted to carry this all the way through and not interrupt it with other considerations. The attitudes of the brothers aren't relevant to this. But the next verses we're going to read from verses 15 to 21, that's another thread that tells of the brother's attitude and Joseph's response. In terms of storyline threads and lessons, it's it's a separate thread. Chronologically, it may have occurred at any point after Jacob's death. Just because it's presented after the return to Goan doesn't mean that it necessarily took place after the return. Back to our story. When Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, suggesting that this was concurrent with Jacob's death early in the inbombing period, clearly they didn't need to go to Cain and bury him and come all the way back to realize that he was dead. When they saw the father was dead, they said, "Joseph will probably hate us. And even if he doesn't exactly hate us, he will certainly requite us. He will certainly pay us back for all the evil which we did unto him." So, so from their fear, they said about being their father's sons. They sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, "Thy father uh did command before he died." It's doubtful that he did. Did command before he died, saying, "So shall ye say unto Joseph, forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren in their sin, for they did unto thee evil. And and now we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father." And Joseph wept when they spake unto him. Joseph wept. What's happening? The brothers cannot accept the grace and love of the brother they hated and had mistreated. They are afraid. It's maybe it's just all an act for Joseph to reunite with Jacob, the father who loved him so much. With Jacob gone, they've heard that Joseph will now punish them harshly. Here's a related little story fragment from brother Brandham about an incident in the Civil War where an unnamed man came to President Lincoln sinking seeking a pardon for a soldier who was to be executed from tested faith produces goods. And Mr. Lincoln, kind-hearted, generous Christian gentleman as he was, said, "I'll do that." and he wrote on a little piece of paper, "Pardon so and so, Abraham Lincoln." And the man rushed back as quick as he could to the prisoner and he said, "Sir, I have your pardon." And he laid it before him. Oh, he said, "That's not a pardon. It's just a piece of paper." But he said, "It's your pardon. Look, Mr. Lincoln's name is on it. He's the president of the United States." He said, "If it was Mr. Lincoln's correct paper to be gold trimmed. It would have a seal and so forth. He said, "But but sir, that's the president's signature." And he refused to receive it. Thought the fellow was only making his life even more miserable. The next morning, he was shot at sunrise. Then there was a signed declaration from the president of the United States that the man was pardoned the day before. And here he was shot. Now what? It was tried in the federal courts of our land. And here was their decision. A pardon is not a pardon except it be received as a pardon. That's what every word of God is. It's salvation to those who receive it that way. It's healing to those who receive it is healing. His brother's rejection of Joseph's forgiveness is what drives Joseph to tears. He cannot understand why they continue to reject him, his love for them, his grace towards them. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face, and they said, "Behold, we be thy servants rather than be prisoners or or executed for their evil deeds of the past. Joseph said unto them, "Fear not. Am am I in the place of God?" It's so much like us. Sometimes we so often hide behind, Lord, I'm not worthy. Another way of saying, "My sin is greater than your power to forgive. So I have to do something besides repenting to earn your favor." Joseph goes on, "But as for you, you thought evil against me, and that's what motivated your actions toward me. You're correct in knowing that I've not forgotten. How can I?" But you are wrong in believing I have not forgiven you of your sin against me. and as you have seen and experienced. But God meant it unto good. Paul perhaps thinking of Joseph's life would later write Romans 8:28. We know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose. God meant it for good to bring to pass as it is this day to save much people alive. Now therefore, fear ye not. I will nourish you and your little ones. Again, a model of the Christ, who would later say in Luke 12:32, "Fear not, little flock. It's your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." And Joseph comforted them and spake kindly unto them. And now the the final thread of this story. Moses summarizes the rest of Joseph's life, the final 53 years. And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he and his father's house. And Joseph lived 110 years. Took 12 chapters to cover 57 years. Now we take one verse to cover 53. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation, his great great grandchildren. The children also of Mahair, the son of Manasseh, were brought up up upon Joseph's knees as great grandchildren. And that doesn't mean that he raised them on his knees. It means he lifted them up upon his knees. Hey kid, oh, you're getting too big for my lap now. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die. God will surely visit you and bring you out of this land unto the land which he swore to Abraham to Isaac to our father Jacob. Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel saying God will surely visit you and ye shall carry up my bones from hence. So, Joseph died being 110 years old and they embombed him and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. Genesis opens, "In the beginning, God encloses in a coffin in Egypt." What a contrast. Genesis spends only the first two chapters describing creation and quickly getting to the first people. The next 48 chapters deal with people. This tells us something about God and the reason for his creation. Of the 48 chapters of Genesis that deal with people, 12 of them, fully one quarter, are about the life of one man, Joseph. Now, at the end of our story of Genesis, it's 1806 BC. Joseph has died, but his story isn't over. Notice, when Jacob died, Joseph was allowed to travel to Canaan and bury him. Pharaoh not only gave permission, but sent a high ranking delegation and an honor guard. But when Joseph dies, he extracts a promise from his people to carry his bones, not his body. but his body long dead, reduced to bones when they leave Egypt. Let's take a closer look. Why not just take his coffin to Canaan and bury him then as was done for Jacob? Let's take a closer look at that that one verse, that last 53 years of Joseph's life. Here we have a timeline of Joseph's life like we used in part four. And by now you all know to bring binoculars or opera glasses or or you have you know really superior vision there in the back so you can see all that. This time I've added Jacob's death age 147 1859 or 1860 BC and Joseph's death age 110 in 1806 BC. There's another important moment in time that we have not yet shown or discussed. First a review from Exodus. It relates Jacob's entry to Egypt with the Exodus, that time anchor of the Exodus. Exodus 12. Now the sojouring of the children of Israel who dwelt in Egypt was 430 years. And came to pass at the end of the 430 years, even the self-same day it came to pass that all the hosts of the Lord went out from the land of Egypt. So that was 18. That was 1446 BC of the Exodus. 1876 is when Jacob came. But there's another one we hadn't talked about. Genesis 15. The The Lord said to Abram, "Know of assurityity that thy descendants shall be a stranger and a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them, and they shall afflict them 400 years." 400 years, not 430. and also that nation whom they shall serve will I judge and afterward shall they come out with great substance. So this shows the approximate start time of the oppression 1846 BC. It's 30 years after Jacob arrived and 40 years before Joseph dies. And this this time of oppression, the beginning of it, it's not necessarily slavery and making bricks without straw. That's to pull the feathers out of the nest and get them out of there, but the beginning of restrictions on their freedoms. Here I've added the pharaohs that we saw before along with a time anchor that we had from uh establishing the year of Senorus threat 3 so we could synchronize all of these pharaohs. But let's add the rest of the pharaohs of Joseph's life. We see that Senus 3's son, Amenhat III, took the throne of a transformed Egypt about the time of Jacob's passing. This could also be part of the reason Joseph used intermediaries to seek permission to bury his father in Canaan. Royal succession is always a time of some uncertainty. You just look at the turmoil in our nation after a presidential succession. Many Egyptologists, people that study ancient Egypt, assert that Senus 3 spent some years in a co-regency with his son. He brought him up and they ruled jointly. And they say it could have lasted as long as 20 years. I don't know if it's true or not, but I suspect if it was true, it lasted more like 15 years, coinciding with the beginning of the 400year period of oppression. By the time Joseph dies, yet another pharaoh is in power. And Joseph has been in retirement for many years. The freedoms of the Hebrews living in Gan have been under some form of restriction for some 40 years. 1846 BC to 1806 BC. You notice periods of 40 years seem to pop up a lot. We're told this number 40 is associated with judgment. The word judgment is often used to mean punishment. It generally has a negative connotation. Well, let's in our mind, let's move forward 360 more years to 1446 BC. God has been working for 80 years preparing another special person, Moses. And Moses has to deal with another Pharaoh. This time instead of a prophet interpreting a pharaoh's dreams and working with the receptive Pharaoh to save Egypt, we have a prophet performing miracles to persuade a reluctant Pharaoh and in the process wreaking havoc on Egypt, fulfilling what we just read in Genesis 15:14. That nation whom they shall serve will I judge, and afterward shall they come out with great substance. Exodus 13. It came to pass when Pharaoh had let the people go that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near. For God said, "Perhaps the people will repent when they see war and they'll want to return to Egypt." No perhaps about it. But God led the people about through the way of the wilderness of the Red Sea, just like we saw in the route to bury Jacob, that map that I showed earlier. And the children of Israel went up harness carrying all their goods out of the land of Egypt. And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him, for he had straightly sworn the children of Israel, saying, "God will surely visit you, and you shall carry up my bones away hence with you." They took a really long route. It was 40 years before they entered the land of Canaan. Moses took them to the threshold. Joshua took them in. For several years after that, they fought the Canaanites, taking control of only a fairly small portion of the land promised to Abraham. But after some years, they stopped fighting. Joshua 24, we read. And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, buried they in Sheckchum, and a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of Hamore, the father of Sheckchham, for 100 pieces of silver, and it became the inheritance of the children of Joseph. Sheckcham is located in Nablus, a city in the West Bank, presently under control of the Palestinian Authority. Sadly, it's been severely damaged in the last 25 years. Jewish worshippers are generally prevented from entering. Usually, if any go in, it's between 11:00 p.m. and 3:00 a.m. They kind of sneak in because they are not welcome. Well, this is a physical memorial of Joseph. But what about a spiritual one? of all his accomplishments, his character, his integrity, saving his people, providing the place where the family could be turned into a nation. What stands out the most? Paul tells it. Paul tells us what it is from God's perspective. By faith, Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come. By faith, Jacob, when he was dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph, as we read, and worshiped, leaning upon the top of his staff. By faith, Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel, and gave commandment concerning his bones. From God's perspective, it was his faith in the promise that they would return. From our perspective, what are the Christlike attributes we see and most value? For me, the ones I most value are forgiveness and grace. There are so many lessons we can learn from the story of the life of Joseph. Here are some. And by the way, this list I'm going to read is on the reverse side of this evening's handout. the musicians would would please return. The Bible is not about coverups. It's about honesty and accuracy. It's about real people in real situations in real life. Not comic book superheroes, but people exactly like us. Our actions and our words have consequences. God chooses and uses broken people to show his will and love, his power and love and care. People like me, people like us. We are all affected by our heritage and our childhood. We see and imitate characteristics and behaviors of those who raised us. We need to live a good example. Don't play favorites with your children. Don't let hatred or jealousy into your life. If we love the Lord, all things good and bad, work together for our ultimate good. The bad, the difficult things can help build character. In all situations, good or bad, God's will is that we follow that which is good. Rejoice, pray, give thanks. Even when things seem insurmountable, the situation seems impossible. The Lord comforts us. Comfort is a promise. Rescue is a hope. We are being sent. Just as Joseph was sent, just as Jesus was sent, neither had an easy journey. We should not expect ours to be easy either. It's so easy for us to see our lives and the circumstances in which we find ourselves and lacking the larger picture to misunderstand others, even those closest to us. Be all God made you to be and don't allow yourself to limit him. Joseph had to confront the ones who tormented him and that he had to see what he himself was really made of. We see those who were his enemies, his brothers who hated him, receive grace at his hand. They didn't know who he was at the time, but he knew who they were. Joseph had to forgive what he could not forget and save those who tried to destroy him. Our motivation should always be based on love, not fear. To close this portion of the service and this series on the life of Joseph, I'm reminded of a song that that was true for him and it's true for us. The faithfulness of God, his love, and his grace. If we could stand and sing together the goodness of [Music] God. I love love love you. Your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. I love your voice. Love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest night, you are close like no other. Know you as a father. I know you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. [Music] Amen. Brother L was speaking. I was jotting down as fast as I could. The type between this man Joseph and this man that we call Christ. Brother Lyle said at the end, he said, "What are the what are the Christlike values in Joseph?" Listen to this. Joseph was the most beloved of the father just as Jesus was the most beloved. Joseph was betrayed by his brethren just as Jesus was betrayed by his brethren. Joseph was given a coat of many colors and Jesus was seen in the book of Revelation with a rainbow over his head. Joseph was sold for 20 pieces of silver and Jesus was sold for 30 pieces of silver. Joseph dreamed that his brothers would bow down before him. And Jesus, every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Joseph was falsely accused in Piper's house as Jesus was falsely accused. Two prisoners were in prison with Joseph, a baker and a butler. One was condemned and one was saved. Two thieves were hung on the cross with Jesus and one was condemned and one was saved. The king the king gave Joseph a gentile bride and Jesus took a gentile bride. Joseph ascended to the right hand of Pharaoh and Jesus ascended to the right hand of God. No one could see Pharaoh without coming to Joseph first. And Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life, and no man can come to the Father except by me." Joseph's brethren did not recognize him. I got to read a scripture in closing. [Music] Zechariah 12:10. Remember, Joseph's brethren did not recognize him until he made himself known. And I will pour out I will pour upon the house of David and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem the spirit of grace and of supplications. And they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn. And they cried. And Joseph wept when his brethrens came to him. And Joseph, this is my favorite part. And as he was comforting his brothers, Joseph told them all, he said, "No, God did it that he might preserve life." And Jesus Christ himself came to this earth that he might give us eternal life. Amen. Brother Lia, wonderful, wonderful job. Yeah, I loved it. That was so good. So, I I I uh I put a request in. We do David. Maybe another wonderful type of Jesus Christ. I was so blessed by this man, Joseph. I I knew the stories but wow the way brother Lyall put them together is just just absolutely inspired anointed and those type of studies don't come without a tremendous amount of work and study and prayer that our brother put in. So I appreciate I appreciate brother L. I appreciate what he did. I I do want to make an announcement this this Sunday. Um I want to have a meeting with the youth Sunday after service. It'll probably be about 12:15 or so. We'll come back in here into the uh the sanctuary and we'll get lunch. I'll get pizza or something for the kids after Sunday morning service. I want to talk to you all about uh some plans for the youth. And um I I just feel in my heart it's time to start moving forward w with our youth and our youth ministry. You feel good? It's a special day for me. This day my son Daniel was born, [Applause] you know. how much I love my son and how proud I am of him. You know, Sister Lonnie, how much you love your kids and how proud you are of them and and you want to see them prosper and and and you're just so so proud of them. I think our heavenly father looks down upon us. Wow. And I think our love even the love that we have a child for a child is nothing compared to the love that he has for each one of us. Another birthday boy, brother Jeremy, would you come up and close? It's his birthday, [Applause] too. I like March 12th. Good good buddy of mine. It's his birthday and my [Music] [Music] boy. Let's pray. Gracious heavenly father, we just thank you again for opening your word to us that we can [Music] see see history itself state so many things that are true. We just ask you, Father, to be with us the rest of the remainder of this week. Lord, thank you and bless everyone here that come. We just ask you to bless all the birthdays in March. Be with us, Lord, in your precious name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] It will be worth it all when we see Jesus. Life's trials will seem so small when we see Christ. One glimpse of his dear [Music] fame. All sorrow will rain. So bravely run the race till we see Christ. [Music] It will be worth it all. When we see [Music] Jesus, life's trials will seem so small. When we see [Music] Christ, one glimpse of his dear face, all sorrow willy rain so bravely run till we see [Music] to be [Music] land. this song. I I was I was actually I was it was in my study yesterday and I was just thanking the Lord and and I thought about how a lot of times we sing more modern songs and and sometimes it doesn't resonate with the um the older folks and then sometimes we sing the older songs and and sometimes those don't resonate with the uh the younger folks. folks. And I was thinking I was like, Lord, there's one song that I think resonates with everybody, and that's Bula Land. And then just after that, Brother Aaron sent out his list and it had closing with Bula Land. I asked Brother Lyall what the the word ba is. So he pulls up scripture and he looks bulering to a land where they are married and they're together. And I didn't know that. And that's why we're longing for that. Be with him forever. Amen. I'm kind of home. for a [Music] country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbye will there be smoke for time won't [Music] last anymore. Oh, build a [Music] land. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand. There my home shall be [Music] turned. Build the land. Sweet ma land. I'm looking out across that river to where my faith will end inside. Oh, there's just a [Music] few just a few more days to labor. And I will take my heavenly flower. [Music] Oh, beautiful [Music] lamb. I am longing for you. And someday on thee I'll send there my home shall be turned. [Music] You [Music] love sweet land. A chorus one more time. Oh lamb, I am longing for you. And someday on the [Music] sand there my home shall be eternal. [Music] the lamb. Sweet land. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] be holy and long and [Music] someday on the sand. There my home shall be eternal. [Music]
