################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-22 - Cut It Out and Cast It Away, Matthew 5:29-32: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-22
Title:   Cut It Out and Cast It Away, Matthew 5:29-32: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRdnwh4p74
========================================

be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. And magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. And magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Amen. It's so good to be in church this morning. Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed and we're going to sing My Chains Are Gone. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost but now [Music] was blind but now I see towards grace that taught my heart to fear in grace my fears Believe [Music] how precious did the grace of you. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. [Music] I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy raise unending love, [Music] amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my shield and for as long as life endures. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy raise unending love. Amazing. [Music] The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. But God who called me here will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransome me. And like a flood, his mercy raised unending love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a fl his mercy unending love. Amazing grace. Amen. If we could stand this morning [Music] and there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. to break every chain. to break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus [Music] to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. And there's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. [Music] I hear those chains falling. [Music] I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling down. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I hear those chains falling down. [Music] I hear those chains falling down. I hear those chains falling down. Cuz he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] And break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. [Music] To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. [Applause] [Music] So awesome. We serve a God that broke all our chain this morning. He's going to continue to break more. [Music] The brothers would come for the prayer requests and offerings. [Music] &gt;&gt; A thousand generations falling down in worship. They sing the song of ages to the lamb. [Music] And all who've gone before us. And all who will believe will sing the song of ages to the land. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. [Music] All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions, your name stands above them all. As the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy. You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever. And if you've been forgiven, and if you've been redeemed, will sing the song forever to the lamb. And if you walk in freedom, and if you bear his name, oh, sing the song forever to the lamb. [Music] And we'll sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. Oh, hear your people sing. Holy to the King of Kings. Holy. You will always be holy, holy forever. Your name [Music] and your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name it stands above them all. For all thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. Oh Jesus. In your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy. You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever. [Music] Hear your people sing. Holy to the King of Kings. Holy. You will always be holy. Holy forever. [Music] Amen. [Applause] the prayer request we had. Um, Sister Amelia, she said, "I had two falls during the the week, and though I was in pain for a while, I thank God I didn't break anything. Thank you, Lord." Amen. Amen. Then we have one from Brother Heath Rickards. It says, "Good morning. I am free. I have not smoked a cigarette in two weeks. Please keep praying for me." Amen. It says, "Glory to God, it's working." [Music] &gt;&gt; And it says, it says, "Please pray for the Christians in Nigeria." Amen. Then we have one, Sister Rachel Garris. He says, "Remember Nah and Steven this morning. They are not feeling well. Also, Brother Aaron is not feeling well this morning. Thank you for praying." Amen. We believe in prayer, saints. [Music] I know how that smoking is. And I'm That's awesome. Let's go. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you this morning, Lord, and Lord, we look back on our own lives and see, Lord, where you've won victories in our lives, Lord. Lord, where we've been delivered of things that held us bound, Lord, and we're just so grateful, Lord. We just want to take that next step in you, Lord. And every time we falter and every time we stumble, Lord, we just look to you for strength. Lord, ask you to help us when we're tempted, when we fall. Lord, just give us strength to stand back up and keep walking with you, Lord. We we pray for these requests, Lord. We thank you for the testimonies. And Lord, I know there's needs out here, Lord. And I pray you meet every need this morning. Be with this service, Lord. Be with the offering, Lord. And may we have a heart to listen to what you have to say to us this morning. Lord, speak to us and give us the grace to receive from you, Lord. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. [Music] We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to one another. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one another. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks, who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. So give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to one another and give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us know lift our souls to one another. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks, who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob and God, let this be a generation that seeks who seeks your face. Oh God, oh Jacob, so give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one another. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? [Applause] &gt;&gt; If we could stand this morning. And I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The preach was far too wild. And from the far side of the darkness, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divine. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. There at the cross, you paid the debt out, broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time, I had hope. So, thank you, Jesus, for the blood of thank you Jesus. It has washed me wine. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And you you took my place, laid inside my tomb. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no sting. And life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. So thank you Jesus for the blood of life and thank you Jesus it has washed me white and thank you Jesus you have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into Glorious Lord. And there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. [Music] The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through the blood. The blood. Oh, and there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our fathers through the blood. The blood. And thank you Jesus for the blood of thank you Jesus. It has washed me right. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. [Music] seeking you as a precious tool. Lord, to give up, I'd be a fool. You are my all in all. Jesus, Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your name in Jesus, lamb of God and worthy is your name. [Music] And taking my sin, my cross, my shame, rising again, I bless your name. You are my all in all. Oh, when I fall down, you pick me up. When I am trying, fill my cup. You are my all in all. Oh Jesus. And Jesus, lamb of God, worthy your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy [Music] is your name, &gt;&gt; Lord God Almighty. You are worthy. We thank you for another opportunity to come together, &gt;&gt; Father, to read your word, &gt;&gt; to worship and Lord, to give you thanks for your many, many blessings to us. Lord, words can't express how thankful we are now. Lord, we humbly ask that you would join us in this service. Lord, I believe you're already here. Pray that you'd stay with us. bless this service, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's open our Bibles before we're seated. If you guys continue to play with me, Matthew chapter 5, I'll start with verse 27. Back on the sermon on the mount. [Music] Matthew 5 27 I'll read through 32. You have heard that it was said by them of old time, thou shalt not commit adultery. But I say unto you, who that whosoever lookth upon a woman, to lust after her, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. And if thy right hand offend thee, that word offend is old English. That word, that word means causes you to sin. And if thy right hand causes you to sin, pluck it out. That right eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish. and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. And it has been said, whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement. But I say unto you, that whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causes her to commit adultery. And whosoever shall marry her that is divorced commits adultery. God bless you. You can be seated. Thank you. I don't see I don't see any visitors and I don't have any notes for visitors. But friends, it feels good to have the church full. &gt;&gt; It feels good. I know that we're even missing people, but boy, it feels good to have so many people in the audience, loved ones. Doesn't it feel good, brother Lionel, just to come to a place that you feel at home? It's like this is your family. These people love me. That's how all of us can come into this place and know that this is a place of refuge. It's a place that we can pray for each other, that we can get encouraged, that we can learn from each other's faults, we can learn from each other's successes. And uh there's someone that's been with us for a while now that's going to be leaving us. and she's been a blessing. She's rarely misses a service, but she's moving. Sister Sharon Sorenson, God bless. She's going to be moving. Where are you moving to? &gt;&gt; Missouri. &gt;&gt; Missouri. We're going to miss you. God bless you. Give Sister Sharon a hand. I know most of us. We love you and we hope that you have received something from this congregation that you can take and be a blessing to other people as you go. So, Sister Sharon, may God guide your path, may God bless you and may the Holy Spirit, the same Holy Spirit that is with you here, may that Holy Spirit go before you and may it spread from you to others. And I pray that you find a good church there that that'll love you as much as this church loves you and that will help you and that you'll be happy that that you'll I know you'll be in God's will. Sister Sharon, God bless you. She has one more week with us and I think she's Sister Sharon doesn't miss. I think she's going to have to miss half a service next Sunday, right? Because you got you got to get out. &gt;&gt; See my landlord. &gt;&gt; You got to go see your landlord. All right, God bless you. Um, you know, this church, it does means a lot. And you're going to see as I get through this service, you're going to see that going to church is very, very important. Fellowshipping with each other is very, very important. And, and praying for one another is what's God's way. He wants us to do it. Brother Manny sent me a a picture of his niece that we've been praying for. And many of you, a few of you have contacted me and said, "Hey, what about this this little girl that was attacked by the pitbull that was mauled and had all all of the stitches?" And I know that it's been on some of your hearts to pray for this young lady. Brother Manny sent me a picture earlier today and she's doing really, really good. Healing quickly. &gt;&gt; Little Anastasia. Our prayers are important, friends. It's important that we stand together. It's what Jesus wants us to do. &gt;&gt; He likes us to grab each other arm in arm and bring all of our weaknesses and bring all of our strengths and together we form this body of Christ. And boy, I am so thankful that I get to be part of this. He It's just good, man. It's good to be associated with each each person. It's I just I just feel so good. I know that we all have weaknesses as I do, but we also all have strengths and we all have gifts. And when we come into church together, we are collectively bringing those strengths into church with us. It makes us stronger. This Matthew chapter 5, we're continuing on with the sermon on the mount. Jesus, now when the sermon on the mount starts, Jesus, he really, he gathers his disciples together. There's a lot of people there, but Jesus really is speaking to his disciples in this. And the way of having church back then is the minister, he sat down and then everybody else stood around him. You don't want to do that. I'm just kidding. I would like that. But that's that's the way that they did it back then. And that's where Jesus, he sat down and and the other were others were standing and he preached this sermon on the mount. It was his first public recorded sermon. He had already been preaching healing the sick and he had already been preaching repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. But this is the first one that we have recorded is this sermon on the mount. It was preached on the shores of the Sea of Galilee, probably on the north side, a beautiful grassy area there where where people could gather around and enjoy it. Matthew 5 27 says this says Jesus is continuing on the sermon. He says, "You have heard that it was said of them of old time, thou shalt not commit adultery." And when he says that you have heard, he's referring to doctrines that come from the law, that come from the Old Testament. So when he says you have heard, he's he's addressing doctrines that are in the church that come from the scriptures. But I say unto you that whosoever lookth on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart. We went over this last week that Jesus works on the heart of a person. He doesn't want, the Old Testament, it really the law and legalism brings sin. It allows force sin because what it does is if this is the cliff right here of adultery, the Old Testament allowed you to walk right up to that cliff and as long as you didn't commit the act, you were not sinning. Well, Jesus says that is not good enough. He wanted to work on the very inside of the person so that you don't even get close and the stakes are are very very high. Now, Jesus is going to go further when he says that he says that if you look on a woman and and luster after her, really, you've already committed adultery. You've already done it because you want to do it because you've allowed yourself to go that far. And notice the progression of the sermon. Jesus starts with the biatitudes where he tells us how to become a real believer and and how you really have to see that you're nothing. And that's how it all starts. That's the foundation of becoming a Christian is you have to see that you can't do this yourself. &gt;&gt; Blessed are the poor in spirit. And then he goes on and and blessed are they that mourn when you regret your sins. And he goes all the way to, hey, you are the light of the earth, the light of the world. You are the salt of the earth. You are a city placed on a hill so you can be a blessing to others. And he continues on and then he gets to this next part that I am about to read. And it his words. Jesus is not intending his words on these next couple of verses to be taken literally, but he is intending them to be shocking to wake you up and to show you the importance of what he says. Now, Jesus's whole life is about salvation. He wants us to he wants to bring us to heaven with him. He doesn't want to lose us. He wants to spend an eternity with us. So he is he became that sacrificial lamb that would cleanse our sins from us as as it was lined out in the Old Testament when when someone would make an offering for their sins. Jesus came and he was that perfect offering because he was what is called a kinsman redeemer. A lamb can't die for a human being but a human can die for a human. you know, blood for blood, skin for skin. So Jesus came and was that offering, was that salvation, but he also preached, he also preached a message. And in that message, he did everything he could to preach against sin. And he talked about something that isn't talking isn't being talked about by very many really churches like it should. You know, we hear about how much power that you should have or how great that you are or we hear about the bride and we hear about heaven and we hear about just just great things in these encouraging sermons and they're great. They're good to hear. But Jesus actually preached about hell more than he did heaven. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And he talks about this place called hell. And when we learn about the sermon on the mount, most ministers, mainstream ministers, they're going to talk about, well, here is what Jesus meant. His he he talked about how that you you don't allow the enemy in and you should work on the heart. And he did talk about that, but he also talked about hell. And it's a very real thing. Jesus's ministry is not all butterflies and daisies. &gt;&gt; It's corrective. &gt;&gt; And Jesus was doing, like I said, his whole life was keeping us out of hell and bringing us to heaven. And he was the sacrificial lamb. He died for our sins. But he also preached to us saying, "Don't get close. Stay away from sin because it will lead you to hell. &gt;&gt; We can't forget that. &gt;&gt; If Jesus preached it, if the Bible says it, it's true. And we don't just skim over &gt;&gt; hell because it is there. Now, watch how serious Jesus is about telling us not to sin. Verse number 29 says this. And if thy right hand offend thee, again that doesn't mean offend like your own hand. I saw this video that this dog and it was sitting on this couch and it saw its own tail wagging and it and it bites its tail and then it starts freaking out and biting itself. That's that's not what the scripture is talking about here. Your own hand or your own eye doesn't offend you. It causes you to sin is what Jesus is saying. And if thy right hand offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. English Standard Version very to the point translation says so if your eye even your good eye almost all the translations say that if your eye even your good eye causes you to lust gouge it out and throw it away it is better for you to lose one part of your body then your whole body be thrown into hell hell's part of this that's how ser serious Jesus is about sin. He's not telling us to literally cut our eye out in this. He's saying, and he's not just saying to cut out your right eye. So, you can't cover your right eye and look at pornography with your left eye. That's that's not what he's saying. He's using the right eye for a purpose. Let me read to you something. This comes from web WebMD a medical website says this. What is the dominant eye? The dominant eye is the eye your brain favors. Just like you rely on one hand more than the other, your brain relies on one eye more than the other. When you look at something, your brain gets visual information from that eye. while it suppresses visual information from your other eye. Most people have a dominant eye that corresponds to their dominant hand. So, right eye dominance. How many people here are left-handed? One, two. It's about 10%. Is left-handed. Right eye dominance means that your brain relies more heavily on your right eye to process visual input because most people are right-handed. The right eye dominance is more common than the other types. Okay. So the right hand, the right eye is going to be the theme for the next few verses of of this of this sermon. And it's also all throughout Jesus's ministry when he talks about the right hand, the right side, the right eye. So around 90% of the world is right-handed. Most of the people that we know are right-handed. So Jesus says that he's generally speaking and he's saying that these are the more dominant influences in your life. Okay? So when he's talking about your right eye, it's the more dominant force in your life. When he's talking about your right hand, it's your your right arm. It's it's stronger. It's more dominant. And Jesus is saying that you have to overcome that that dominating force that's in your life, you have to overcome it. And he's not saying that you just, you know, you you take a spoon and pop your eyeball out and and and throw it away. That's not that's not that's that's not what he's saying. And he's he's not saying that that you cut out your tongue if you have a problem with gossiping because what would happen is you would get on social media and you'd continue on. If you pop out your right eye and you have a tr trouble with lust, you'll just look through the left eye. That's not what he's saying. If you poke them both out, you're gonna still find some way to sin. And he's he's attacking the sin. He's attacking the problem at the very source. And he's saying that you need to cut it out. Whatever that sin is, whatever is causing you to sin, cut it out of your life. 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse 13. You might say, "Well, I can't do it. This this problem that I have is so strong, is is so dominant with me. I just can't overcome it." 1 Corinthians chapter 10:13, I'll read the New King James version. It says this, "No temptation has overtaken you except such as is common to man." So, you're struggling with something. You're not the only one that's ever struggled with this. There are other people that are struggling. And sometimes the Lord will allow us to struggle with something. Sometimes the Lord will allow us to fail. So then we can take our failures and we can be a strength to someone else. And we can say, you know, brother, I was there. Here's here's how I did it. Here's how I overcame it. And here's how bad I I got. Brother Michael when when he when he prayed he said that cigarette spirit's a hard spirit or or some something to that effect and many of you know who have overcome addiction to nicotine. It's rough but you can say I did it. I overcame it. Here's how I do it. I I did it. Now I have a burden for you and I can pray for you. No temptation has overtaken you except such as is common to man. But God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able. You can overcome. He's not going to allow a temptation to come upon you that you cannot overcome. I don't care what anybody says, you can overcome it. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. Fight, fight, fight, fight. Keep going, keep working and then you'll eventually overcome. And listen to this next next um sentence. He says, "But with the temptation will also but with the temptation that he will also make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it." So we get to the point I can't overcome it. I'm struggling Lord. I'm doing everything that I can. I just I can't do it myself and and but the Bible says that I can't overcome it. So I'm going to work and I'm going to work and I'm going to work and then all of a sudden God will step in and make a way of escape for you. the scriptures according to the apostle Paul. So if Paul is saying that if the dominant force in your life whatever that dominant force is that is in your life that it is possible to overcome it and then God makes a way of escaping that and I always say it's not what you don't do for God that matters. Cutting these things out are not they're not a necessity necessarily to see to serve God, but these things according to Jesus can lead you to hell. So, we're serving God, but then we have a weakness here. And and Jesus is saying, "Hey, if you don't overcome that weakness, you have a chance of going to hell. It's very real. And I want this church." And then God says, or Paul says that God God will provide a way of escape. And I want this church to be a way of escape for strength for the others for for to help other people. If you have a problem, come in here. We'll help you. The Lord Jesus will pray for you. We will pray for you. The Lord Jesus will help you. This can be a way of escape. You personally can be a way of escape for someone else. &gt;&gt; All of this working together and we have plenty of problems. Friends, we have plenty of problems in this church. But let this church be a place of correction where you can receive correction and a place where you can overcome. &gt;&gt; Back to ma back to Matthew 5 29. And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. If thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee. For for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. We are born with weakness to sin. All of us notice how some people will steal, some people will gossip, some people will constantly struggle with saying negative things, some people lust, some struggle with homosexuality, some people lie, some can't control their tempers. You know, some struggle with drug abuse and substance abuse. Some people struggle really with religious extremism where they constantly have to have that supply. They constantly have to have new prophecy and and and and some sort of spiritual thing and then when it doesn't happen or or the prophet is the prophetic gift that they think is there is proven wrong, then they just go to the next one. It's a weakness. Jesus warned us many times of false prophets that would arise. Why would he say that? It's because many people have a weakness for that. Some people struggle with depression, struggle with with they they get down and they just can't get up. And and the enemy, he's going to hit you wherever your weakness is and he knows it. There's a in all of our armor. There's a hole and he can take that knife and he can jab it in that hole and we're supposed to cover that spot. And Jesus is saying if that spot that you have, he said cut it off. He says if you have a weakness for depression, whatever it might be, overcome it. Because what happens if you succumb to that? If you give in to that, then who suffers? You suffer. Your spouse suffers. Your children suffer. Your parents suffer. Your church suffers. Everyone suffers when one person is sinning. Whether it be depression or whether it be substance abuse, lust, or whatever it is, it's not just you that suffers. It's everyone. And Jesus is saying, "Cut that out." And I named a lot of a lot of problems. You might say that, "Well, I don't have any of those problems." Self-righteousness is another one. &gt;&gt; It's another one that we suffer with that people suffer with. That's the one that Jesus had the most trouble with to tell you the truth. So all of us are there and he said cast it away. So if there's something whatever that dominating force is I said if you're right-handed he says if your right hand is is causing you to sin cut it off. If if your right eye he said pluck it out. And then he said this. He says, "And cast it away. Get rid of it." So, you know, again, he's not saying that pop out your eye, you know, and throw throw it away. Guy following you is like, "Oh, dude, you dropped your eyeball. Pick it up." No, throw it all away. Get rid of it all. Jesus. That's why I said we we see that that he's he says cut off your hand or or pluck out your eye or whatever. That's how important it is. He's very serious. Get rid of it. But he says throw it away. Don't even let it come back into your mind. If you struggle with a sin, whatever that sin may be, you may have overcome it. But don't let it stay in your mind. Don't let that weakness abide there. Don't still desire that. Don't let it sit in your mind. Get rid of it. Ecclesiastes 7 says, "Do not say, why were the old days better than these? For it is not wise to ask such questions. Don't look back on your past fondly when you have made mistakes and still desire that and and you may still be able to overcome it but that sin is still there. If you're looking back and a friend of mine, close friend that I I grew up with, his dad was always talking about, I mean, a believer, family, always talking about how he used to party when he was young. Man, he could he could drink and he used to go to the bars and get in get in fights and boy, I was rough. And he was constantly telling his kids how rough he was. and he said it in a way that glorified it even though he wasn't doing that anymore. And of course, what was the first thing that the kids did? They got they got mixed up. They started as soon as they could get a hold of a beer. I'm going to be like, "Dad, and they started drinking and and uh two of the three boys became alcoholics. Rough. One of them one of them died from it." And these are friends that I grew up with. And I saw that the dad was constantly he was constantly saying how rough he was and how bad he was. And yes, the Lord got a hold of me, but he still lifted up those those past sins. Jesus is saying those past sins, get rid of them, bury them, cast them away from you. Don't go back to them. Let them die. And Ecclesiastes is saying, hey, don't say, "Oh, that was the good old days." No, these are the good days. &gt;&gt; This is when you're serving the Lord. This is when the Lord has given you joy. It's not your past sins. Now is the good time. Now is the best time. And if you're looking in the past and saying, "Well, I used to be better." Then there's something wrong with the present. &gt;&gt; You need to get better now. &gt;&gt; And you need to have that joy. These are the best days right now. Not yesterday, not 1950, not 2,000 years ago. Now, &gt;&gt; we live in the here and now. &gt;&gt; He's telling throw this stuff away and not reminiscing about your previous weaknesses and and the way that you used to struggle and get rid of it. Pluck it out. Cut it off. And you can't, as I said, it's not what you don't do for God that matters. Don't cut off your hand. It's like, okay, the hand's gone. Well, I'm send with this one. You know, it's like, oh, hey, Dan, you're missing both hands. It's like, yeah, I I send with this one, too. And then the next one, okay, well, I'm missing this part and that part. No eyes. No, you you can't you can't just keep cutting everything off. You cut the sin off. People say that they struggle with the phone. You can get rid of the phone and that's good. Nothing wrong with that. But get to the root of it. You're just going to get it back. It's just going to come back. Get to the root of what you're struggling with. And if you have to get rid of the phone for a while to to get to that point, then go ahead. But it's not cutting off the phone. It's working on the heart. That's where the sin is coming from. It's coming from the out and it's just manifesting itself in the phone or it's just manifesting itself in the temper or it's just manifesting the cell itself in the lust. That's just the manifestation. Jesus again, he's saying get rid of it. Get rid of the source of this. Get rid of what is influencing you. The right hand, the dominant force in your life. Get rid of it. and then you can move forward. One thing I I love about um going through verse by f verse in the scriptures the way that I teach. I I I'll take a chapter or I'll take a book and then we'll go through it. But one thing that makes it a little difficult is that you're going through verse by verse and you're commenting and you're expounding on these things and then you get to something that is very very difficult. You can't hopcotch over it. You got to address it. And that's how this next verse that Jesus is talking about is most a lot of ministers, a lot of churches, they just kind of set it aside. But it's something that needs to be addressed. And it's not something that you can just give a black and white answer to. And everybody wants a black and white answer. You can't give a black and white answer to the subject of divorce. It is something that's in our society and has been really for the beginning of time. God created man and woman and he wanted them to be together and he wanted them to be monogamous. And we know that the writings of Moses in the Old Testament that he made he wrote an actual writing of being able to divorce. Let's read it. When we get to when we get to divorce, you always hear, "Well, irreconcilable differences." And then they they you know, the divorce. If you are married or plan on getting married, you will have irreconcilable differences. &gt;&gt; Can I get a witness? You will. There are things in your marriage that you will never come to perfect agreement on. It's just part of being married. But you that's not grounds for divorce. &gt;&gt; There are very very few. Jesus gives really only one grounds for divorce when he says this. Irreconcilable differences are not those. Religion is not one of those. You cannot agree on how you worship. You cannot agree on where you fellowship. But it is not grounds for divorce, constant bickering. It's not there. You got to get over it. Money problems. You got to get over it. &gt;&gt; Now, there may be reason for separation if there's some sort of danger maybe in the household or something like that and and I understand that, but you have to be careful in taking that past to the divorce. If you've already maybe and there's lots of I know there's a lot of people here that have already made that mistake of being married and divorced and remarried and if you have already made that mistake the best advice and I think is what Jesus is saying is take what you the mistakes that you've made and now turn them into a blessing to someone else. Help someone else. You've made the mistake. You're in the place that you are now. Make the most of it. All of us have sinned. All of us have done things that we regret. Now, where you at right now, start right now. As I said, this is the best time right now. You can look in the past and and you can see all of your failures, but you are where you are. You are where you are at now. Brother Brandham said it beautifully. He said this, speaking of people that had been divorced and remarried, he said, "If you're happy with her, live with her. Raise your children in an admonition of God. But God be merciful to you if you ever do that thing again." You teach your children to never do a thing like that. Bring them up in the admonition of God. And it's the same spirit that Jesus taught taught. He said, listen, when he's talking about marriage in in Matthew chapter 19, I don't think that we'll get there, but in Matthew chapter 19, he talked about these requirements for marriage and for divorce. And then the disciples like, well, none of us should get married. No. No. But it is very I mean yes you should get married but it is very serious approaching marriage and you young people it should be the most serious thing that you ever do in your life is approach that marriage ceremony. Jesus said your names are of hell. You got to be careful. Marriage should be approached with the utmost caution. You should be 100% sure. And love between two people is not the only thing that matters. All right? I don't care how much you love her. I don't care how much you love him. Love is an emotion that you feel. But there is a deeper thing in your life than just how much you love that person right now. That love could fade. But if you find the right one that God has ordained for you, it will never fade. You will always be able to reconcile. You'll always be able to get past those things. But I see so many people, oh, we finish each other's sentences. We're so great. Yeah, I understand. But just wait. Make sure. And we we want to be together all the time. I understand. But make sure we see things exactly the same on everything. That happens all of us when I don't think there's probably been except a gold digger maybe. I don't think there's ever been someone who has approached marriage with the idea that it was going to fail or with the want of it failing. We all have approached marriage, whether it's successful or unsuccessful, with the idea that this is going to work. I'm going to spend the rest of my life with this person. So remember as you're approaching this great decision that don't let it be about emotion. Don't let it just be about love. But approach this reverently and prayerfully because you run a great risk. I know people that I grew up with very very close to me that their parents Now here's where legalism fails. their parents. One of them was divorced when they were younger and their parents were living together. Didn't tell anybody anybody out of holy wedlock for decades and not making that decision to get married because one of them was divorced. Now these are people these are very very close to me that I grew up with. They lived out their lives and the parents died and they were never married. They had a bunch of children. They had they they had a whole family but they were never living in holy wedlock. Do you see where where illegalism is failure? No. You are living together. Get married or live single. But don't be in that no man's land. That's not the place to be. make that decision and then go with it and stay with it. These are I know these things are not they're hard things to say but it just so happens that that's the next scripture. So we are going through mar we're going through divorce like I said that you can have irreconcilable differences we all do. It's you got you got to get through it and the best way to get through it is to be a Christian. And that's the best way to get through everything. Let me read some stats stats on marriage. Listen to this. The divorce rate for first marriages is 41% in the United States. Right? I thought I actually thought it was going to be a little bit higher. Divorce rate for first marriages is 41%. Second marriages is 63%. So no, the grass isn't greener on the other side. It's not going to the second one. Oh, I'm going to get it right this time. No, you usually won't. 63% on second marriages, over 70% failure on third marriages in the United States. Obviously, you're better off making that first marriage work. Divorce rates among Protestant Christians, listen to this, 51%. National average, 41%. Divorce rate among Protestant Christians is 51%. Why? That doesn't make sense, does it? It does make sense. Protestant Christians when they do when they did the poll, they are saying, "Oh, I am a Christian." But they are not practicing Christians. They are just identifying as a Christian, but they are not actually being a Christian. They're not attending a church. They're not reading their Bible with their family. They are just just claiming to be a Christian. You are better off not to claim Christianity and get married than if you claim Christianity and get married. The the atheist has a better success rate than the ones that just claim it and don't practice it. &gt;&gt; Very interesting. A practicing evangelical Christian divorce rate is about 28%. 41% national average. practicing evangelical Christians about 28% these are non-denominational Christians. This is the biggest non-atholic group in the United States. This is like the uh the everything from what we would be considered that all the way up to the big mega churches. Practicing Catholics 28% with uh evangelical Christians practicing Catholics 19%. Going down. That's that's half less than half of the national average. It's because Catholics actively teach that divorce is wrong. A lot of evangelical churches, a lot of mainstream Christian churches don't teach that. Catholics do teach that and they're part they're actively part of that church. They're practicing. Mormons and Jehovah Witnesses 9%. Again, it's because that those churches teach divorce is wrong. If you grew up in that church, Mormon or Jehovah Witness or Catholic or whatever it was, it was the the minister taught you that it was wrong to divorce and that you should take this marriage vow seriously. That's why I am saying it. Take these vows seriously. Being part of a church helps your marriage. helps your marriage tremendously because now it's not just you. You've got a whole community here that is behind you and supporting you and trying to help you and and not only would it hurt would it hurt just the couple if they get divorced but now you this spreads like I said that a sin will spread divorce spreads now the parents have to take care of the grandkids when the when the husband and wife split up it puts a burden on them the kids imagine the kids and how they feel when mom and dad aren't talking and fighting all the time And there's new people introduced in this situation. It is an awful, awful thing. You say, you might say, "Well, pastor, you're just trying to get people to go to church." I am because it helps. It's good for you. It's good for you to get up on Sunday morning and make the effort to come to church. It will help you. and Sunday night and Wednesday night. It helps &gt;&gt; a practicing Christian, their marriage is better because the husband and the wife are together. And there may be times when you have a believing husband and unbelieving wife or or the other way around. And the Apostle Paul said, "No, don't don't split up if you have that." Because you can lead that spouse to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because of your Christian way, because of the way that you act, you can be an influence on that husband or that wife's life and lead them to God. Now we need to understand the environment that Jesus is teaching in when he says this. Uh you know Jesus's words they they are eternally they they're just they're perfect. And Jesus is talking about when he says that um it has been said here's where it's said. New King James Version, Deuteronomy 24:1, if you could put it up there. Deuter Deuteronomy 24:1 says this, "When a man takes a wife and marries her and happens that she finds no favor in his eyes because he has found some uncleanness or indecency in her and writes her a certificate of divorce, puts it in her hand, and sends her out of his house when she has departed from his house and goes and becomes another man's wife. If the la if the latter husband detests her and writes her a certificate of divorce, puts it in her hand and sends her out of the house. Or if the latter husband dies, who took her as a wife, then the former husband who divorced her must not take her back because take her back to be his wife after she has been defiled. For that is an abomination before the Lord. and you shall not bring sin on the land which the Lord your God has given you as an inheritance. There's a whole lot in that writing from Moses. Jeremiah quoted that writing. Isaiah quoted that writing and even the the scribes and the Pharisees are going to quote this to Jesus later on in Matthew chapter 19. So Moses covers a whole lot. He says you if you he says that you can divorce your wife because of this this and this and this. And really what Moses was describing back then was just a normal modern day divorce. And Jesus is like no. No, you don't do that. Jesus remember how he raised the bar with adultery, how he raised the bar with murder. Now he's raising the bar with divorce. Now there were two schools of thought in that day and like religion in general they had taken what Moses's Moses wrote and they had interpreted and reinterpreted and preached on this way and preached on that way and justified doing what they were doing and and and all of this morphed into when Jesus was at was there I don't know was it was a thousand years later or whatever it was from Moses to Jesus. Jesus was there and there were two main schools of thought at that day and there were these two main rabbis. One was very liberal and one was very conservative. This man Hel had the liberal liberal interpretation and he said basically a man could divorce his wife for any reason. Back then the women the society of that day the women didn't have rights. It's obviously changed now, but back then the only person that had the rights and the ability to do it was the man. So this man hel that he said he said that you could divorce your wife for any reason and even said that if she burned your dinner you could divorce her very very it's like whatever you want if you don't like her you can divorce her. And then there was this the other school of thought with this was this man named Shamai and he was encou he was conservative interpretation that divorce was only permissible in cases of sexual immorality. Maybe she didn't disclose that she wasn't a virgin before they got married or that there were sexual improprieties during the marriage. So you have two ve liberal school of thought and one very one conservative school of thought. And uh remember when Jesus is talking about divorce, and this is very important. He may say it's permissible, but he doesn't say it's encouraged. So maybe that someone could find a rule why they could divorce their wife, but it's still it doesn't mean that you should. All right? And Jesus is is saying here and I'm running out of time. Let's let's let's go back to ma Matthew chapter 30 chapter 5 and verse 31 and we'll close with this. It has been said that whosoever shall put away his wife and you know what I'll do I'll continue it tonight. How's that because I I I skipped over a lot of stuff and I want to stay on our time. Matthew chapter 5:31 says this and Jesus is continuing on the sermon on the mount. It has been said that whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement. But I say unto you, that whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causes her to commit adultery, and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced commits adultery. So Jesus is saying, no, that this this liberal way of thinking that is not right. Jesus is saying, don't divorce. Basically, don't do it. And I'll tell you, God hates divorce. As I said earlier, that it causes problems in the family. It causes problems all kinds of of everywhere. And when we divorce a husband or a wife, then it opens the door. And Jesus is trying to get down and saying don't do it. Don't divorce. Marriage is and the worship team can come. Marriage is one of the greatest gifts in life to us. God married the first two people. He married Adam and Eve and he saw that life was was good with a spouse. And if you've made mistakes, then the blood of Jesus Christ can cleanse those mistakes. But you have to know the consequences of when you serve yourself, of when you sin. And whether that sin is lying or stealing or cheating or looking at something that you shouldn't look at, Jesus is saying it is important enough that you would cut off that that limb than to take that sin with you because that sin could lead you to hell. And he he talks about lust and he talks about many of hating someone. And now he gets to all the way into our personal lives with our wives and he says, "Do not do not let the enemy come in and say it's okay just to move on to the next one." He says, "Don't do it." He says, "You're you're in danger of hell. You're in danger of committing adultery." And as I said, there's many people that have made that mistake. But Jesus is for the here and now. Right now is what matters. And all you you young people and thinking about a husband and thinking about a wife, take it very very very seriously because you can make a really bad decision or you can make a great decision. I made a good one by the grace of God. My wife uh Stephanie's back with my daughter uh right now with her baby shower. But it's a blessing when you get married and when you marry the right one, but it's a curse if you marry the wrong one. Amen. Daniel, if you could I think uh we are going to baptize today. So, do we have how many? I I don't see one of them that was going to get baptized. We still have one. Anybody else want to be baptized? Here we have at least one Daniel. &gt;&gt; Christ alone my hope is found. [Music] He is my light, my strength, my song. This corner stone, this solid ground [Music] firmed through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace. When fears are still, when striving sees, my comfort, my all in all. Spirit, the love of Christ I stand. in Christ alone who took on flesh fullness of God in helless [Music] this gift of love and righteousness scorned by the ones he came to save till on that cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was sisfied for every sin on him was paid. Here in the death of Christ I live. [Music] Amen. Tonight I'll continue on with this subject. I started to rush through and something said, "Hey, you're going too fast. Slow down, back up, and then just take it take it up again tonight." So, I'll I'll continue on with the subject tonight on divorce. And uh brother, young brother, if you want to go back and and brother Joe, if you want to go with him or sister, you're welcome to go too. Whoever wants to go back, go back and we'll baptize. Friends, this baptism, it is something that is all all important when you take on this name. I talked about marriage and I talked about divorce. When you go to baptism, it is like a marriage that you are going into that water and you are saying I commit my life to this bridegroom, to this man, Jesus Christ. I am committing my life to him. And if I go against him in the future, I don't want to be found committing adultery. I want to give my life to the Lord Jesus. I want to I want to dedicate my life to him. He is my bridegroom and I am his bride. And that's taking on that name even. That's why the the woman generally takes on the name of the man. We are taking on the name of Jesus Christ being Christians. And that's how important baptism is. It is. It's like a marriage except it's even more important than that. God bless you friends. There in the ground his body laid the light of the world by darkness slain. Then bursting forth in glorious day [Music] up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, since curse has lost its grip on me, for I am his and he is mine. by with the precious blood of Christ. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. B with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life. No fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From last cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever block me from his hands till he returns or calls me home. Here in the power of Christ I stand. No guilt in life, no guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell. No sche [Music] never close me from his hands till he returns. Oh, call me home here in the power of Christ. [Music] When peace like a river [Music] attendeth my way. When sorrows like seas pillows roll [Music] whatever my love thou has taught me to Say, "It is well." It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well [Music] with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan [Music] should buff, though trials should come, let this blessings [Music] control that Christ has regarded my helpless [Music] estate and has shed his own blood for my soul. Bless you. Many here know brother Joe Hoginson, his wife and old friends to the church here. And now this young man, Matthew, he told me when I asked him on Wednesday, I said, "Why do you want to be baptized?" He said, "I want to give my heart to the Lord Jesus." He's 11 years old. Brother Joe was just talking with him over here outside the baptismal. He said that they read Acts 2:38 again this morning and they went over it and they prayed together and the young man is steadfast &gt;&gt; in his decision. Do you have anything that you want to say, Matthew? &gt;&gt; It is. This is like a marriage. This is something that you get baptized and you say, "Lord, I am committing myself to you." You can renew your vows, but this point right here is the time that you say, "I am a Christian. I am devoted to the Lord Jesus, and I take on his name in baptism." Amen. Matthew, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Praise God. We've baptized almost 90 people &gt;&gt; in the Tucson Tabernacle just just over the past couple years and want to keep them coming. Young Matthew, he said he's 11 years old and giving his heart to the Lord at that age. And then most of the people we've baptized have been adults by the grace of God. people coming and saying I want to serve God. I want to take on that name of Jesus Christ. That's why we baptize in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It's because we are taking on his name in baptism. God bless you, brother Dan. Daniel, I'll come down and close. How I breathe the air of heaven. Where pain is gone and mercy fills the streets. To look upon the one who bled to save me, to walk with him through all eternity. For there will be a day when all will bow before him. There will be a day when death will be no more. Standing face to face with you who died and rose again. Holy, holy is the Lord and every prayer we pray to desperation. [Music] The songs of faith we sing through doubt and fear. [Music] And in the end, we'll see that it was worth it when he returns to wipe away tears. Oh, there will be a day when all will bow before him. There will be a day when death will be no more standing face to face with he who died and rose again. Holy, holy is the Lord. And on that day, we join the resurrection and stand beside the heroes of the faith. And with one voice a thousand generations worthy is the lamb who was slain. And on that day we join the resurrection and stand beside the heroes of the faith. And with one voice a thousand generations worthy is the lamb who was slain forever. He will reign. So let it be today. We shout the hymn of heaven. With angels and the saints we raise a mighty roar and glory to our God who gave us life beyond the grave. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints &gt;&gt; and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Amen. Friends, had an experience. I was in the pull pit that I haven't had yet as a pastor. And as I was ministering, I had had my notes and I had my scriptures lined out. And I could see the look on the congregation's faces as I started talking about this subject of divorce because it's affected so many people. And there were I could feel there were thoughts of um genuine thoughts of of have I made have I made a a horrible mistake and am I going to continue to suffer with it? There were thoughts of what's he going to say? Is he going to say it in the way that that I believe it in the way that's right? There was there was the criticals, there was the afraid and everyone it was amazing to me that everyone had an opinion and everyone this subject of divorce, it affects so many people and it has hurt so many people and and you can you can see why all the way from the beginning I believe I I truly believe in this doctrine called the serpent seat where that really the original sin was unbelief and not believing God's word but it was adultery in the Garden of Eden. And the enemy keeps going to that well over and over again. And he keeps trying to throw a division between a husband and a wife, as he did with Adam and Eve, as he did many, many all the way down through where Moses had to write this writing of divorcement. Not because it was the right thing to do, but it was because the hardness of the people's hearts. Paul when he was judging these things he said this say I not the Lord if we would do it the way that the Lord commanded it we wouldn't suffer these things but we fail as humans and I read that scripture that God makes a way out for us I'm not by any means condoning um divorce and remarage and any of that I'm not I'm not saying that at all. But I am grateful for the grace of God that he loves us. And I really appreciate what brother Brandham said in that quote from marriage and divorce. He said, "Teach your children not to do this." And I think that the pastors need to, and when I was up there, something's like, "Stop. Slow down." And I can see the nervousness of a minister. It may be in a church of 10,000 people or it may be in a church of of a hundred people. But I can see the the nervousness of a pastor to address that because every situation is different and we can't just throw out a blanket rule because it doesn't work. And as with the Old Testament, people will find ways around the rules. But the way that that you can't get around is if you have the Holy Spirit in your life and if you have the Holy Spirit in your union. And that is the most important thing. You have to have the spirit of God in the family. And if you put him first, then these irreconcilable differences that I said, and we all have them, and and you don't have to agree on everything, but you have to be civil and you have to love each other, and you have to be able to move forward. And when we have that Holy Spirit in our lives, we can respect that other person. We can pray for that other person. we can get on our knees and pray, "Lord, help me to understand what she's going through. I love her so much." And I'm sure that my wife has been on her knees for me and I've been on my knees for her saying, "Lord, help me to understand her perspective. Help me to understand what she's going through so I could have more compassion. and let me get myself out of the way and let me as a Christian prefer the other person. Let me prefer my wife. Let me prefer my husband over my own desires. And that's a Christian. It's not just in a husband and a wife situation. It's in the whole our whole lives. And you'll see in the sermon on the mount as we go go forward in that Jesus, he changed the world. He preached a message that made all of God's commandments and and everything that God had said, he made it real and it it took it off of the pages of the Bible and placed it all the way inside of our hearts where it it governs everything that we say or do. That's the Holy Spirit. And Jesus had to die for our sins. And he had to be resurrected again before he could send that Holy Spirit. And he did send it. And we should let that govern everything that we do. We should let that govern in our our relationships with our husbands, relationships with wives and families and church, friends, work. Let that govern everything. Friends, you with me? Let's all Let's all stand. Our Lord, Lord, we pray for the marriages that are in our church, in our congregation, Lord, that you would strengthen our bonds that we have together. Lord, we pray for those that are are without a spouse. Father, that they have a hard time. We pray Lord that that you would strengthen that person, those people. Help them to get through, Father. And the scars, Lord, that are behind many from difficult relationships, Lord. We pray that you would heal those scars and Father, renew them. We pray. May the joy of the Holy Spirit just fill each one. Lord, we pray, Father, for our families, for the youth, for those that have not entered in to these bonds of marriage to to these, Father, this holy matrimony. We pray that Lord that each one would find the right one, one that would compleimement them as far as bring Lord strengths where they have weaknesses. And Lord, bring joy. We pray. We love you. We thank you for your goodness to us. Lord, we ask that you would help us in everything that we do. And Lord, if there would be sin in our lives, and we know that there there are sins, Father, those dominating forces, the right hand or the right eye, Lord, make a way of escape for us that we can overcome, these bad influences in our lives. And Lord, replace whatever void it may be when we cut it out, replace it with the Holy Spirit. Father, we pray strengthen us, Lord. We love you and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Tonight, so tonight, I'll um carry on where we left off and also give a a little report on um some things that we're doing at church. And we uh we have a missionary trip coming up, a couple of us that we are going to be going to um the inner city in Louisville, Kentucky, and inviting people to come to Jesus Christ. We'll be we'll be leaving on Thursday and uh the meetings will be on Saturday night. So, I'll I'll give her a little report on that and uh some of the directions that we're going on in church. And then, if the Lord's willing, I'll continue on. I'll read Matthew chapter 19 where Jesus talks about a husband and a wife and and we will go back and read a little bit more in Matthew chapter 5. I'll try to I'll try to keep it short, but not getting in a hurry tonight. God bless you, brothers and sisters. I love each one of you. Be a strength to each other. pray for each other and I hope to see you at tonight's night tonight's service. You're dismissed. God bless you.
