################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-06 - A Christian is & a Christian Does Josiah Aho - Josiah Aho.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-06
Title:   A Christian is & a Christian Does: Josiah Aho
Speaker: Josiah Aho
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTRK9GnstbY
========================================

father's house. To my father's house, to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house where there's peace, peace, peace. There'll be no trouble there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house, there'll be no trouble there. In my father's house, where there's peace, peace, peace. King Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. King Jesus will be there. In my father's house, where there's peace, peace, peace. There'll be no trouble there. In my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. There'll be no trouble there. In my father's house, where there's peace, peace, peace. And praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Serve him. Serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Serve him. Serve him when the sun goes down. And love him. Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the noon time. Love him. Love him. Love him when the sun goes down. Oh yes. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Says, "Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time." When you first get up, it's not a ah I gotta get up. No, it's Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful morning. So, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Amen. Amen. There's no reason not to praise him because even in your worst position, he's already been there and taken care of it. So, we appreciate that. Where could I go but to the Lord? You know, it's I like that first. You know, life here is grand and it is. It's wonderful to be a Christian, but when everything goes, we can go to him. Oh, living below in this old sinful world, hardly a comfort can afford. Striving alone to face temptation. Go. Where could I go but to the Lord? Oh, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? And neighbors are kind. I love them. Everyone we get along in sweet a cold. But when my soul needs mana from above, where could I go but to the Lord? Oh, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to alone? And life here is grand with friends I love so dear. Comfort I get from God's own word. And yet when I face the chilling hand of death, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Needing a refuge for my soul. Brother Ed, if you would come on up in the end, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Brother Ed is is going to share a request that they have and also open in prayer. [Music] Good evening. God bless you. the request um most of you already know it's for our sister-in-law Susan Lupicar um brother France's wife she's due to have surgery next week u from what we been told it's going to be a very long and very delicate operation so would I know we would appreciate your prayers and I know France and the family would truly cherish your prayers so if you'll keep that in your heart pray for him. Um, it's a battle. Uh, she was diagnosed with a a had a tumor. It's cancerous and they don't know the full extent, but I know who I believe in. So, let's um place let's keep her in the the hands of the great physician. Do you have something that you'd like the Lord to meet with an uplifted hand? Let's go to the Lord. [Music] Heavenly Father, [Music] it's truly a blessing to be able to to come to you this evening, Lord. Lord, you're a friend like no other friend. You're always there, Lord. And Lord, we'd first of all like to invite you into our midst. Come, Lord Jesus. [Music] Lord, we're more than two or three. And Lord, we all desire that you come and bless us with your presence. Heavenly Father, this evening as we would worship you, as we would praise you, Lord, we'd ask, heavenly father, that you take our brother that's going to speak tonight and move him completely out of the way and knowing his thoughts and his words, Lord. Anoint our ears and our heart to receive that which you have. Bless the songs, Lord. This request for Sister Susan, we'd like to commit her back into your hands and leave her there, Lord. We know no other [Music] like you, Lord. And Lord, you know the end from the beginning. And we have confidence in you. So stretch forth your hand one more time, Lord. One more time for the needs with those hands that were lifted up this evening. Answer the needs, Lord. Be with our brother John Zimbran. And Lord, and touch him where he lays. Strengthen him. Encourage him. Bless us with your presence one more time, Lord. And we give you honor and glory in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Where could I go? There where I'm going is I'm going to get to see him. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. and sister hope when we finish this if you'll make ready to come up. I'm sorry I had the wrong song in mind. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary, to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must wind. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead, lead every time. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my bones. Hairs all pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when bellies low, I look towards a mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fire. With a tender hand I'll stretch towards the valley lowing me. I can see as I onward go. Oh I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my bones. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. And when before bills rise from the mighty knee, then my lord directs my bi to safely keep. And he leads me gently on through this world to know. He's a real friend to me. And oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. and live in my cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Amen. Happy all the time. Not worried about what's coming of Sister Hope. I'm not worried what's going to happen tomorrow, but everything. Amen. We really even can't imagine it, but it will be that way. Amen. Praise God. Y'all can sing this with me. Sing it with me. Shady green pastures so rich and so sweet. leads his dear children along. Where the waterers cool flow bathe the weery ones feet. God leads his dear children along. [Music] Some through the waters, some through the flood. Some through the fire, but all through the through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Sometimes on the mountain where the sun shines so bright, God leads his dear children alone. Sometimes in the valley and darkest of night my dear children belong. Some through the waters, some through the flame, some through the fire, but all through the night, some through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. No sorrows before us and Satan leads his dear children along. By grace we can coner, defeat our foes. life his dear children alone. Some through the water, some through the fire, some through the fire, but all through the night. on through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Away from the mire, away from the clay. My leads his dear children along away up in glory eternity day. leaves his dear children alone. Some through the waters, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood. Some great sorrow, but God gives a song in the night cease and all the day. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. just reminds me of something I was watching the other probably I think it was National Geographic the mother bear leading her little cubs across the street crossing the road and she stops and she looks back and they're not paying a lot of attention. They're running around but she stayed there until they came over. Sometimes we go this way he goes that way but he's still watching over us. Do appreciate that. You know, I know who holds tomorrow and I know he holds my hand. I don't know. I just live from day to day. I don't borrow from it sunshine. for its skies may turn to gray. I don't worry. Your birth of future for I know what Jesus said. And today I'll walk beside him. for he knows what is ahead. Many things about tomorrow I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know he holds my hand. Every step is getting bright. As the golden stairs I climb, every birden's getting lighter. Every cloud is silver light. There the sun is always shining. There no tear will dim in the eyes at the ending of the rainbow where the mouth can touch the sky. many things about tomorrow. I don't seem to understand, but I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. I don't know about tomorrow. It may bring me poverty, but the one who feeds a sparrow is the one who stands by me. And the path that is my portion may be through the flame or flood. But his present go before me and I'm covered with his blood. many things about tomorrow. I don't seem to understand, but I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand, Lord. Oh many things about tomorrow I don't see to understand but I know who holds my holds my hand. He's holding my hand every day. He's holding my hand and he's walking me on through it. A lot of times I don't notice that he's holding my hand, but then many times I'll look back and see where I've come from and I say, "Yeah, Lord, you are holding my hand the whole way." God bless you, Brother Daniel. Good to see you on a Wednesday night. And then, Sister Stephanie there in the back, God bless you. It's good to see you. It's um we're we're a bit sparse tonight on this Wednesday night. There's a lot of people missing. Um, do pray for I forgot to mention uh Lionel and Lonnie Salazar. They're up in the fire and they're providing support, but that's a monstrous fire up on the north rim of the Grand Canyon. So, please remember them when you're praying. And I did mention uh Eric Davis, also this young man that uh Sister Mercy Samurano's grandson. He's incarcerated in Yuma and the family would really like to get him here to Tucson so they can visit him and he's he's been there's just some fearful things in prison. There's there's gangs there and he's not doesn't really feel like he's quite fitting in. So, he uh he would appreciate the prayers. He's lost about 20 pounds. It's just it's been hard on him. But like I said in my my broadcast this morning, Jonah made some bad decisions. One particular bad decision that caused all kinds of problems, but then God turned it around and he made it a great blessing. So I pray that uh this Eric Davis um I met him. I I um would visit him when he was here in the in the jail and um he he's just he needs to change his life around. And I believe that this was the mercy of God has done it. And uh I believe he's a son of God with all my heart. And I just can't wait to see him out and serving the Lord. And uh I'm looking forward to seeing miracles in his life. So don't don't forget to pray for uh Brother Eric Davis. And um I uh happy to have my little girl here. She's [Applause] she's holding my grandbaby until the end of December and then she's going to let us hold it. Good to see you, sweetheart. Nice. Nice to have you here. Um Maline came in for my grandma's funeral that's going to be this um she got here early. Uh we had to put the funeral off till next Friday, but she wanted to be with the family. And Sister Wheeler, 98 years old. Brother Wheeler, my grandpa was a deacon in Brother Brandham's church. They um just I'll tell you what I've ever if I've ever seen an example of how a Christian should live. I see that in my grandpa and my grandpa Wheeler. They were just I mean perfect is is pretty a high level, but they were as perfect as a human can be. I think just wonderful, wonderful people. A lot of love and love the Lord Jesus with all their hearts. and the Lord has seen fit after 98 years to take grandma home. So that will and and everybody's welcome. We're going to have just a short graveside funeral next Friday. Not this Friday, but next Friday at um East Lawn Palms funeral. It's not even in the funeral home. It's going to be right at the graveside. So um if uh if you'd like to go, you're welcome to. I'll be officiating and I'll just minister just a short message and uh we will put grandma to rest with the promise that she is going to rise again um for tonight for our brother Josiah. He's I'm looking forward to hearing him speak. I usually choose the topics that we we minister on on Wednesday night and I'll choose a series um whether it be the Bible or you know from book by book or whether it be the book of Acts. Um we lately been on David and Saul but I wanted Josiah just to feel at liberty and I told him just minister what's on your heart. I was I've been thinking about getting into the book of Timothy and I Josiah kind of reminds me of Timothy in the Bible and and I said, you know, you could you could go through his life, you go through Timothy or just whatever whatever is on your heart. And brother Josiah, he had it on his heart um to minister on uh a Christian is and a Christian does. And I'm looking forward to him. Brother Josiah, if you could uh make ready. I think that we're going to be blessed. I want to give our young men a chance to come up and and minister. And and Josiah is he's very knowledgeable in the word and he he he's always quoting Bible verses to me and I can see a deep understanding in the young man and I'm very much looking forward to hearing him tonight. So, let's all stand. Welcome our brother Josiah. He usually stands before us and leads us in worship. And now he's going to lead us in expounding on the word. Brother Aaron told me that he was looking through the website and he saw Josiah Ao ministering and Daniel Evans leading worship. You laugh. You think that's funny, Sister Elizabeth. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; I told him I was looking forward to this service. &gt;&gt; But Aaron said he was looking forward to this service. So, no, that was a typo. I forgot Junior on the back on the back of Daniel. But God bless you, brothers and sisters. It's my honor to introduce our young brother Josiah to come up here and expound upon the word of the Lord. Yes, brother Aaron, if you could lead us. All to Jesus I surrender. Oh, to him I free. I will ever look and trust in his presence day. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. Last the very last verse. [Music] All to Jesus I surrender now I feel the sacred flame. Oh the joy of full salvation. Glory gloryy to him. Surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Make it your prayer this evening. Oh, I lift my hands, bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Let's sing that again. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, thank you for this Wednesday night service. Thank you for everyone that's here, Lord Jesus, and everyone that's streaming. Thank you for this building full of wonderful air conditioning that we have, Lord, these pews, this piano, this church, Lord. Let us never be ungrateful for what we have, Lord Jesus. Lord, I've heard it said, if we never got anything else given to us this life, we'd still have so much to be thankful for. We couldn't we couldn't thank you enough for how much you've blessed us. Thank you, Lord, for all you do, Lord. Truly, tonight, we need you. Each one of us needs you. I need you tonight, Lord Jesus. If your presence would be here with us tonight, that's all that matters, Lord. We thank you for all these things in Jesus name. Amen. You can all have your seats. Thank you very much. We need him, don't we? Every day, every day of our lives. You know what we don't need is these. We think a lot of times that we need them and I understand for work and many things, but I I want to tell a story. We were just camping and um I asked my dad one time about their camping trips as a kid. He said they would go to Lake Diablo in Washington and Baker Lake. There's two beautiful crystal blue lakes in Washington. And my grandpa would go first the night before. I don't know why they always did this, but this is what their system would be. He would he would go first and they would always get the campsites that you had to take a boat to. My grandpa loved doing stuff hard. He was an archery hunter. And when they camped, he liked to have to park on the side of the road and then take a boat across the lake to the campsite. And they have those spots. You can only get to them by boat. So, my grandpa would go the day before and the next day my grandma would come with the kids and sometimes my dad would go with my grandpa to help set up. And my grandpa would get there and I thought to myself, "So, did did grandma know exactly on the road where to go? Did she see the truck?" No. Because the truck was actually parked a little ways up, so it's not clear where you cross. Well, you didn't have phones, so how did she find you? And my dad said, my grandpa literally stood on the other side of the lake, a mile away, with a mirror, and when he saw her car coming, he flashed the mirror and she stopped. Let me just say, we don't need these. They figured it out. They It worked. They were able to do it. And I said, "My grandpa's incredible. how on and my grandma for seeing a a flash from the road, a tiny little mirror a half a mile away has nothing to do with what I'm talking about tonight. It just it relaxes me to tell a story before we get started. So, um I told brother Daniel that that was my title. Uh what a Christian is and what a Christian does. So, we're going to read when you're reading about what a Christian is and what a Christian is supposed to do. Um, what a where where better to start than Psalms. So, let's start in Psalms 19. Last time I spoke for a few minutes on a Sunday night and I did Psalms 1 and I've just been going through the Psalms and Psalms 19 was one that I spent a great deal of time on. And so we're going to go through a couple verses here and let's go to the very last verse. Psalms 19:14. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Let's read that again. Let's read it together. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. This is a prayer as are a lot of the psalms. And I want to start first by saying um saying what this does not say. This does not say accept me as I am or Lord receive me like this or I'm going to do my thing and the Lord will just understand me. That's not what it says. It can be misinterpreted to mean that. But on the other on the other extreme, those are obviously wrong. Obviously, we know that's not what it's saying. But on the other extreme, it's not saying if my words are righteous enough, he'll receive me. And it's not saying, "Lord, look at my good faith or hear how I word my prayers so perfectly." It's saying, "Change me to line up with you. Change me, oh God." And it's it's almost desperate. Lord, let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart just be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. David is saying, "Change me. Change my way of thinking. Change my way of speaking to be pleasing to you, to line up with you. And not only the words I speak, change what I think in my heart, change what I feel in my heart, the things I that come from within. Change those. Because we can all change the way we talk. But he's saying, Lord, change me from within. Change what change what I can't change. Lord, may may the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight. That's the change. Change me, oh God. So, you can look back at the previous verse. Let's go back to verse 13. When I was reading through this, this chapter kind of made sense to me when I went to the end and went backwards. This is a trick I I have. My brain might just be off. But brother Biscll told us one time, he's my pastor growing up. He told us, "If you don't understand a verse, sometimes skip to the end and then go backwards. Read that verse, get it in your head, and then go back to the one and go back." And sometimes, you know, if you don't understand it the one way, you can get it going back. So, we just read about the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart. So the verse before, keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins. Again, this is a this is a request. This is a prayer. This is Lord, help me. Things that are obviously sins, I need help, Lord, that they won't have dominion over me. Then shall I be upright and shall be innocent from the great transgression. Let them not have dominion over me. This is one that has recognized something. They recognize that they can't do these things on their own strength and rather than relying on their own strength, I'll rely on his. That's always the better route. So now let's go back to verse seven. This isn't a usual pattern of ways. We'll read it the right way after, but uh the law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. We hear a lot about the law and how there's the letter of the law and we don't have to live by the law. We have grace and we don't have to think about the law. It says the law of the Lord is perfect converting the soul. So the law of the Lord is perfect not because we're robots and it gets programmed in us and we have no choice but because it's actually the intent is to change from within. converting the soul and the testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. So, if I could say it like this, um, this has a track record of working. If you read it in the Amplified, it says something like, um, you can count on this. It it has a specific word that it's reliable. says it has a track record of working for people who maybe nothing else works in your life. This works. This works. The law of the Lord, it converts the soul. It goes beyond just memorizing, just knowing and it goes to the goes to the heart and it goes to the soul and it makes it makes dummies like me even a little more wise. Verse eight. Am I putting you to sleep yet? Okay. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart, the commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. And though we say, and maybe we really do believe that we would trust the Lord blindly, this verse says his commandments bring understanding. says they enlighten the eyes. You will actually understand he this this is to help you understanding. We can have times when we don't understand and the Lord wants us to trust him. I believe in that. But this says it enlightens the eyes. This will bring you understanding. This will help you and it helps us to understand his heart. So why should I trust him is a question someone could ask. Verse nine, the fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. Can you say that about any politician or judge or officer as just as they may be? Their judgments are true and righteous altogether. Verse 10. More to be desired are they than gold. Judgments, statutes, commandments, they're more to be desired than gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb. I could say this isn't like any earthly principle or law I've ever heard of. Perfect judgments, never failing, better than money, better than pleasure. And this isn't even in the context of eternal life. This is to help you on earth. This is to help you in your earthly journey. This is something and the verse says it's better than money. It will be more helpful in your life's journey to fear the Lord and keep his commandments. Money isn't as good as this. As I said, pleasure won't help you like this well like this will. And verse 11 says, "Also, or moreover, by them is thy servant warned, and in keeping of them there is great reward." Having this in your mind, heart, and soul will help you do the right things. You if you just read through the Psalms many times, it's about meditation. It's about praying. It's about thinking about these things. God did not intend for us to just rely on going to church on Sunday or whatever outlet you have to plug into. If you don't have that outlet to plug into, it's written on your heart. If you meditate on these things, when something comes up in the spur of the moment and you have it so near and dear to your heart, that's why David was a man after God's own heart. He said the law of the Lord, it converts the soul. It changes you from within. This is deeper, like I said, than just coming to church. This should be written on every believer's heart. And we should be thinking about it. And I said earlier, why should we why should we trust him? In keeping of them, there is great reward. This is something. There's commandments with promise that your days may be long on the earth, but beyond that into eternal life, keeping this, there is great reward. I I really hope you didn't come to hear something deep tonight. This is just reading what I believe God's prophet wrote here in the in the book of Psalms, thinking about each word. Is that okay? Is that all right? having this in your mind, heart, soul. Amen. Verse 12. Who can understand his errors? Cleanse thou me from secret faults? So that first question, who can understand his errors? Confuse me at first. Because it's not talking about the Lord. It's not saying who can understand his errors. It's saying what person can understand their own mistakes without something to without a lighthouse, without something to point them to what's right. Um, one that happens to me almost weekly at least if I'm working is um if I am finishing a job and I want to take the short route almost always the scripture do everything as as unto the Lord. And I want to just take the shortcut. I don't need to sprinkle sand on this part. I did the entire area. I can leave out this corner because I'm tired. It's hot. I want to go home. And then it always hits me. No, do this job as if you're doing this job for Jesus. As if whatever whatever your work is, as if the person or whatever you're serving is literally for the Lord. That's an example of who can understand his errors. If if you don't have something to point you to what's right, many people would say, "Hey, there's nothing wrong with taking the shortcut." And and maybe there isn't. Maybe there isn't. But it always comes to my mind. I need to be doing this as unto the Lord. And then cleanse thou me from secret faults. And then we're about to get back to where we started, but cleanse thou me from secret faults. The more I thought about it, the more it made me just want to fall on my knees and say, "Lord, I'm so sorry." Think about the things you might not even know that were displeasing to the Lord in your life, in my life. Lord Jesus, I'm so sorry. I don't even know something maybe I didn't do that I was supposed to do. And then the next verse says to the other extreme, "Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins, from obvious wrongs, from things that are clearly wrong, clearly I messed up, both extremes, the things that I didn't even know I did wrong. And Lord, the things obviously wrong. Let them not have dominion over me." That's a good prayer. Let these things, Lord, you know I struggle with this. Let it not have dominion over me. And then I shall be innocent. I shall be upright and I shall be innocent from the great transgression. I just want to say for a minute um James 5:16, cleanse thou me from secret faults. Um, it says uh in James 5 verse 16, I think it's a habit I have because I lead songs that I wait for them to put the scripture up on the screen before I go. I can't read it. It's right here. I can read it, but I just wait for the next verse. Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another that ye may be healed. The effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. And the verse in Psalms that we just read says, "Cleanse me from secret faults." It's interesting that James 5:16 says, "Confess your faults. Tell others you messed up." And uh this doesn't necessarily mean you always have to go around telling everybody what a horrible person you are, but to your brothers and sisters here at church that you can rely on, you can count on each other. what you're struggling with. You can be honest when you make a mistake. And it's actually when you read this, it doesn't seem it doesn't feel like a con like a like a suggestion. It it feels kind of like a confess your faults one to another and pray for one another. Be there to listen to when somebody needs to talk and then pray for one another. It doesn't say go talk about it to the other ones in the church. Pray for your brother. Pray for your sister that you may be healed. Um, I've heard it said before, uh, that the line of people to criticize is really long, and the line of people to gossip is really long, and the line of people to sympathize is a lot shorter, and the line of people to help is almost empty. What a shame. We should be hitting our knees immediately when we know that somebody is struggling. That should be and it's saying this is like vinegar for me because I'm so guilty of this. Just, oh man, did you hear about this? And it's like I haven't even prayed for that person yet and I'm already spreading this. That's not how we should be. It says confess your faults to one another and pray one for another that you may be healed. And we do the exact opposite. Uh I think somebody maybe said this here, maybe brother Daniel a while back and it stuck with me. As humans, we do the opposite of confessing our faults. We tell each other all the good things that we've done and all the things that make us look so great and the things that elevate us. And we hide our flaws and we hide our mistakes and we hide our failures. We hide the wrongs we do because we want to make ourselves look good. How many of you have ever lied to make yourself look good? And if you don't have your hand up, you're lying to make yourself look good. Jesus said not to do that. Jesus said, "Don't let your right hand know what your left hand do." He said, "Don't let your arms be seen in front of other people. Uh, don't do good to make yourself look good or look more righteous. That's exactly what the Pharisees did. Show everyone all the good things you do. James literally says the opposite. Tell them how you messed up. Be brutally honest and how much you need their prayer. And you have now you have a deeper connection. And now it it really I believe it brings so much unity in a church when you can just be vulnerable with each other. Um there's a lot of power in the tongue when we gossip or when we say good or when we pray for someone. There's a lot of power in the tongue and I believe you can you can stay bound or you can be free a lot of times depending on if what you say or what you don't say. I really believe that. You know, let me just say Satan holds us captive by fear by keeping things in. We become afraid of what will happen if our sin is exposed. But exposing it is the best way to get rid of it, I believe. Can I tell the story? Um, he might he was maybe going to tell it, so I'll I'll tell the story. Um, I heard it growing up. His brother Biscoll would tell it. Maybe you've heard it. It's concerning a meeting he was in in uh northern British Columbia. Is it okay? Okay. Um, and he was sitting on the platform and brother Brandham was preaching and they were coming to the end of the service and they didn't have a prayer line that night. Uh but the anointing came and brother Brandham was calling people out in the service and people were being healed and brother Bisll sitting was sitting back here and he said a lot of the people were people from his church and he knew the problems and he'd hear one thing said he'd say that's correct and he'd hear time after time people he knew things they were dealing with and then in the middle of a song They're singing I love him. I I would have actually prepared better and played the section, but in the middle of the song, he says, "What's the matter, soldier boy?" Maybe a lot of you have heard this story. And he says, "You're not going to commit suicide." In the middle of a song, and you can hear on the tape, everybody stops singing. It's quiet. All of a sudden, they're You can even hear they're like looking for the soldier boy. You can hear like rustling around. He says, "You're not going to commit suicide. The devil's a lying to you." He says, "You have a a phobia, and if you let if you let him, he'll drive you insane." I'm not quoting exactly, but he says, "If he'll drive you insane if you believe him." He says, "Deny him, renounce the devil, accept Jesus Christ as your healer, and you'll go home, and you'll be a gentleman, and you'll be a real man." And then they just carry on with the service and nothing else happens. So it was brother Biscll's job that weekend to take brother Brandham on a rest up into the mountains to go hunting. And they go up there and they're driving down the Alaskan Highway and they're already in Dawson Creek, which if you've been in northern British Columbia, that's pretty much in the middle of nowhere as it gets. And then beyond that's just even more. and they come to a town, I think it was called Fort Nelson, and they decided to get something to eat. They're hundreds of miles up the Alaskan Highway in the middle of nowhere. This is the last town before they're going to get to the ground where they're going to hunt. So, this is out there, but there's a little town cuz when the Alaskan Highway was built, they just pushed it right through the wilderness and then little businesses opened up on the side of the highway. So, they stop at this restaurant and they sit down to have lunch and it's uh three of them and they order something to eat and then in walks this man and uh this man wearing a US Army tunic and brother Bisll recognized him as this soldier boy from the service and he said, "Fancy seeing you here." And then the man that was with him ran over to the table and thrust his hand down in front of front of brother Brandham and said, "Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham." And he said, "Uh, do you remember calling out the soldier boy? Do you remember saying what you said to the soldier boy?" And he's frantically speaking. Frantically speaking, "Uh, do you remember what you said?" And brother Brennham said, "I don't I don't remember. Do you remember, Brother Biscll?" And he said, "Yeah, I remember. You said that he's not going to commit suicide." And that was the devil talking to you. And he said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what you said. That's what you said. And he said, "This is him." He said, "He came all the way from Fairbanks and we wanted to get him in the prayer line, but we couldn't get him a prayer card." And he said, "I believed that we would find you today." And then the soldier boy spoke up and said, "Yeah, this man actually believed." And he said it, Brother Biscll said he said it in such unbelief. He said, "Yeah, this guy actually believed that we would find you today." And I've heard brother Bisl tell the story many times. He said you could drop a pin in that spot. He said you could go 500 miles down the Rocky Mountain trench and maybe find a trapper and you could go however many hundred miles in the other direction and find a logger maybe or a or a trapper or or something. He said this was a true needle in a hay stack. And he said in the middle the fact that they ended up in the same place absolute miracle. So back to the this man is frantically speaking and he says, "Will you pray for him?" And brother Brandham said, "Oh, sure. Of course, I'll pray for him." And he said, "Let's just eat our lunch first." So they eat their lunch and they leave and as they're walking out, they meet out front and the soldier boy says, "Just two minutes, brother Ben." And so they walk to the end of the sidewalk and brother Biscll, Brother Chris, and this other man walk and give them space and this man is frantically speaking to Brother Biscll. He says he's he's tried to commit suicide three times. He's got a wife and two beautiful children. Nobody knows what's wrong with him. Nobody knows what's going on. He came down here so we could get him in the meetings. And brother Daniel has a side to the story that maybe he'll share. And nobody knows what's wrong with him. He's tried to commit suicide. And brother Biscll's hearing this and he's watching Brother Brandham. And brother Brandham takes off that hat that is you see in a lot of the photos and puts it over his heart. He knew he was praying then. And then he turns around, brother Brandham and the soldier boy and start walking back. And the soldier boy goes like this with his fist in the air three times and says, "I'm free. I'm free. I'm free." Walking back to the car and he gets back and they're in a little group. And he says, "This man told me something that I and my wife in this world know and no one else. And as soon as he told me, I was free." before they even prayed. He said, "As soon as he told me, I was delivered." And so they had a little conversation there and then they had to get in their car and head their way. And brother Biscll and they had to get in the car and go hunt. So they get in the car and leave. Brother Brenham says, "Brother Eddie, do you know this man?" He says, "No, no, I don't know this man." He said, ' Have you ever seen him? Is he any kind of a friend? No, I've never seen him. He's He's no kind of a friend. He said, ' Do you think you'll ever see him again? He said, "No, no, he lives in Fairbanks and I live in Vancouver. That's 1600 miles. I don't I don't think I'll ever see him again." And he said, "If he was your friend, I would never tell you." He said, "But when we were at the end of the sidewalk," This is Brother Brandham speaking. He said, "When we were at the end of the sidewalk, he came to us there and he told us that he had a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children." That's the exact same words that the man had just spoke to Brother Biscll. He said, "He has a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children, but he's been committing homosexual acts with young men." And as soon as that was told to him, Satan lost his power. And the boy went away free. He never prayed for they did pray together, but he said the exposing of the sin is what freed that man. And all those years with that covered up and coming to the point three times where he was going to commit suicide. And when that sin was exposed, he was free. Do you see why God gave us a church? A people we could talk to each other. People we could hold each other accountable. We could rely on each other. We hold things we hold things in and it does us harm. And it sears our conscience and it it causes a friction that if we would just talk to someone, obviously talk to the Lord. I'm not saying we don't confess these things to the Lord. If we would just open up and rely on the church that we have around us, we'd be free so many times. That's why we need a church. That's why it's not I'll just stop right there. That's why you can't stay home on Wednesday night. people. When we come to that point of humility, God is faithful to help us. He wants us to be he wants us to be free. He wants us to be holy like him. He gives us understanding of right and wrong. Helps us to do good instead of e evil. And then he writes it on our hearts so that we carry it wherever we go. and we carry it out of this life. Even let's read the last verse again. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. So I the title tonight was a Christian is and a Christian does. What is a Christian is the question. I said all that to get to this. What is a Christian? Someone who prays to Jesus. Someone who reads their Bible. Someone who forgives. Someone who repents from their sin? Someone who tries to live holy? Is it someone who's honest? Is it someone who shares the gospel with others? Is it someone who stands up for truth? Is it someone who would give their life even for the gospel? Maybe. Is it someone that goes to church like we just said, participates in church, pays tithes, gives to God? Is it someone humble? Is it someone like Job? It says Job assued evil. He was a man that assued evil. Someone that obeys the golden rule. Is it someone who exalts others, lifts others up, encourages others? Somebody giving, somebody with faith, somebody with love and joy, somebody who memorizes scriptures, which I encouraged all of that tonight when we were reading through the Psalms. Is it this poster boy for Christianity? Yes. Yes. Yes. But also, no, no, no. These are all things that a Christian does. This is not what a Christian is. A Christian is, just to back up, a Christian is a human. It can't be an angel. They have to be alive or shall I say born. Unless one is born, you can put John 3 verse three up. Unless one is born of water and spirit. So you're born naturally. And we have this scene where this teacher of the law, he probably knew that psalm we just read. He probably knew it. He probably had it memorized because they didn't have phones and stuff. He probably had it memorized. And Jesus says to him, you know, just in casually, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Simple, right? Well, no, it's not simple because Nicodemus said, "What on earth are you talking about? Born again? Can I enter a second time into my mother's womb and be born again?" So then Jesus steps back. He says, "Okay, yes, yes, yes. Unless someone's born of water, born naturally, and born of the spirit. So he's saying these are two different things. They cannot see the kingdom of heaven. And Nicodemus says in verse 9, "How can these things be?" And Jesus says, "Art thou a master of Israel and knowest not these things? Have you not read the Psalms about how your heart's going to be changed? The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. There's this whole thing called the Old Testament that talked about this for generations and you're a teacher of Israel and you don't even understand this. Said, if I'm talking of earthly things, which I feel like Jesus said it, so I can't argue, but I feel like this isn't an earthly thing, that this is a heavenly thing. But he said, "If I tell you of earthly things and you don't understand that, how are we going to get to the deep stuff? How are we going to get beyond this?" Unless one is born of water and of spirit, they cannot see the kingdom of heaven. So that's what a Christian is. It's someone who's born again. And like I said, Jesus clarifies, you're born first of water, then you're born of the spirit. And he says, you're a teacher of Israel. This is taught in the scripture. A Christian is someone who's born again. So if I could say this just as we close, no matter how good you look or how religious you may be, how many quotes you know, how well you know this book maybe, it doesn't make a difference if you're not born again. And on the flip side, how wretched you may be and how filthy you may look and how sinful you may feel, if you're born again, it doesn't make a difference. Oh, glory to God. That he could take a sinner like me, wretched and vile, and all he has to do is put his spirit in my heart. I don't have to. Nothing came from me. It's from him. And now I'm a Christian. Because of that, Jesus stood before a woman that was married five times and he said, "Someone that drinks of this water will be like a well of water springing up into everlasting life." He wasn't talking to a churchgoer. He wasn't talking to somebody clean. Think of who he was talking to. He said, "If you drink of this water, it'll be to you like a like a well of water springing up into everlasting life." Whosoever, he says, drinks of this water. The musicians could come now. We're going to sing a song. I wonder sometimes when I was thinking about this, how much I forgot about the foundation of all this. That's really what this is. What a Christian is and what a Christian does. A Christian is born again. Would you stand with me? I would say if you haven't been born again, don't wait. Don't leave this building tonight without being born again, without being filled with his spirit. and that you could fulfill this scripture that you'd be like a well of water springing up into everlasting life. KFC, I will praise him. [Music] I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory all ye people [Music] for his blood has washed away each stain. Could you worship him for just a minute? Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. Verse one. When I saw the cleansing fountain, oh wide for all my sin. I oy the spirit's ru. Oh, when he said, "Wilt thou be clean?" Will you praise him tonight? Just a little longer. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners. Give him glory, all ye people, for his blood has washed away each. And one more time, I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. for sinners like they give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. Amen. Amen. When brother Brandham was when he was up there in that restaurant and that man accepted his healing and he gave his heart to the Lord and was delivered. As brother Josiah said, it came from brother Brandham knowing something about him that no one else could know. And when brother Brandham received his commission, the angel told him that if you can get the people to believe you, then nothing would stand before your prayer, not even cancer. Now, that's misinterpreted and and and totally torn out of context and made into strange doctrines. But if you listen to it, if you can get the people to believe you, then nothing will stand before your prayer. That discernment that brother Brandham had, that gift that God sent through him was to help the people believe. Amen. &gt;&gt; And you can imagine if someone told you the deepest secrets of your heart, you can imagine that that would give you faith to be to believe that must be God. No one could know the secrets of my heart. And it helped so many people that that gift came out. And it was a gift, friends. It was a gift for us. It was a gift for those people that were there in those meetings to help them believe, to help them receive their healing. But it all has different parts. Each part has its part to play. As brother Josiah said, he was talking about confessing our faults one to another. You know, don't tell the Jesus said things the exact opposite of the way that we think. You know, we tell everybody how great we are. Jesus said, "No, tell everybody." Or James said, "No, tell everybody how bad you are." And then Jesus said, "If there's something good to be said about you, let someone else say it." &gt;&gt; It said that. It says that in the Psalms. I believe it's in the Proverbs. Jesus said it throughout the Bible. Let someone else say it. But we get it all mixed up. But do you see how God has a great economy working? He places one with this gift of discernment here to increase the people's faith. But let me tell you the backstory of that. My dad was in those meetings and he saw brother Brandham call out that boy, that young man. Before the meetings, dad was driving and he saw this guy hitchhiking on the road. He picked him up and he invited him to go to the meetings and it was that man. It was that soldier. [Music] So my dad got to my dad and my grandfather, my family got to play a part over here. Brother Bisl got to play a part over here. Brother Brandham got to play a part over here, but God got the glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because the man was delivered. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful story. And if we friends, if we could just operate in the calling that God has given us. If we could just all just like a watch, you know, like the old watches, they had all these moving parts. If you take one part out, the watch stops working. If one part breaks, if this watch of the Tucson Tabernacle could just click and just everything could fire perfectly, then God, he could do great things. But we all need to get in get into the spirit of God. And as brother Josiah said, the whole thing he he talked about I love that way he closed. There's acting like a Christian. This is what a Christian does and this is what a Christian is. And a Christian is born again. Born of the spirit. We were born of blood and water at the beginning and then as the Lord was telling Nicodemus, you must be born again after that. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Father, what beautiful words from the psalmist. We thank you for our brother Josiah. Lord, thank you. young man studying the word and putting these things together, Lord, and just going verse by verse with this this psalm. How beautiful it was. What deep meaning that psalm has. Father, we thank you. Thank you for brother Josiah, Sister Katie, their dedication to young people. Lord, how rare is that in today's world? to young people serving us here at this church. We thank you for them. Lord, we thank you for your word. And most of all, Father, we thank you for your son, Jesus Christ, who died for our sins and ascended up to heaven and is at the right hand of the majesty on high. Lord, we thank you that the almighty God became flesh and dwelt and a man that lived a perfect life and then father gave his life for our sins. We thank you Lord. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your word. Father we love you in Jesus name. Amen.
