################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-23 - You Were Born to Worship Josiah Aho - Josiah Aho.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-23
Title:    You Were Born to Worship: Josiah Aho
Speaker: Josiah Aho
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng0P-Qq6FhY
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, October 26th 7PM 2025. Josiah Aho is a minister and worship leader at Tucson Tabernacle. He continues on the Praise and Worship series.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Old story how a savior came from glory. How he gave his life from Calvary to save a rich like me. And I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning. And I repented of my sins and won the victory. And oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood and he loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him and he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing and how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. And oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. And he saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. And he loved me. I knew him and all my love is due to him. And he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about a mansion he's built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea and about the angels singing of the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. And oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He s on me and he b me with his redeeing blood and he loved me. I knew him and all my love is due him and he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Amen. [Music] In the window, in the table spread in splendor and someone standing by the open door. [Music] And I can see a crystal river. And I must be near forever. Cuz I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Oh, it's about home time. And I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. Well, I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. And I can see the family gathered. Sweet faces, all familiars, and no one's old and feeble anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. I think my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, and see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door and this whole world been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. If we could stand tonight. For a long time, I've traveled and down a dark, lonely road. My heart was so heavy and sin I sank low. And then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his saving power. And thank God I am free. Free free from this world of sin. [Music] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh hallelujah. I'm saved. saved by his wonderful grace. And I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taking its flight. Like a blind man, that guy gave back his side. Like the poor wretched beggar has found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his holy name. [Music] And thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Well, hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through show me the way. Oh blessing blessed assure [Music] and oh what a forasteast of glory divine. I'm hair of salvation. I'm purchased of God. [Music] I'm born of his spirit, [Music] washed in his blood. So this is my story [Music] and this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. So this is my story and this is my song. [Music] I'm praising my Savior [Music] all the day long. Oh, perfect submission [Music] and perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst at my side. And angels descending. Oh, bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. So this is my story. [Music] Oh, this is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. [Music] So this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. Amen. Praise the Lord. The the plague has struck the Tucson tabernacle in the form of the flu. There are so many people down with the flu. Um Justin Baggley writes asks for prayer for stomach pain and discomfort. Um Jordan Peterson stomach pain discomfort really really really suffering. Brother Jordan is brother Dan Numer and family also suffering with the flu. Sister Kathy Dooall has got a double dose of it. She's really really down and and really in a lot of pain with her stomach. Looks like it's the same little bug. And uh I quoted to brother Ed. Brother Brandham said that you can take medicine and you can have the flu for seven days or you can not take medicine, you can have it for a week. [Music] Um so take medicine if you want or or don't take medicine if you want but one thing that we can do is we can most surely pray that that's the best thing that we can do. Pray friends pray for the church. Um we uh also the um we're going to start another construction project. Um we're going to uh very soon we're going to start ripping out the concrete in the uh back of the church that we use for the front of the church. And um we're going to build a place that we can fellowship more. I see all the brothers and sisters out there and the sun beating down on them and I just feel so bad about it. So, we are going to um rip out all the concrete and we are going to build a really nice place for us to fellowship for large large crowds to fellowship back here. We're going to John is designing an awning that's going to go over and cover a large portion of it that we can relax in the shade there. And then we're going to redo the concrete so it drains better. looking forward to that. I know it's going to be another construction project, but the Lord willing, Brother John promised me and I'm going to hold it hold him to it that we can have it done before our church dedication in November. So, yeah, we want to want to get that done. Friends, everything needs prayer. The sick need prayer. These decisions that we're making, they need prayer. Our our jobs and and our country, it just Prayer is so important. We really need to go to the Lord in prayer every day and go sincerely and whatever need that that you have. Of course, you're not going to forget that, but don't forget the needs that other people have, too. Remember, when we pray, we are talking to the creator of the universe. We are talking to the one that there are no limits in what he can do. I He created the earth. He created the world. He created He created the trees and he created the ocean and he created us. And we get to talk to him. this one that there's a hundred million angels circling around his throne singing holy, holy, holy unto the Lord and they're looking at at each other in awe and they're they're rejoicing over the power of this God and his greatness. And it I believe that God in all of his great greatness, I believe the greatest thing that God has is love. The Apostle John said, "For God is love. He loves us and he's looking down on us right now. Let's bow our heads." And as we bow our heads, just think. The creator of heavens and the earth, the almighty God, is looking down. And he cares about what's on each of our hearts. Remember these prayer requests. All those that have the flu, for wisdom, for the leadership in the church. And if you have a request upon your heart that's for yourself, for someone else, make it known with an uplifted hand before our Lord. Say, "Lord, here's my hand." And you know the need that I have or that that I'm bringing to you for someone else, Lord God Almighty. Hard to think that now we are talking to the great creator, the one who created the heavens and the earth. And and then the one that saw it fit to humble himself come down and be born in a manger, live a spotless life, overcome all the temptations of the devil, and then give himself to be nailed on the cross, die for our sins. or to think that the creator, the almighty God became our savior. And Lord, you thought enough of me. You thought enough of each each person here to die for our sins. Now Lord, we lift up these requests before you and ask Father that you would undertake for every single one. For the uplifted hands, for the sickness, for Lord, for all that we have need of. We now we place it Lord at your feet and ask that you would hear and Lord that you would provide for us and that we would be found as always in your perfect will in Jesus name. Amen. Daniel will continue on and I'll let Daniel introduce Josiah when he comes up to minister. Young man who I appreciate him. We all know Katie and Josiah and how much we love them and and Josiah have enough confidence in him to have him to help us in these Bible studies. I'm looking forward to him continuing on with this study on praise and worship. He was excited. He goes, he was telling me back there, he said, "Brother Daniel," he said, he said, "there's so much. There's just so much here." And and he's just, he was excited. He was excited about the word. Doesn't it Isn't it great to see our youth excited about the word? Oh, man. I know. I know. God feels good about it, too. He gave us his Bible, and he wants the young people to read it, just like the older folks. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Uh as we sing this last verse of Sister Sarah, you want to get ready for your special. Oh perfect [Music] hall is at rest. I in my savior [Music] am happy and blessed. Oh, I'm watching and waiting. I'm looking above. [Music] I'm filled with his goodness. I'm lost in his love. So this is my story. [Music] This is my song. [Music] I'm praising my savior all the day long. So this is my story. [Music] This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. [Music] They say sometimes you win sometimes you lose. Right now, right now I'm losing. [Music] I've stood on this stage night after night, reminding the broken it'll be all right. But right now, right now, I just can't. It's easy to sing when nothing is holding you down. But what will I say when I'm held to the flames like I am right now? I know you're able and I know you can see through the fire with your mighty hand. But even if you don't, my hope is you alone. And I know the sorrow and I know the hurt would all go away if you just say the word. But even if you don't, my hope is you alone. [Music] They say it only takes a little faith to move a mountain. [Music] Good thing. A little faith is all I have right now. For God, when you choose to leave mountains unmovable, give me the strength to be able to sing. It is well with my soul. I know you're able and I know you can save through the fire with your mighty hand. But even if you don't, my hope is you alone. [Music] God, you've been faithful. You've been good all my days. Jesus, I will cling to you. Come what may I know you're able. Yes, Lord. And I know you can. I know you're able and I know you can be safe through the fire with your mighty hand. But even if you don't, my hope is you alone home. And I know the sorrow. And I know the hurt would all go away if you just say the word. But even if you don't, my hope is you alone. God, you've been faithful. You've been good all my days. Jesus, I will cling to you. What? But I know you're a [Music] but my hope still you alone. Sister Sarah, that's one of my favorite songs right there. I love it. Let's sing How Great Thou Art as Brother Josiah comes up. If we could stand this evening. [Music] Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder [Music] consider all [Music] thy works thy hands hath made. And I see the stars. And I hear the rolling thunder thy power throughout the universe display. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. When through the woods and forest glades I wonder and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down from lofty mountain gender [Music] and hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] And when I think that God his son not sparing [Music] sent him to die, I scarce can take it in. And on that cross, my burdens gladly bearing, he bled and died to take away my sin. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Let's tell our Lord tonight. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. Worship, the English definition, to honor or to show reverence for a divine being or supernatural power or regard to someone with great or extravagant respect and devotion. So much in there. Would you pray with me? Lord Jesus, [Music] we have so much to be grateful for. We couldn't spend a whole service if we only gave thanks to you the whole service. We couldn't scratch the surface, Lord, of all you've done, even just in this church. Lord, we thank you for being here this evening. We ask that you'd just take control of the service. Pray that you'd be glorified at the end of this night. We could leave here and say truly Jesus was glorified in that service. [Music] All of us here, Lord, I pray we would all glorify you. Pray that the things I say would be glorifying to you. Lord, I pray for our friend Thomas who was here Sunday night who gave his heart to the Lord. So wonderful to see you working. Lord, I pray that you'd touch him. Draw him close to you, Lord. Help him in his life. Make him a real Christian, Lord. And Lord, for all of us here, Lord, make all of us real Christians that can get out there and serve you and be faithful. Thank you, Lord, for this service. We give it to you for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful song. I uh lead worship as you know and I say often that I don't get tired of that song and I think the Lord doesn't get tired of hearing it. So as long as we have breath and as long as he wants to hear it, I think we ought to sing it with all our hearts. Don't you? Amen. Well, I don't know. Did Daniel have you shake hands? Shake hands. That gives me time to get everything in order. That's right. We're safe here in church. Amen. And you can all have your seats once you get back to your seats. I read the definition of worship which is our topic tonight. My title is you were born to worship. And the the definition the English definition of the word worship uh is to honor or show reverence or uh to give respect or devotion. That's the general definition of the word worship. Last time we talked about praise. talked about in the in the Psalms how it says clapping your hands to the Lord, that's a form of praise. Lifting your voice, giving praise to God, those are all things of praise. And most of the time, things like praise happen right here in church. So, the claim I'm making tonight is that worship goes far beyond the walls of this church. And so does praise. We we we covered that. We're not saying that praise uh can only take place in church. When you speak about the goodness of Jesus to others, you're giving praise. Whether that's at work or out at school, whatever you're doing, you're giving praise to God. But mainly when we think of praise, we think of raising our hands and clap because that's all through the Psalms. Sing unto the Lord in his sanctuary. Sing unto the Lord a new song. All these things in the Psalms about singing, clapping, even raising your hands, making sound. That was the general idea of praise that you give your praise in that manner to God. My claim tonight is that like 90% of worship, that might be bold. I might come back and say that I was wrong, but I'm gonna for tonight 90% of what worship really is, I think happens outside of the church. I think there's a 30 minute part of the service that we call the worship service. And I think that's a very small fraction in our lives of what worship really is. Let's turn, if you have your Bibles, to John 4. Brother Lyle did a couple uh services on worship and he promised me that he would stay away from John 4 because I've had John 4 for quite a while thinking about this topic. And brother Lyall said, "Well, I'm not planning on going that way and if it comes to mind, I'll make sure to avoid it." And he didn't. He covered a lot of things that I wasn't going to cover. So, it's perfect. It works out perfectly. Um, I I asked, let's open our Bibles. I I made a point last time about bringing your Bible and reading out of your Bible. Um, just a side note here, I really appreciate my wife. Um, because she holds me to what I say. She's absolutely unreasonable. It's a joke, of course. Um, but there have been a couple services since then that I forgot my Bible in paper form and she reminded me of the things I said. She holds me to it. So, anything I say, I have to make sure that if I hear it from her, uh, I won't be angry to hear it from her because it's really she holds me to what I say. Chapter 4 of the Gospel of John. Let's start at uh let's start at verse six. Jesus is coming into Samaria. And Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore being wearied with his journey sat thus on the well. And it was about the sixth hour. So it was hot, not 6:00 a.m. but 6 hours of daylight. So it was it was warm by this point in the day. He was thirsty. And there cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water. Jesus saith unto her, "Give me to drink." For his disciples were gone away into the city to buy food. Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou being a Jew, ask me, a woman of Samaria, how is it, thou being a Jew, askest, drink of me, which is am a woman of Samaria? For the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans. We covered this a little bit in the book of Ezra. there when they were rebuilding the temple in Jerusalem in the Old Testament, there was a group of people that came and said, "Let us help build the temple." Some of these people were Samaritans. And Zerubbabel said, "No, because one thing Samaria had got into without getting into too much detail there, there was some idolatry." So, there was a split. The capital of uh of Judah was Jerusalem and the capital of Israel was Samaria and they had separate ways of worship. Some of these Samaritans came to Zerubbabel. We we talked about it a little bit in Ezra if you remember far back and Zerubbabel said, "No, I don't want you to build the temple." And we discussed that it's possible part of his not wanting them to be involved was because of the idolatry. So she says, "How would you, being a Jew, ask me a Samaritan? The Jews don't have dealings with Samaritans. We we had a church split." Jesus answered and said unto her. Jesus always surprise surprises when he answers, "If thou kneest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink, thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water. The woman said unto him, "Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep? From whence then hast thou that living water? Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?" Jesus answered and said unto her, "Whosoever drinkketh of this water shall thirst again. But whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst. But the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. So beautiful. That's a great verse to memorize. The woman saith unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw." Jesus saith unto her, "Go call thy husband and come hither." The woman answered and said,"I have no husband." Jesus said unto her,"Thou hast well said, 'I have no husband, for thou hast had five husbands, and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband. In that sets thou truly." The woman saith unto him, "Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet." And then she goes back to the Jews and Samaritans thing. She's hung up on that. He just exposed her entire life. And she goes back to this. Our fathers worshiped in this mountain, and ye say that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship. Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me. The hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the father. Ye worship ye know not what. So then he he he sort of answers this this question of Jews and Samaritans. He he answers okay yes you don't know what you're worshiping. We know what we worship because salvation is of the Jews. But verse 23, the hour cometh, and now is, when true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. So beautiful. So much to talk about there. It's so amazing that Jesus said, 'Look, the time is coming. Not in Jerusalem, not in this mountain, not at the Los Angeles Temple, not at Brooklyn Tabernacle, maybe at Brooklyn, maybe at all those places. But that's not the point. True worshippers, no matter where they are, are going to worship the Father, and they're going to worship him truly. So, like I said, I made the the claim earlier. I wanted to break it right open that worship is not just about right here. I wanted to really uh hit that. Um it's not just that 30 minute period before the pastor comes out to preach. Worship goes beyond that. And my title, as I said, is you were born to worship. So, what about the people who don't worship anything? You'll meet these people. Ask them. Ask them what do you worship? Because truthfully, without exceptions, every human worship something. No exceptions. No one is exempt from that. Everyone will worship, has worshiped or is worshiping something. Just ask an atheist, what do you worship? He will reply, nothing. I don't worship anything. Come on, everyone worship something. And he'll say, "No, no, no, no, no, no. I do not worship anything. I just take care of myself. I do what makes me happy. I live my life for my own comfort. Just Just go ask someone." No, no, no. I just do whatever makes me happy. I just love myself. I don't worship anything. I worship myself, but I don't worship anything. That's really the claim that they're making. I live my life for me. I take care of myself. I do what makes me happy. I do what I want to do. If I don't want to do it, I don't do it. I live my life for me. But I don't worship anything. Everyone worships something. Do you understand that point I just made? That the atheist saying he doesn't worship anything that just takes care of himself and let he's he's worshiping himself. Let's turn to Romans 1. There's more than just worshiping yourself if you're not worshiping God. As we learn right here in Romans 1. Romans 1:18. Let's start at verse 18. The wrath of God is revealed. We have uh a lot of scriptures tonight. We read all that John 4. Now we're going to read a lot of this. I want to come out here and I don't want to say I don't want to come across as someone who comes out and says, you know, I was thinking or I had a thought. I want to come out here and say let's open our Bibles. So I want to everything everything we say tonight. I know brother Lyall lives by that. Brother Daniel lives by that and that's the right way to do it. So, I'm sorry for that. Side note, uh Romans 1:18, for the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who hold the truth in unrighteousness. Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them. God hath shown it to them. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even even his God's eternal power and godhead. So that they human beings are without excuse. Because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God. Neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. This is this these next couple verses are heavy-hitting and they they seem to be very focused on sinners and people in the world that don't know God. And while that might be true, we have to be humble that we don't fall into this same c this same trap that all these people people all around us are in. because the the the next the next uh chapter begins by saying the ones who judge the people for doing these things are guilty of the same things. So let's continue reading uh verse 21. Because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools and changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man and to birds and to for-footed beasts and creeping things. So all the glory that belonged to God, they changed it into a into this image or concept of no longer is God getting the glory, but now this image like like a like men or like the animals or like the birds. Verse 24. Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanliness through the lusts of their own hearts to dishonor their own bodies between themselves, who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshiped and served the creature more than the creator who is blessed forever. Amen. This is so important as we're living today. They changed the truth of God into a lie. And instead of worshiping God, now they worship and serve the creature more than the creator. Now more than ever is the time for Christians to be humble yet bold. That the truth is God and his son Jesus Christ. not the creation, not all of this below, but it says in this verse that they literally changed the truth of God and and they just considered it a lie. And instead of worshiping God, now they worship and serve the creature rather than the one who created. They worshiped and served the creature more than the creator who is blessed forever. Amen. For this cause God gave them over to vile affections. For even their women did change the natural use to that which is against nature. And likewise also the men leaving the natural use of the woman burned in their lust one toward another. Men with men working that which is unseemly and receiving in themselves that recompense of their error which was due. And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a repbate mind to do those things which are not convenient. These are the this is this is a description of the ones that worship and serve the creature rather than the creator. In these in these next couple verses, I mean it's describing people who are ungrateful. They have vain imaginations. self-p profofessing wisdom, changing the glory of God into other things. They dishonor their bodies. They worship and serve the creature, like we said, rather than God who created everything. There's honor and fear and respect for nature, but there's no honor, fear, and respect for God. You respect your mother and your father. Almost everyone does. But there's no respect for God who gave us a mother and a father. There's no respect for God who gave us There's this movement to save the planet, to save the world, to fix the climate problem. And all of this energy and worship is pointed at the earth for our benefit. God did give Adam the earth to take care of. But Adam was meant to worship God. I think I think I've made that redundant by now. God gave us a beautiful planet. The Grand Canyon, the Rockies, the baby blue water of the Bahamas, the Bahamas, the forests, the deserts, the rivers, so many more things that God created. Not even to mention the animals, those beautiful red birds we see here in Arizona. cardinals. Um, the deer, the elk, the moose, the antelope, the blue whales and the orcas, tuna and blue marlin, Alaskan salmon and largemouth bass, the brown bear, the lions and the buffalo, the zebras and the giraffes, the elephants, the rhinos, the alligators and the hippos, swans in the lake, the eagles in the sky, and so many millions of forms of life that don't even have souls yet all together joined with the sun, moon, and stars join in worship to the creator who is blessed as the scripture says who is blessed forever. Amen. And yet the humans changed verse 25 the truth of God into a lie and worshiped and served the creature instead of the creator dishonoring their bodies. Men with men, women with women, full of unrighteousness, fornication, which is sexual sin, wickedness, greed. Paul's saying they started worshiping the creature instead of God. And all this follows evil, envy, murder, strife. This is all uh this is a list of a recap of those next couple verses that follow. Murder, strife, deceit, malice, whisperers. The Amplified says they're mean-spirited, backbiters, gossips, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, no understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful, and have pleasure in all of these things. These are the type that worship and serve the creation more than the creator. And I want to emphasize it's God's creation. It's not the devil's creation. They're not worshiping something the devil created. This is worship of something that God himself created. And God gave all this to us to point to him. We just sang it. went through the woods and the forest glades. I wander and I hear the birds singing sweetly in the trees and I look down from lofty mountain grander and I hear the brook and I feel the gentle breeze and then sings my soul my savior God to thee how great thou art. It's to point us. Look, looking around the lofty mountain grander as that verse says to point us. When I see that, I know there's a God and I know that he's all powerful and I know that he's worthy of all of our worship. That's the point of all of it. Not that the wor not that the the creation would get the glory, but that God would get the glory. Which one is greater? Mount Rushmore or President Washington himself and his 50 trillion cells and all the great things and his complex anatomy that achieved all the things George Washington achieved in life. Which one's greater? Mount Rushmore or the actual George Washington? Is George Washington great because of Mount Rushmore? Or is Mount Rushmore great because it has George Washington on it? It's an illustration. Because God isn't great because of how amazing the world is. The world is amazing because of how great God is. God gave the earth, as I said, to Adam to take care of it, not to worship it. The world and everything in it like Mount Rushmore is a monument to the greatness of God. God created it. And God wanted men to be like him. He said, "Let us create man in our image." He made all the creation. But there was nothing that was like him. There was nothing that was like God. I just absolutely blasted the bad forms of worship as depicted in Romans 1. But before we're quick to judge, as I said, all of those who fall into that, we must remember the opening point, which is we're all born to worship. Like we said at the start, everyone worships. We're all worshippers and if you don't know any better, you're gonna end up worshiping something incorrect rather than the creator. So what do we worship and how? The the the what is easy. You worship God. That's the easy answer. You worship God, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. But how? Now, everything I said is an introduction to this. How? And this is something we could spend several more Wednesday nights talking about. I started off again by claiming it goes far beyond the worship service. There's a few scriptures that illustrate this. Um Colossians 3:23, we put that up. This is part of worship. I'm I just got to say I'm sorry if I'm slow getting to the point. I uh my brain moves slow. Colossians 3:23. Yet whatsoever you do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not unto men. So now we're going outside of the church. Whatever you do is unto the Lord. Not unto men, but unto God. There's another scripture that we don't have to turn to it, but Ephesians 6:7, if you want to write that down. 1 Corinthians 10:31 illustrates it great, too. But the point of all of it is is that everything we do in life is going to worship something. And if you do it unto the Lord, it goes so much further than just singing songs in church. It goes so much further than just being a Christian, saying you're a Christian, participating in cultural Christianity, but actually doing everything in your life like the world is, like the creation is as a testament to the greatness of God. That is worship. A life, a monument of a life dedicated to God's glory. Worship. I have this poem to read. Worship covers everything. It's in your soul. It's in your hands. It's in your hopes, your dreams, your plans. It's in your strength. It's in your mind. It's in the things you leave behind. It's in your eyes. It's on your face. It's what you shun and you embrace. The atmosphere your life creates. Everything communicates. It's how you work. It's how you play. It's how you live from day to day. It's what you see. It's what you hear. This is all worship. It's what you let your heart come near. It's what you show and it's what's unseen. It's in and out and in between. It's how you dress. It's what you wear. It's even how you wear your hair. With every look, with every phrase, you're showing that something should be praised. With every word, with every deed, you shine a light and sew a seed. It's how you serve. It's how you pray. It's how you give your life away. It's how you talk. It's how you sing. Worship covers everything. Worship is forever. If the worship team wants to come forward now, I'm already to 30 minutes, which is when I stop. I really only read a sloppy introduction, but truthfully, each one of these things I just read, we could talk about worship from the soul. It's in your soul. It's in your hands. It's what you do. We could talk about what you hope for, what you dream for. That can tell you a lot about what you're worshiping. It's in your strength. It's in your mind. As I said, it's in the things you leave behind. These are all things from the scripture we can unpack about worship. It's how you talk. It's how you sing. Worship covers everything. To sum it all up, do everything in life as unto the Lord, as the scripture said, for his glory. Don't let a moment go by without thinking, without remembering that what you're doing could be worship to God. And if it's not, if it's not worship to God, it's idolatry. There's only one person worthy of our worship. You know, this this company here, Apple, they created the smartphone. The phone used to be attached to the wall or corded on a desk in the house, but then they created it so it could be taken everywhere. They made it so that it could be the first thing you go to in the morning and the last thing you go to before you go to bed. And when you're faced with a problem, it's the first thing you jump to. And when you have good news, it's the first thing you go to to share. That's what this was created for. There's a problem. There's something else that already has that place in a Christian's life. He's the first thing we go to every day. And he's the last thing we go to each night. In time of trouble. This isn't where we run. And we have to be careful that in those times each morning, each night in between what we go to when we're in danger, is it more could it be that we're giving that thing worship rather than the creator himself who is blessed forever? Could it be? Would you stand with me? We all want to be better worshippers. Is that true? We all want to serve the Lord better. We all want to honor him more. That's why we're here on a Wednesday night. We want to love the Lord more. Let's pray together. Lord Jesus, Lord, you're so great. You're so wonderful. You're deserving of every good thing. Lord, we don't want anything to be above you. [Music] Not the creation, not the world, not our friends, not our families, our spouses, not our gifts, not our talents, not our jobs, not our church. Lord, we want to worship you above all else. I pray that after this service, Lord, we could leave here. And Lord, even if we all were all sinners saved by your grace, if we could all leave and be 1% better, and if we could worship you more tomorrow, if we could give you more honor each day, Lord, that's all that really matters. Lord, let our lives be a monument to the goodness of God. Let our lives always point to you and how great you are. Lord, we love you. We give you our hearts tonight in Jesus name. Amen. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. [Music] I worship you. Oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my righteousness. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Can we sing that again? Can we raise our hands to the Lord as a sign of surrender? I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise. For you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. [Music] There is none like you. Worship you mighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my righteousness. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I don't think I'll ever forget when Josiah said, he said, "Is George Washington great because of Mount Rushmore or is Mount Rushmore great because of George Washington?" That was beautiful. We think that is God great because of all the servants of God that have come through the ages or are they great because God sent them? And friends, whenever when we go home or when, not tonight, but when when you drive around looking up at the mountains, the Catalina Mountains, and and think, is God great because of those Catalina mountains, or are they great because of God, their creator? I'll never forget that. That was very, very well said, very well stated, Daniel. [Music] And he moves among us. All that he does and all of his mercy and all of his love. If a pin of a rider could ride every day, even this world could never contain how I've been blessed. Oh, warmth in the win, flowers in spring. Laughter at summer and changing of leaves. Oh, food on my table. A good place to sleep and clothes on my back and shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been blessed. [Music] I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] Oh, in arms that can raise, a voice that can talk, hands that can touch, and legs that can walk. Oh, and ears that can listen, eyes that can see, and I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. Oh, I have been blessed. [Music] And I have been blessed. God so good to me. And precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] A mother and father who nurtured and raised. Sisters and brothers and meories made our pastor to lead us. This altar to pray. Stripes that can heal. And blood that still saves. Oh, I have been blessed and I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. And God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Jeremy, can you come up and close? God's so good. Sweet spirit tonight. That song always brings a really sweet sweet closing and just so many things even breath to to speak. We've been blessed just to be able to talk. [Music] Let's pray. Gracious heavenly father, we just count it honor privilege to be here. be amongst all those that you've saved, Lord, and encouraged our hearts through the week to just come and sit under your presence to be around the son of God's ministry because you sent gifts among us. We just love you, Lord. We appreciate all that you're doing, Lord. to answer those questions, Lord, that are on people's hearts and give them a pen in their hand to write questions down when they think it. Lord, you're mindful of everything. You know the secret things. You know the dark things. You know everything that's good. And Lord, you project that good. We just ask you, Father, to be with us the remainder of this week. Be with all those that travel out of town. Lord, you're said that the harvest is ripe. Send those souls to that revival meeting. Let everyone be mindful of their neighbor in that town of Louisville. and give everyone a chance &gt;&gt; just to hear your word and show forth some faith. I just ask it and all those that come service here, bless them for remaining faithful. We just ask, Father, that you be with us all. We praise your name. We worship you, Lord. There's no one we can turn to that gives us so many benefits. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; We thank you, Father, for these things in your precious name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
