################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-01 - Take a Step Ryan Long - Ryan Long.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-01
Title:    Take a Step: Ryan Long
Speaker:  Ryan Long
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tmi9ZqEG-7A
========================================

Description:
Sunday, June 29th, 2025,  10 AM. Bro. Ryan Long is a minister at Flagstaff Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. And blessed be the rock of my salvation. And magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. and magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. [Applause] [Music] Hosana and blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana and blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. And gloryy, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. And gloryy, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. nation and Jehovah Gy is his name for he provideth all my needs. Jehovah Gyrus is his name for he provideth all my need. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Are you ready to worship the Lord this morning? Amen. [Applause] Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed and let us stand up this morning and he became sin who knew no sin that we might become his righteousness. He humbled himself and carried the cross. Love so amazing. and love so amazing. And Jesus Messiah and name above all things and blessed redeemer. [Music] [Applause] Emmanuel, the rescue for siners, the ransom from heaven [Music] and Jesus Messiah, [Music] Lord of all. His body the bread, his blood the wine and broken and poured out all for love. The whole earth trembled. The veil was torn in love so amazing in love so amazing in Jesus Messiah and name above all things. Blessed redeemer [Music] Emmanuel, [Music] the rescue for sin, the ransom from heaven [Music] and Jesus Messiah, [Music] Lord of all. All our hope is in you. All our hope is in you. All the gloryy to you, God, and the light of the world. All our hope is in you. All our hope is in you. All the glory to you, God, the light of the world and Jesus Messiah, name above all names, blessed redeemer. Redeemer Emmanuel, the rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. [Music] Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. Amen. Is he your Messiah this morning? [Music] here moving in our midst. [Music] I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here working in this place. I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here working in this place. I worship you and I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here touching every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here healing every heart. And I worship you. Yes, Lord. Oh, I worship you. And you are here touching every heart and I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here and turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, and that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Amen. He's our way maker this morning. He made a way for us to come to church. Let's praise him this morning. Amen. If the brothers would come for the prayer request and offering and you may be seated. In the light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. In beauty that makes this heart adore you. hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me and king of all days. Oh so highly exalted. [Music] Glorious in heaven. Oh Lord, comely. You came to this earth. You ced all for sake became. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. Allto together lovely. Allto together worthy. All together wonderful to me. I'll never know how much she cost. And to see my sin upon that cross and I'll never know and how much she cost. to see my sin upon that cross. It all never know how much she cost to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much she lost. and to see my sins upon that cross. If we could stand this morning. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. [Music] The words to that song say, I'll never know. And it made me think about Mary after she had heard from the angel said that and she pondered those things and she does have a little a little baby and watches him grow pondering that and all the time it was God working all the time it was God doing what he hadn't planned. Maybe now how you see it and how I see it and sometimes we wonder God where are you? But he's working all the time. He's bringing everything accomplished. We would maybe make the road go differently. We would say, "Lord, it would have been better, but he knows best." We thank him for that. Sister Shirley Moore asked us to remember for a man she met outside the church who was in a car accident. I told him we would pray for him and the church, the church would. So, didn't have the name of the person, but Lord knows who that is that says, "Please pray for my little sister, Kelly Dripper." Says she needs all the help we can give her through prayer. As much as we see sometimes wonder, Lord, where are you? God answers prayer in his time. Amen. Sister Merrily says, "Please pray for my sister Sue, I believe that's Wilson, she has pulmonary fibrosis and is on oxygen uh most of the time. She's also a widow and is trying to live on her own, but it's very hard. You know, she's not on her own. God is with her. He's an everpresent help in the time of trouble. So pray with me. And she lives in Montana. So she's part of our family here then because our sister's part of our family and if our Lord can be touched by the filling of our infirmities and he would give his life for it then how much more would we say Lord if you have a need something you want to raise your hand and say Lord remember me. So Lord, as as you've heard these requests and they don't come as a surprise to you, you didn't have to stop and try to figure out how you're going to, Lord, you've already provided. And we just want to say thank you. Every hand that is raised and every heart represented, those that are listening in, Lord, and those that might hear this at another time, Lord, you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, if we have failed you, and we know we do, Lord, if we have failed one another, we forgive one another as you've forgiven us, Lord. And we thank you for that, Lord. And as as our brother Ryan here this morning, Lord, that you would just give him that that assurance even right now that all is well, Lord. What you've placed in his heart and you'll feed you'll give to us what we have need of, Lord. We thank you for all things, Lord. And as the offering is taken up, Lord, may we be we be willful givers, Lord. Chill cheerful givers, Lord. And it be put to the use that you have designed it for, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We give you glory and honor for what you've already answered and done for us, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. If Sister Naomi would make way, let's just sing that chorus one more time. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together worthy. All together wondering, all together wonderful to me. [Music] [Music] of the glory of Jehovah. Paul preached that all is lost save Christ. John said he is precious by leaning on his bosom. So for a moment may I humbly testify? Did I mention that I love him? How I worship and adore him when I could see he made a way for me. And did I mention he's been faithful to every promise he ever made me? I love him. That's all I have to say. How many sermons can be preached about my Jesus? How many songs can be sung about God's son? There are not enough words, enough notes in the music to tell the story of all myior. [Music] Did I mention that I love him? How I worship and adore him? When I could sing a way, he made a way for me. And did I mention he's been faithful to every promise he ever gave me? I love him. That's all I want to say. And I faithful to every promise he ever made me. I love him. That's all I want to say. [Applause] [Music] Thank you for this cross, Lord. Thank you for the pay price you make. Bearing all my sin and shame in love you came in and gave your name. Let's sing that one more time. Thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you pay. Wearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave your name. And worthy is the lamb. [Music] Seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious and you are high and lift up. [Music] Jesus, son of God, the treasure of him crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. This is the rece. [Music] [Applause] We crown you now in the ground. You reign victorious and you are high in it. Jesus son [Applause] the treasure of [Music] Christ. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. It stands me. All the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. Let's sing that one more time. and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and angels. It's all the saints and angels. I bow before you [Music] come before Heat. Heat. from you are always you deserve the glory and day and night and day let sense arise day and night and Daylight it incorpor [Music] Rise in day and night [Music] in day and night [Applause] day and night and night and [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] From you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. [Music] You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all into you are all things. You deserve the glory and I exalt thee and I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Exalt Lord and I exalt thee. I exalt thee. And I exalt thee, [Music] oh Lord. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. I was just telling brother Ryan in the back that people here today that they just need to hear that God loves them and God cares and they just they just need to hear what this word is about. all the other things, all the other doctrines, all the other stuff that will all fall into place. But really, the sum of the whole matter is to serve God and to know that God loves you and he cares. He knows your name. And it matters to him, every single person here. Greetings to our visitors. First, um, I met Brother Juan Lopez back there. God bless you, my brother. It's good to have you back in service. Bless you. And, uh, Brother Josh Lopez over there. It's nice to meet you, my brother. Raise your hand. God bless you. It's good to good to have you in service. Nice nice to meet you. And, um, two uh, new friends that I have, I just met them outside. Janette and Ben. They're from the local community here. God bless you. Welcome. It's it's it's good to have you in service. I was talking with brother um brother Ben back out there and and I was telling them, you know, it's just on my heart to do something for our community. I've talked with the trustees about it. I I've mentioned that I want to do it. Brothers and sisters, if if we live here, and many of you live in this community, if we live here, then if we are truly Christians, everyone around us should be blessed. That includes the people that live next door. They should be blessed. They should be blessed number one, first and foremost, by our prayers, but second, they should be blessed by just having an outpost of Jesus Christ right next to them. All blessings should rest upon if we are truly walking in the light of Jesus Christ. Then you know when you turn on a light the darkness just flees away. That's right. And if we are walking in that light everywhere we walk, it should just be light. It should be spreading all all over the place. And that includes that includes our neighborhood here. So um Janette and Ben, welcome. Thanks for coming. We we we appreciate you. Thanks to all of our visitors. Yeah, Sister Connie. It's good to have you back in service. God bless you. Welcome, Heath and Melissa, my friends. Welcome those uh those Miller boys, man. You boys are first class. It's good good to have you in service. God God bless you. I'm just grateful, friends. I'm grateful that we have a church that stands for a a living God, a resurrected Christ, and one and and to live our lives like Christians. Jesus said, "Prefer the other person." And it's just that simple. He did it. He died on the cross preferring the other person. And we should do do the same. Whether it be for our wives, husbands, our children, our parents, our neighbors, brothers and sisters in church, whatever it might be. Always prefer the other person. Uh for tonight's service, we will uh I want to have a prayer service tonight and I want to start um answering some questions. I asked the congregation if you have something on your heart you want to know maybe it could be anything it'd be how do I overcome this it be it could be brother Daniel how do you stand on certain certain doctrines it could be why do our church why does our church do this or it could be um I don't understand this scripture write them down put them in the box give them give them to uh one of the officials in the church or their wives and get them to me tonight I want to I got a I got a really sweet question from Sister Elizabeth uh Gara and it's a question that I just didn't get from herds that I've got from other ones is that when I pray how can I get all these voices out of my head and how can I really just approach the Lord in the right way and I think that that's a a question that I don't know if there's one that would be more important important than that one. So, I'll be talking about that maybe 15 minutes, 20 minutes. I just want to just have just that one question tonight and then I'll just talk 15 20 minutes and then let's put it into action. Let's pray tonight. Amen. We do that. Um I want to announce uh brother Steve Robson and and the Flagstaff Church where brother Ryan here is from. They're having their annual meetings August 1st through the 3rd up in Flagstaff and uh Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Um ministers are Evan Kerion and Daryl Ward will be ministering. Um I've heard of heard those names, but I don't know either of them. But I do know brother Steve Robson and I know that he's uh he has good discernment with ministers. So please uh I want to encourage the church to attend those meetings. Again, that's August 1st through 3rd. And we're not having camp this year. So even if the youth wanted to plan a trip up, maybe the church could help in in some way with transportation or something like that. So that's August 1st through 3rd. And uh from that same church, a dear friend of mine, Brother Ryan Long, I first heard Brother Ryan preach, I don't know, a year and a half ago or so at a minister's meeting. And I saw in Brother Ryan something that I think is so rare in the world today. And that is a man that is an individual that has his own walk with the Lord and has his own understanding of the scriptures. And he's not dependent maybe on an organization or maybe a way of thinking. I believe he's dependent on the Holy Spirit. He's not perfect. None of us are are perfect, of course. But when I heard him speak, there was something in my heart that uh that really drew me to him. And I know that we've heard him. We've heard brother Ryan preach a number of times over the past year and a half or so here and and he's been a blessing to me and and I told brother Ryan yesterday I said you know said a pastor is a shepherd and I try to lead the sheep to the green fields and I try to lead the sheep to the good nutritious food but there's sometimes there's vitamins that I just can't give them. And I want to bring in maybe others that maybe are full of those vitamins that can give that vitamin that maybe the pastor can't give. I'm still I'm still looking after the sheep and I want them to be nice and fat in the gospel. And I'm doing my best, brothers and sisters. So, so join me in welcoming our brother Ryan Long from Flagstaff here. And brother Ryan, feel free. I feel like these are your friends now. You know them and they love you and you love them. [Applause] You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. One more time. You're worthy of it all. Why don't you just lift up your hands worship worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Amen. Amen. Before we approach our scripture, let's just approach the author this morning. If you would just bow your heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we can never, Lord, pray enough to you, Lord. And we want to just approach you, Lord, before we open your word, Lord, and before we set aside this small portion of time, Lord, and we want to just prepare the ground, Lord. And Lord, if there be any distractions, Lord, in my mind or in the in the mind of those that are listening this morning, may we just even just for a time, Lord, would you help us set those aside, Father, and may we just receive from your throne this morning, Lord. May you just take Lord just words on a page and words from a insufficient person Lord and may you just expound those Lord to the hearts of your people Lord may you just protect their ears Lord protect their hearts Lord Lord we don't want to come here out of ritual Lord and want to come here because it's a custom Lord we want to come because it's a fountain of life and Lord that we can't live unless we get another drink of life from you this morning Lord we can't live, Lord, unless we get another taste of bread from you this morning, Lord, that this is what you mean to us, Lord. This is what your word means to us. And Lord, would you just help us, Lord, to surrender for this for this time, Lord, and may we see from that, Lord, just Lord, blessings that we just can't account for, Lord, in our lives and change, Lord. We just want to approach your your word now and with the the sanctity and and the holiness that it deserves. and we just love you, Lord. We just want to tell you that and we believe that you love us, Lord. But just help us to to make way for you this morning, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Let's read a scripture. If you have your Bibles or you want to turn in Psalms 37, two verses. Thank you, brother Daniel. Thank you, Dan. Brother Daniel Jr. as well, the musicians. Just a real inspired worship service this morning. How many feels his presence here with you this morning? Amen. And if you don't, you know, maybe just uh take another look around. Maybe just let him show you how mighty he is and let him show you how good he is. Psalms 37 verse 23 and 24 it reads like this. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and he delightth in his way. Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down. For the Lord upholdeth him with his hand. You may be seated as I turn to one more scripture if you want to turn or if you want to note it down. First Peter chapter 2. 1 Peter chapter 2, we'll read a first, let's see, five verses here, starting with verse 21. For even here unto were you called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that you should follow in his steps, who did no sin. We just heard that in the song a few moments ago about Jesus Messiah did no sin neither was guile found in his mouth who when he was reviled reviled not again. And if I just read this scripture I just want to say thank you to brother Dan as always for the invitation and um it's it's always a pleasure to come down and speak to the saints and the people here in in Tucson. Uh, I really do feel like it's a a family and I've just come to know uh some and maybe most of you and just a real love and I hope that comes through in the message that it it's more than just coming up here and repeating words or saying words, but it's a real love that I have for the people and um I hope that that comes across in the message. I certainly love brother Dan and his family and the church here and just um sorry I just want to calm my nerves a little bit. So, I just uh maybe I start talking a little bit, but I pray that the Lord would just come and help me this morning. And you know, the scripture is talking about Christ um leaving us an example. And if I look at the example that Christ leads, it uh it's a pretty high standard that Christ leaves for us to follow. Would you agree with that? Um, when I look at this and I look at the steps that I'm supposed to follow at as a human being in 2025, when somebody reviles against me, when somebody does something against me that's wrong, you know, if I had the spirit of Christ, I would not do wrong back to them. Amen. And, you know, maybe we don't maybe I don't do wrong back to them in my actions or with my my physical body, but I wonder if sometimes I think about it in my heart or in my mind about doing something back to somebody. But Christ led us gave us an example that even when he was reviled, he reviled not again. And when he suffered, and boy, we suffer, don't we? He threatened not, but committed himself to him that judges righteously, who his own self bear our sins in his body on the tree, that we being dead to sin should live unto righteousness, by whose stripes you were healed. For as you were sheep going astray, but are now returned unto the shepherd and bishop of your souls. And I think this first verse, if I if I maybe had a I don't know about a subject, I'm not real good at subject or titles, but just something I've been thinking about a lot lately is just about about footsteps in the Bible and about making progress and about moving forward. Not for the sake of moving forward, not for the sake of progress itself, but because that's what I believe that the Lord calls us to do. I'm going to set a I want to make sure that I should have set this I got a free two minutes there before setting a timer. You forgive me. All right. Uh I I believe that the Lord calls us to move forward. We hear about staying with the word. We we hear about always constantly staying with the word. Stay with the word. If the word that would seem like it would be easy to do except for the word is always moving. The word is always what you understood today may not be the same thing as tomorrow as the Lord unfolds that to you. As the Lord, you know, shows more of himself to you. I don't know if I look back, brother Dan, I was thinking about this. If I could know what I believed 10 years ago and maybe even what I spoke about 10 years ago, I probably wouldn't even agree with myself. Amen. I don't know about you. I don't know if maybe you could hear a conversation that you had with somebody and just outside of the church, maybe you had an opinion on something 10 years ago. Would you go back and would you agree with yourself now? But see, we because we grow and we learn and we gain more knowledge, we gain more experience and then thus our experience not only in the world in our daily lives, but I believe our experience with the Lord should also grow and it should also change and it should also move. Amen. And I think the Bible is calling us to make footsteps. And it says here in the scripture that the footsteps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. And and I love this scripture because it says uh this is an important part. Though you fall, I don't know if this is encouraging to you, but this is encouraging to me. The Bible's not saying if you're going to walk after the Lord, you're not going to fall. That's an impossible standard, and that's why it's not in the Bible. But what the Bible says is though you might stumble. That's what the translation of this. Though you might stumble, you will not fall to the ground. And why is that? Why is it that is it impossible for a son and daughter of God to really fall to the ground to be cast down? And it says it right at the end of the scriptures because the Lord has you with his hand. And he has you with his hand because he knows that you're going to fall. He knows you're going to stumble. He knows you're going to trip over your own ways, your own thoughts. You might trip over brother Dan's thoughts or mine or somebody else's words might cause you to stumble. But if you are the Lord's, he has you with his right hand. It's not going to be easy. You might you might hear something. You might see something that just I just don't understand that. I don't understand what the Bible means about that. I don't understand what the church said over here. But but watch the Lord come and say, "Okay, I know that you might stumble over this, but I have you in my hand." And that to me is a comfort. And and these steps that are ordered by the Lord, it's it's it's a couple ways to look at this in my opinion, you know, the footsteps are ordered by the Lord. So in one way to look at this, the Lord is is really commanding, he's ordering you that you need to take steps, that you need to move forward. But if you don't mind, I want to read you something that is uh that kind of gave me the basis for this thought. I hadn't planned on reading this, but I I'm going to this morning. This is something that I was just had these notes and my and my wife didn't know this and and she sent me this little this little snippet. I don't know who the author was, but she goes, "I just read this today. It was awesome." She didn't know what I was studying on and she sent it to me about a week and a half ago. Can I read this for you this morning? It says, uh, "God cannot order steps that you don't take." I don't know. Anybody ever been on the, uh, I'll just wait and see bench? Anybody ever sat on the B? Yeah, me too, brother Daniel. Anybody say, "I'm going to wait and see what the Lord is going to he's going to open a direction for me, and when I see that the Lord opens direction me, that's the direction I'm going to I'm going to take." But that's not how the Lord works. He does not order steps that you don't take. You're praying for direction while you're standing still. I again, I got to raise my hand. I pray for direction so many times. Lord, give me a direction. And when I see you give me a direction, I I promise you, Lord, I'll move in that direction. And the Lord is saying, I want you to move so that I can direct your steps. You're asking for clarity while avoiding obedience. You want God to light a path, but you won't leave the driveway. He said this this quote says that's it's again I don't know who the author is, but it says uh it would seem real inspired to me. He says that's not faith. Do we hear that? That's not faith. That's fear dressed in spiritual language. I'm afraid to move. I'm afraid to move forward. But I don't want to say that I'm afraid. I don't want to admit I'm afraid. So, I'll just say, "Lord, I'm waiting for a direction from you." Because that sounds It sounds pretty good, right? Sounds pretty good. But that is fear. I'm operating actually, I'm not really doing anything, Brother Daniel, but I'm I'm I'm operating in my mind off of fear and not off of faith. God is not in the business of steering parked cars. He's a God of movement and a God who meets you on the way, not just in the waiting. He orders steps, not stagnation. Because obedience, uh, excuse me, because obedience unlocks the next instruction. I'm waiting on an instruction from the Lord, but he already gave you one, and that was to obey him. That's right. And if I can't follow that one, and I'm waiting on number two, step number two, I haven't taken step number one yet. God didn't promise to order your imagination. He promised to order your steps. That means, it's real simple this morning. It means you've got to move. Even if it's trembling, even if it's shaky. I'll tell you this. Even if you stumble, he still has you with his hand. Amen. But how are you going to stumble, brother Daniel? How are you going to stumble so that the Lord can show you that he's got you in his hand if you're standing still? I I have never seen somebody trip and fall while standing still. I I I haven't seen it yet. If you're going to stumble, it means you got to be taking a step. And you know the Lord, it talks about in Revelations about this about this day and age. Now, I I know it's kind of hard to hear about your day and age when it's a when it's a negative thing, but the book of Revelations calls the Leoysian age, which we are in a lukewarm age. It's an age of comfort. It's an age of uh complacency. It's of an age of just staying where I'm at sometimes under the guise of I'm waiting on the Lord to show me where to go. And you know, Revelations, he would say, he says this in Revelations, you know, I would actually rather that you were cold or hot. And to me, when I hear this, I hear the Lord telling me, not not just telling you, Tucson Tabernacle, he's telling me, I would rather have you take a step in the wrong direction than to do nothing. I would rather have you step out and it just be in the opposite. I know we I think most of us want the will of the Lord. I think those of us that that seek the will of the Lord, that's what we want. We don't want to just walk off randomly and we just walk around. I I believe that our heart is sincere when we're asking for direction. I believe it's sincere. But I think sometimes that we we we have complacency and we have no movement because we're waiting on the on the movement of the Lord because we're afraid again going back to fear to take a step in the wrong direction. when the Lord is saying, "I'd rather you step in the wrong direction so that I can order your steps into my will." And I think that's the condition of this age. I don't want to be a part of this age. And I don't want to be in the condition of this age. I don't want to use the condition of Leoya as an excuse for my walk with the Lord. In fact, it's not a walk with the Lord unless you're taking steps and walking. I got to walk with the Lord. I you don't have a walk with the Lord unless you're walking. Even if it's in trembling, even if it's small, you don't have to take big steps. You just got to take a step. Even if it's unsure, he's not obligated to choreograph a life you refuse to participate in. And if you never lift your foot, listen now, this is just not we're talking about in the spiritual now. We're talking about decisions that we make in our lives. Amen. Decisions we make in our lives are steps. If you never lift your foot, there's nothing for him to guide. We say we trust him, but trust looks like motion. Anybody ever done a trust fall? I don't know if I want to experiment with that right now, brother Dan. Right? But you know what I'm talking about, right? You trust fall, you put your arms out. It's not a trust fall until you do what? until you you got to you got to you got to surrender all the way, right? It you might look back and you kind of stumble and put your hands out. That's not a trust fall. A trust fall doesn't happen until you fall. But you got to you got to commit to it. You got to commit to and now I don't know what it is for you because I think for every person it's different in their lives, whether it be in their natural lives, in their workplace. I'm not sure where the Lord has has got you at. I think we're in multiple places that we need to make decisions. might be in your personal life. It might be in your workplace. It might be in your church life. It might be you just you just met God and you're not sure what direction to take. Just take a step. And if you take a step with him on your mind, he's actually obligated. We're going to read here in a minute that he's actually obligated to guide you. Which I love. I love I just love when the Lord obligates himself because then it cannot fail. It can't fail. when he obligates himself, you know, if I obligate him, well, then it's kind of up to my faith and it's up to how good I'm But. But when he obligates himself, you know, it's going to happen with 100% short. I just want to finish this. It says, "Trust looks like starting the business or applying for a job or walking away from what's breaking you or saying yes to what scares you." Trust looks like taking steps even when the staircase isn't finished. the or the the Lord orders the steps of a good man. Now, let's just talk about that scripture for a minute. What is a good man? And if you think that you are a good man or a good woman, let's just start right there. I know this is so basic and this is just going to be real, this is gonna be real simple. That's just where I like to stay. Um, many men and women consider themselves to be good or good enough for the Lord to order their steps. And maybe because they don't do things that they consider wrong or things they consider sin. And there are a lot of people who don't consider themselves good. But I think the danger uh one of the dangers, you think there's not a danger of going to church, but there is a danger of going to church. One of the dangers of going to church and following the Lord is that you can become religious. And actually being religious is worse than being worldly. I don't know if you I don't know if you if that how that lands, but being religious is being is worse than being worldly. We'll talk about a couple of those issues in a minute here. Maybe maybe you agree, maybe you don't agree, but maybe by the end of this you might might see what I'm talking about. Maybe because we go to church or read our Bible or pray to God, I'm good and now the Lord can order my steps. But you know, as I read the Bible and I just read real simple the Bible, there's only one person who is ever qualified to be called good. We know who that was. All right. He's the only one who's ever lived in a body of flesh and never made a mistake and never did anything wrong and never sinned and never had a an evil thought. He's the only one. And when he in the Bible was called good because he was good. And when they said good master, he said, "Why do you call me good?" So the one person, think about this now, I think that we could learn from this. The one person who could be called good when he was called good said, "There's nobody good but the father." He refused to take on the title of good. proving to me that without the heavenly father living inside, there's not one person that's good. So if I want to have my steps ordered by the Lord, I cannot earn that. I cannot be good enough for that. I cannot come to church enough for that. I cannot uh write all the right things in my Bible or read enough scriptures for that. I can't even I can't even pray enough for me to be good. The only way that I can be good so that the Lord can order my steps is to let the one that is good inside. That's so simple. It's just a simple basic message. But that is what I believe the Lord wants us to know. And he wants us not only to know, but he wants us to put into action. Not just say, "Oh Lord, I believe that now. Would you just come inside and and then when you come inside, I'll take a step." But that's not what the Lord says. No, no. Take a step towards me and I'll guide you. Take a step towards the cross and watch the cross take a step towards you. Lord, he says, "Come unto me. Pick up your cross and follow me." And that's not easy. I I we were just talking about this yesterday. It's not easy to pick up your cross. Jesus himself couldn't carry his cross and he dropped it and it fell. and someone asked it's not an easy thing to pick up your cross but he says pick up your cross take a step towards me I'll take a step towards you the only way you can be good enough and you know if you don't feel if you don't feel like your steps are ordered by the Lord anybody ever feel that way that you don't your life doesn't feel like the Lord has control of it fully I think it's time to start checking the good man and see if that good man is really in the pilot's seat or do I just let him in when things are going real real bad and then things are going real real good. I take over again. I didn't plan to say any of that, so we're just going to keep moving forward. All right, I been about 15 minutes. I want to give you some some some examples in the Bible. Would that be okay? I know this is real dry. This isn't a this isn't a big hurrah message, but um for for me, it's like this is I just want to I just want to take a step in the Lord. I just want to move forward with the word. That's what I want to move forward. these uh praise the Lord. These steps are ordered by the Lord and he directs you. Let's just let's just uh change gears. He directs you in the way that he wants you to go. And I want to tell you, and I think you know this, a lot of you are older than me and have been walking this way with the Lord a lot longer. Um and you could probably back me up on this. Brother Arie has does he always direct you in the way that you want to go? No. In fact, I would say it's hardly ever in the way that I want to go. It almost always looks the opposite of the way that I think I should go. Even when my goal is to improve my life with Christ and improve my Christian walk with him, I'll say, "This is the direction I think I need to move, and I'm going to take a step." And then the Lord just takes me and like just turns me this way. But that's what he promised to do. And actually, that is a good thing when he does that because that means it's like, "Hey, you're doing okay." You know, maybe he looks down at the footsteps of your life and your footsteps just look like this. But if they lead to him, then he's ordered them. And at the end of the road, where do those steps lead to? Though they might have went over here, and they might have went over here because I had control. But where did they end up? That's the place that matters. The children of Israel, they were led by the Lord. So what they would do, and I think you know this, but let's just go over it real quick. They would set up a camp. So they've left Egypt, and they would set up a camp. They'd have a tent. They'd build a tabernacle. Just I'm sure it it wasn't easy. They set it up just exactly and then they would camp around it. And as they camped around it, every morning they would walk outside and what the Bible says happened is that the that the cloud, the pillar would be resting on top of the tabernacle and saying, "This is where I want you to stay." And I think it says sometimes it would be days, weeks, months, and even years. They would stay in one place and they'd walk outside every morning. They would look up and they would see the cloud over the tabernacle. Okay, we're going to be here another day. I'm going to go about my business. I'm going to go take care of my flocks. I'm going to go gather some mana. I'm going to go look after my family. We're here for another day. But one day they would walk out of the tent and the pillar of fire was moving. And it doesn't matter now you could say, okay, now this is the children of Israel, but this is picture us in our own lives now. It doesn't matter how comfortable they were. They might have been in the greenest spot with the best grass and their flocks are just they're prospering and they're like, "Man, I really like it here. I really like it. It's beautiful right here." When that cloud started moving, it was time to pack up and it was time to go. I think sometimes I get a little bit comfortable in church. I get a little too comfortable with my worship. I get a little bit too comfortable in my daily life. Oh Lord, I pray to you, but it's, you know, it's exactly 15 minutes or exactly 30 minutes or exactly 5 minutes. I read x amount of scriptures every sometimes I just get a little bit comfortable. And if I'm not careful, I fall into a lukewarm condition. And a lukewarm condition is not always uh it's not always that you're not doing things for the Lord and that you're doing bad things. It means that you're just doing things that are comfortable to you. So we think about the lukewarm condition is like, oh well that's somebody's just kind of wishy-washy and they're just kind of No, no, no. It might be somebody that's super dedicated. They might read their Bible every day. They might pray every day. They might make every church service without fail. But if it's done out of comfort, if it's done out of repetition, if it's done out of ritual, then it's a lukewarm condition. And I'm not saying to not do those things. I'm saying, Lord, have I I'm saying maybe we could ask the Lord, Lord, have I actually taken a step with you recently? Or am I have I taken steps and then I came to a camp? I came to a point where you did something for me. I know you did something for me. I see the Holy Spirit. I see what you've done, but now I've kind of set up camp there. There's another example of this we'll read in a minute. Every day they'd walk out and they look and and and it doesn't matter. It just it doesn't matter how comfortable they were. They packed up and they followed the Holy Spirit. Footsteps ordered by the Lord. They didn't even know where they were going. They didn't know the next place they were going to stop and camp, but they went because the Lord said to watch the Lord just ordering more steps. I I wanted to talk about Abraham a little bit. Abraham called out by the Lord. He was called out of his father's house by the Lord. You know, if you actually look into Abraham's life, Abraham was wealthy. You know, he was not called out of a bad life. He was called out of a comfortable life. He was rich. He was just living in his father's tents until he was 75 years old. Talk about somebody living at home a little bit too long, right? He was in 2025. Brother Dan, we can say he was No, you I wasn't talking about you. You still got another You still got another 50 something years. You're good. If in 50 years you're still at home, Brother Dan and I will we'll be we'll be getting together, but that's okay. He in 2025, he was like in he was in his dad's basement. Now, I don't mean to talk about Abraham that way, but that's what the Bible says. He was in his father's house. He was rich. He was comfortable. didn't have need of anything. And the Lord said, "Okay, you're going to have to leave all that behind. Leave all the family behind." Is that a hard one to do? There's someone in here that know exactly what I'm talking about. Leave all the family behind. Leave the comfort of home behind. And I'm going to call you unto a place. And the Bible says, "I'm going to call you into a place you've never been to before." Now, what did Abraham have to do? Now, he didn't do things the right way. This is why I love the story of Abraham. Some Sometimes Abraham is preached on. and he's talked about and he's put on this pedestal which which he's the father of the faith, don't get me wrong, but he's put on this pedestal of something that I feel like I can't obtain. And I really think if you read through the Bible and you read through the story of Abraham, it's very attainable. It's very attainable. Like like Abraham makes a lot of mistakes, but I love I love that at the end of the Bible, it doesn't talk about Abraham's mistakes. It just says he he didn't even You know what I love is that he he he actually stumbled so many times. Let's I'll just read through him a few times. He stumbled so many times. But at the end of the Bible, it says he never stumbled. That's what it says. It said he staggered not at the promises of God. But I we'll read right here in the Bible where he staggered. But yet what God saw of him and what God inspired a writer to write down, he said he never even staggered one time. Because when God now when you see your steps, I I tell you when I look back, even if listen, if you could look back, maybe somebody just took a first step into this church, you might look back and see that step and it's just all over the place. Maybe you've been here 10 years and you can look back and see those steps and they're just going like this. But when God see those steps, they're exactly the way he wants them because they're ordered. Because he knows the end. And he might look at you and you might think you are all over the place, brother Aaron. All the things that you've done wrong and all the mistakes you made, but when God looks at your steps, he goes, "Oh, my son Aaron." Yeah. He's never staggered one time. Never even staggered one time. Thank God for that. Because if I was in charge of writing my own part in the Bible over there in Hebrews, it would be like he was all over the place. He failed here. He did this wrong. He thought this. He was reviled and he reviled again. Yep. He suffered and he made somebody suffer for his suffering. But thank God he writes the final chapter of my life and your life. Abraham, he starts to take steps. He's called out by the Lord. So he's he, you know, maybe you could say it was like his first day in church. He was called out by the Lord. Oh man, this feels good. I love it. This is new. I I love this. And then one chapter later, you see him in Egypt. Oh, wait a minute. I thought the Lord called him out. He called him into a promised land. In the very next chapter, we see him down in Egypt. I I asked you, what was he doing in Egypt? It wasn't doing anything good. In fact, when he went down to Egypt, he lied. First thing he did when he got there, hey, wait a minute. Okay, you're my wife, but I need you to lie and say that you're my sister, and I'm going to lie and say you're my sister. And you know, really, if you look at that, uh, if you look at Abraham on Earie's life, he wasn't actually trying to protect Sarah, right? He's trying to protect himself. That's what it says. He goes, "They are going to look upon you and if I'm married to you, they're going to kill me. He was he had himself to me when I read the Bible, I see, okay, that's a lot of stumbling. That's a lot of mistakes." And that's why it's encouraging to me. And that's why the faith of Abraham is attainable to me. But you know what he was always doing? He was always moving sometimes the wrong direction right down into Egypt where he didn't belong. But he was moving, you know, right before he went into Egypt. I know this is a little bit slow, but I I I think maybe we just stay right here in this part if you're okay. So I think right before he went down to Egypt, he came out of his father's house and he built an altar and he worshiped the Lord. But then you see him down in Egypt and he and he's down there for a time and he and he tells some lies and he does some things wrong. And then the Lord directs his steps and and he says, "I need to keep moving." You know what he does? He comes back to where he built the altar. And I want to ask you, have you ever been to a place where he built an altar to the Lord? And if you if if you're confused what I mean by that, I mean, has the Lord ever really truly done something for you that you remember? Amen. And if he's really I I would encourage you. I I don't know how you would build an altar. Maybe if I asked myself, how do you build an altar into the Lord in in today's day? We're not going to maybe form a pile of rocks, although maybe that would help you. But how do I build an altar to the Lord? If I'm in a church service or I I'm going to I'm in a prayer service or I'm at home and praying and the Lord does something for me, maybe through somebody else. How do I remember that? You know, you have some blank pages in your Bible and if I just had a suggestion for you, I would fill up those blank pages with some altars. You say, "You know what? On such such today, I have some in my Bible where the Lord did some things for me." I write them down. I say, "Lord, you did this for me today, and I don't want to forget about this." And you might say, "I'll never forget about this." But you know what? There's a lot of there's a lot of trials coming your way. And sometimes it's hard to remember exactly what it was that the Lord did for you. And then you got the other side of it. You got the adversary coming to you and saying, "He didn't do that for you." You just imagine that was a really good thing. Now that you're here, you realize that's that's not that great. He's going to be right there in your ear just whispering to you. I know he is because he does it to me. That wasn't really the Lord. You just imagined that. That was just a good feeling. Uh, may you were in a good service. It was good, but it was just a feeling. But look at you now. Look at all the stuff you do wrong. You're down in Egypt. You said that the Lord brought you out. You said that the Lord did something for you, but now you're down in Egypt, and you're lying again. See, I told you you weren't his seed. That's what he's telling Abraham. But Abraham had an altar. He had an altar built. And he had an altar built that said, "This altar is to signify that the Lord called me out of my old life." Amen. And when I'm in trouble, I'm going to come back to this altar. It's still there. Now, he built a physical altar. I'm going to come back and I'm going to worship at this altar and I'm going to pray at this altar. This is the altar that you can't take me past. And I think maybe you just note it in your Bible. I just giving you suggestions. It's not it's not a thus sayaith the Lord type of thing. I note in your Bible, this is what the Lord has done for me on this day. He did this and nothing. Put down there. Write it down. Don't let yourself talk you out of this five years from now. Don't let the devil tell you something a year from now that this wasn't real. This is real. Come back to that altar. If you now, now listen. What's the danger of an altar is that you stay there. And if you notice, read through Abraham's life. Read through Jacob's life. He built altars, too. But he didn't stay where the altar was at. You know what he did? He moved forward. Because I think I think sometimes I've been a little guilty of the Lord doing something for me and I and I make an altar and then I just stay there and I worship at the altar and two years go by and the Lord's like, "Have you made any progress?" I'm like, "Lord, I'm right here at that thing that you did for me." And the Lord's like, "I did it for you, but not so you could stay there." Yes. Amen. Not so you could just sit right there at that altar. I did that thing for you. That is from me. That's a testimony. Tell a testimony. Tell people about what I did for you. But I need you to take some steps. I need you to move on. Now, if you get lost, if you find yourself in Egypt, you can come back to that altar cuz I did that thing for you. But that altar, the altar to God is not God. Can I say that again? The altar to the Lord that you build is not the Lord. It's just a reminder of the things that he's done for you, in case you get lost a little bit. In case you start taking steps and the steps are wrong, he can bring you right back to that altar. But that altar that Abraham built was not because if you read through Abraham, I I I I give you a I just some homework. Go read through the story of Abraham and watch the altars that he built, including the one he was going to sacrifice his own son on. But he didn't stay in those places. He comes back to it uh after after going off and kind of wandering over here into Egypt. And I want to tell you, you can come back to that altar. Just just make an altar to the Lord. You can come back. I don't care if the devil tells you you can't go back. You you you can't be that person. You've messed up too badly. No, you haven't. Can I tell you? You have not messed up too badly for the Lord. You might have stumbled, but you were not utterly cast down. If somebody, even if it's your own, Listen, I love this. We're going to get to something. Even if it's your own self, Daniel, that's telling you that you're no good, don't listen to that person either. It's not always the devil. It's not always the devil. Sometimes it's my own thoughts. My own heart says, "Oh, you're not good enough to be a Christian. You're not good enough to be a believer. You're not good enough to be even in the same sentence as Abraham. You are not because I said so, but because God said so. And then God obligated himself. Let's read about it. He says, "The Lord made a the Lord made a covenant with man." So if let's just go over what a covenant is. Would that be okay? I don't care if we don't even get any farther than this. Let's go over what a covenant is. Brother, uh, let's say I make a deal with brother Lyle. I make an agreement with brother Lyall. This is how it would work in the Bible days. And I think we all know this, but if you don't know this, it's okay. Let's learn it right now. This is how it worked in the Bible that when they made a covenant with each other, they would take some animals. Now, let's say, Brother Laauo, I tell you, I'm going to sell you my car, and you tell me you're going to buy my car. What what what they would do is they would take animals, the the poor animals, but they had to be part of this. And they would cut them. They cut them into pieces. They take a a heer, and they take a ram, and they take a goat, and they they cut them into pieces, and they make a pile over here, and they make a pile over here. And then brother Lyle and I would we would walk together between the piles of animals. And what that would signify is if I don't sell him my car or he doesn't pay me, let it be done to us what was done to those animals. That's what a covenant meant. It was serious. It wasn't just it was more than just a handshake deal. If you didn't keep your word, there was a consequence to you not keeping your word. May it be done to me what was done to those animals if I don't keep my word. to brother Lao or if he doesn't keep his word to me. That's a covenant. You know, God made those with man. You know, he made one with Adam in the beginning. He said, "Adam, you I'm this is what I'm going to do for you and here's what you need to do." And Adam failed and he didn't keep his side of it. And then he makes one with Israel. Now, now he didn't want, let me tell you this, he didn't want to make this covenant with Israel. Israel wanted this covenant. He called Israel out and he said, "Look, I will be your God. I will take care of you. I will clothe you. I will feed you. I will do everything for you. Just walk in my way." And now Israel, Israel made uh I think it's called the biggest mistake they've ever made. And that's what they wanted a covenant with God that says, "God, I want you to do something and I want to do something back." Now, that sounds good. If you're just if you're in church and you and maybe that just sounds good to you. Wait a minute. Well, so if you mean if I'm going to serve the Lord, I'm going to do something for the Lord and then the Lord's going to do something back for me. That sounds like a pretty good arrangement. Here's the problem is that the part that you have to keep, you will never keep. Unless you think that you're good. And if you think that you're good, you already have a problem. You've already not kept part of the covenant. You and I cannot keep a covenant with the Lord. Do you realize that we cannot keep a covenant with the Lord? We might be able to make a small little promise that we know we can fulfill, but I'm talking about a lifelong covenant with the Lord. We cannot keep that. And so when the Lord comes to Abraham, I love this. This is again, it should be encouraging. He comes to Abraham. Um I think it's in I I'll tell you the chapter in a minute. So he makes a covenant with him and he says, "Here's the animals. Split them apart. Put a pile over here. Put a pile over here." And Abraham does it. And then the Lord says, "Now you're going to go to sleep." And Abraham sleeps. And that evening, as he sleeps next to the pile of the animals that he cuts, the Bible says a flame, a torch walked between the animals. Abraham did not wake up and walk between the animals. The covenant that the Lord made with Abraham involved one person, the Lord. Amen. He did not make it dependent on Abraham, Abraham's faith, Abraham's goodness, Abraham's works, Abraham's anything. He said, "This covenant is going to be dependent on me, the Lord, because I can keep the covenant. It doesn't matter what you do. It doesn't matter how you live. I if I'm the only person involved in this covenant, I can keep this covenant." And the Bible says he swear by himself. What a person to swear by. The Lord swore by his own self that that covenant would not be broken. In fact, he said, "Let it be done to me like these animals if I don't keep my word." And the Lord is more than able to keep his word. And so, I I I don't know if you've ever heard this before, and I'm sure we have, but have you ever heard that the Lord's forgiveness and the Lord's love is unconditional? I want to tell you, it's unconditional. that that that you're never ever too low or too dirty or too vile or too filthy for the Lord to come and save and the Lord to come because he didn't swear by your goodness and your works. You'll have the devil to come in and tell you, "Oh, you're just not good enough for the Lord. You're too you've done too many wrong things for the Lord to really save." He only saves people who are right on the verge of goodness. But that would be the case if you had made a covenant with the Lord and you had a part to maintain. Then you would have to be worried about what you did. You'd have to be worried about what you look like. You'd have to be worried about your life. But when you accept now listen the the covenant to the Lord for the from the Lord to you is unconditional. It's it's in whatever condition you are right at this moment. He says I give you this covenant. Now where is the condition come in? on your acceptance of that forgiveness to you is unconditional. He'll forgive no matter how bad you are, no matter how vile you are, no matter how to him it would be filthy, he'll forgive you. In fact, he already has done that. That covenant has already been made with you, but you have to accept it. And and Abraham's faith was not so Abraham could live a good life. His whole faith of the faith of Abraham that we hear about was all in accepting the covenant of the Lord. He's called the father of the faith because his faith, no matter how many times he stumbled, and let me tell you, he stumbled. I tell you, he went down to Egypt, but then later on he says, uh, you know, he his his nephew Lot goes out and gets captured by by an army. He goes goes and and Abraham's going to go and get him back. read the Bible about what Abraham says. You know what he says? Uh he says to the king after he conquers him. He says, "Now give me back my goods." Oh, and also, yeah, give me lot too. His priority when he was younger was not good. He didn't He was like, "Give me my stuff back." Oh, also, yeah, I'll take lot too. He He You know why? Because he was growing in the Lord. Abraham was growing in the Lord. But if you see him later on, he's concerned about Lot. He's concerned. He goes and stands above the hill of Sodom and Gomorrah. And now things don't matter anymore to Abraham because he's taken steps and the Lord has grown him. He now people matter to him. Before people didn't matter to him. Oh, I guess I'll take a lot too, but give me my stuff back. But Abraham constantly taking steps in the Lord. And the Bible says that the covenant that he made with Abraham that day is not just in Galatians 3:29. He says it's not just for Abraham, but it's for his seed after him. If you be Christ's then are you Abraham's seed and heirs according to the promise. That means every single promise made to Abraham is also for his seed. And if you recognize that covenant, I think it actually changes your footsteps. Amen. Because before you're taking footsteps in your footsteps look like this. H how do I how do I get some grace from the Lord? How do I how do I get some mercy from the Lord? How do I how do I worship him the right way? And I I'm not I'm not I'm not mocking these ideas. I think they're good for us to be conscious of the Lord and what he wants. But if you don't know, take a step. You say, "I don't know how to pray to the Lord." You know that a bad a bad prayer is better than no prayer. Maybe you just got to take a piece of paper and write it down. Just write it down. You know, that's better than going, "I don't really know how to pray, so I don't pray." A bad step, what we would think is a bad step, is better than no step at all. Because now he can order it. Now he can say, "I'm going to show you exactly how to do that thing that you're doing." And I know he's going to do it because he made a covenant that he would do it. Now, people around the country thought that Abraham had lost his mind. Did you know that? He says he's going to have a baby. They thought he was crazy. But Abraham just kept moving forward. You gonna have it? How you feeling today, Sarah? I feel the same. Praise the Lord. Another step. Another step. 25 years of just making steps. Sometimes, brother Dan, sometimes I get tired after like a week, two months waiting on the Lord, three months waiting on the Lord, couple days waiting on the Lord for an answer. Abraham waited 25 years. But what did he believe in? The covenant. And watch him make mistakes. He tried to bring the promise to pass by his own means through the handmade. When I w when I read that, I'm like, "Okay, uh, he staggered." And I go back to the end of the Bible. Nope, he didn't stagger. It It's a paradox. But the Lord, see, the Lord, this is what I love is God is not, if he makes a covenant with you and you accept that covenant, he's not even going to let you mess it up. He's not even going to let me mess it up. When I would mess up, he says, "No, no, no. I made a covenant. It cannot fail." So, I'm not even going to let you mess it up. So, when you do wrong, I'm not even going to see that. No, I'm not advocating that we go and do wrong. That's that somebody, you could take this and go this extreme direction. I'll just live however I want to and the Lord's just going to wink at it. What you're saying is you're not really a son of God. You're not really a daughter of God. You're not really a seed of Abraham. Abraham did what the Lord wanted him to do and he made mistakes along the way. Amen. Let's just keep moving forward. You might say and you might say, you know, like I've already failed. Like you you're telling me this sermon, but I've already messed up. And and I'm just telling you just look at look at the life of Abraham. And and I'm telling you that what Abraham gained through his life is attainable for you. And and I think that that Satan attacks us on that point. And maybe we'll just I'll try to bring this to a close. The other way that Satan attacks you. There's two ways I think that he attacks you. And one of them is this. That you are good enough to be called a child of God. Now, this attack comes, I'm going to say, for the most part, on people who have been in church for a good amount of time, maybe even like me who just grew up going to church. That's who that I don't want to use the word veteran, but if I understand if I say veteran, do you know what I'm talking about? Like somebody who's been around church or been around a church life for a while, that's the attack they have to face. The attack they have to face is that you are good enough to be called a child of God. Well, I've been sitting in a pew and I've been doing this for so and so long. We don't say these things, but sometimes with our attitude, we look at somebody who hasn't been doing that as long as us and saying, "Well, they're not good enough. You need to be living the kind of life that I'm living." And you are not, you know, that that's a battle. And and I'm going tell you that if you're not in a battle, you have a big problem. So I'm telling you about two battles that you should be in. One or one or both. But if you have no battle, I think that there's a problem. And I think the problem is you might be standing still. But that's for another time. So you are good enough. You are righteous enough to be called the child of God through your works. um that your works and your deeds and your sacrifice and your preaching and your worship and your singing and your attendance and your and your prayer life and your Bible life all good things they are worthy for you to be called a child of God. You say that doesn't sound like a battle but the problem with that battle is is that you and if and I if I do this I have made myself part of the covenant with God and it's dependent on my actions. See, what I've done is I've actually by saying that I'm good enough, I have actually refused the covenant of God that he made with himself and I've say, "I'd like to enter a new covenant with you, God, like Israel did. And I'd like this covenant to be between me and you, and I want something to do with it. Look at the good things I do. Look at the Look at Lord, look at where you brought me from and look where I'm at today. I I'm not that person that But the Lord doesn't want that because you can't keep it. You and I can't keep it. And if you're if you're not if you're if you get confidence in yourself and not confidence in him, you'll start to want that covenant with him. And I think that's one battle. And and I just think about something so simple that the Bible says he'll clothe you with his righteousness. Amen. How can he clothe you with his righteousness when you're already clothed? With your own. You got to come to him with nothing. With nothing. And I don't mean I did that, brother, at the beginning of my walk. No. No, every day I have to come to him with nothing so that he can clothe me. And the other way I think Satan attacks you is the opposite side. That you're too low and you're too filthy and that anybody ever been told by the devil you've sinned away your day of grace. Okay, so that's a battle. You're in a battle. He's told me that. He's told me that a lot. You have sinned. You are not what you say that you are. You're not this. You're no good. You say you have Christ. You say that you've accepted salvation. You say you believe in the cross. You say these things, but then you go out and make mistakes and you go out and do this thing. And then you and and then somebody did something to you and you and even in your mind, you did something back to them. And then you know, somebody like me gets up here and reads a scripture. Well, if you're reviled against, you're reviled not. And sometimes Satan uses as an opportunity to come and go, see, you're not that thing he's talking about. Has he done that to you? You're not that type of Christian he's talking about. You're a failure. you're no good. But I can I can tell you that you I if it's dependent on you, you are a failure. Can we just say it just simply and plainly? If it's dependent on you and I, then you know what? It is a failure. It's as good as it's as good as done. But there was a covenant made that has nothing to do with me. All I have to do is accept this. And if you happen to be in the position, you say, "I don't have either one of those battles," then you have the first battle. I just want to tell you that if if you think you don't have, you know, none of those applied to me, the first one applied. And I just want to say because I've had the I've had the thought, Brother Aaron, where I was like, "Oh, man. I'm I'm I'm doing pretty good." It's It's rare. It's rare. and it's been for a moment and then I get humbled real real quick. But if you don't have if you don't think these battles apply, I think it might be the first battle. It's time to go check the good man again. I let's just let's just kind of come to a close here. I if you want to know if your footsteps are ordered by the Lord. Yes, you can look at your life and you can look at all the things you do and say, "Lord, have you ordered my footsteps?" Let's look at Abraham. Abraham lied about Sarah and called her called her his sister. And then he went through a a great period with the Lord where the Lord gave him a sign of circumcision. all these things in the Bible that we don't have time to go over. Then the Lord gave him a covenant that just just with the Lord, this is after Abraham had done wrong. And then uh the Lord himself in flesh came down. You know that God created a body and came down and had lunch with Abraham. I mean what a place to be. And we we look at that and we go, man, I don't think I could ever attain that. Like I'm so full of mistakes, right? So he he and then he has his name changed. He has his name changed to what the Lord wanted his name to be. And then he stands on a hill looking over Sodom. And he he he typifies not only does he typify the bride who's not going through the tribulation down there in Sodom, but he also typifies Jesus Christ who is saying an intercessor position saying, "If there only be a hundred, don't don't do anything to them." He actually takes on the intercessor part of Christ that says, "Look, if there just be if there be 20, don't destroy that city." Though the city was vile. If there'd be 10, don't destroy that city. And I'll tell you, Christ took it a step further. He said, "If there'll only be one in this church right now today, who will not bow, I'll come and I'll die." That's the spirit of Christ. Are you that one? There's one. There's two. Are you that one that Christ says, "If there just be one in Tucson Tabernacle, I'll go I'll be torn apart like those animals so that they can be saved." You know, you know, in that covenant God made that Jesus was actually the one torn apart so that you and I could be partakers of that covenant. That before we enter into that, before we can accept it, the blood from his son is how Jesus doesn't see what you're doing. But what does that take? That takes you putting it under the blood. That's why it's not a carefree life of sin. It's not a carefree life of this. It's it's a serious thing when you really have to come before the Lord and put it under the blood. So, he's standing up on the hill. And so, just imagine your life now. Imagine you if you had met God. You sat down and you had lunch with God. And then you stand with God and you're interceding. You're actually negotiating with God for the lives of other people. I mean, you you'd probably consider yourself kind of up here, right? And then one chapter later, he goes down into another place and lies again about his wife. Same lie that he did when he had started off. And I just want to ask you, have you ever done it again? Have you ever done it again? Have you ever had the Lord take you to a place where you believe that you're free from something and then you do it again? Amen. You ever you ever communed with God, whether it be in your prayer life, whether it be in a service, and you know that he heard you and you know that you saw him and you know that he did something for you. You know he changed you. Like Abraham had your name changed. You know that he's come in and done a work in your life and then you do it again. The thing that you battle, you do it again. And it's not discouraging to me when I read about Abraham doing it again. It's encouraging. Because sometimes, brother Dan, I've done it again. You say, you've done it again and I'll do it again. Why? Because I'm a failure. And when I try to enter a covenant with God as a failure, but I fall onto the mercy. I fall onto the grace. And and I trust I there is not a time I hope I hope we never in our Christian life get to a place where we think, "Okay, God, you can let go of me now. I can walk. I can't do it. I I can't do it." And there's not a man or woman that I have met that can do it. There are good people. There are there are people who are so solid in what they believe and their faith is incredible and there but I know that if the Lord lets go, they're going to fall because that covenant cannot be dependent on you. It cannot be dependent on me. It cannot be dependent on our good man. And I I don't think that it's I think that because of the way the world is and the way that sometimes even even church culture is I I'm just saying this. I don't have a plan to say this. I just want to say this the way the Lord wants it said. I think because of church culture that it's looked on as a weakness to be helped by the Lord. It's looked on as a well, you don't have faith or you don't have this or you're not the kind of Christian because the Lord has to continually have his hand on you. That is wrong. That's wrong. That is not what we should be teaching in the church. And I'm just saying churches. I'm just saying churches. I'm I'm not not saying that's taught here. I don't believe that's taught here. But I'm saying that there is a there's the wave of of of confidence put into people that doesn't belong there. If I the moment I have a confidence in myself, I I'm I have missed something. I'm in a battle that I don't want to be in. The confidence has to be in that covenant that he made. The confidence has to be in the blood of his son that he tore apart for me. That's where the confidence has to be. If it's in me, I guarantee you I will go wrong. I could not guarantee anything more than that. That if the confidence that I have is in my works, it's in my goodness, it's in my ability. And you know what that is? That's a religious spirit. And that's why it's worse to be religious than it is to be in the world. Because then at least if you're in the world and you're living a life that maybe you don't like or that you're not proud of, at least you can turn to the Lord and say, "Lord, I need you." But if you're living a religious life, you know how hard it is to turn to the Lord and say, "I need you." Because the religious life is, "I already have you and I'm good." That's what the religious spirit is. Is that I already have the thing that I need and I'm good to go. Instead of every single day saying, "Lord, it's not on me. It's not on me, Lord. I did it again. I'm coming back to the covenant again. And maybe you got to come back. Now, I don't believe in I don't believe in I don't think it's a good thing that if you have to keep coming to the altar of the Lord over and over and over again for the same time. I think maybe maybe you never left it. Maybe steps aren't being taken. But if you have to come back to that altar, come back to the altar and say, "Lord, I don't know what I'm doing. I've done wrong. I've gone out here and I've done something I shouldn't have done, but I built an altar right here. That one day, that one day, whatever it was, you did something for me. And I don't know where else to go, but I'm going to come back here. Will you help me? And that's something that a religious thing when it gets on you doesn't allow you to do. It says you are good the way that you are. You deserve to be called a child of God. Look at your works. Look at all the Lord's brought you through. Forgetting that it was the Lord that brought you through it and had nothing to do with you. All I did was accept it. That's all I did. Like the simple I just accepted it. Now that you know what? Accepting it takes faith. That's the faith that Abraham because you're going to look, if you're really being honest, you're going to look in the mirror and you're say there's no way the Lord made a covenant with that thing. I hope that's how we look in the mirror. in the in in the re in the re in the mirror of the word. I'm looking Yeah, I'm looking pretty good. Pretty good Christian. That's not where I want to be. I want to look in the mirror of the word and say, "Lord, without you, I'm lost." Without you, I don't care if I've been walking this way my whole life. Without you, I'm lost. And I can look back on Abraham's life and that's what I see. And I I I don't know if I could just tell you this, but we'll close if you want to come, brother Daniel and you musicians, but just stay with what the word says and know that the word is always moving. It's always unfolding. It's always opening itself up more so that we continue to move with it. Now, there's more that could be said on that, but we'll just I think I think for time's sake, maybe that's that's sufficient. But I I could just I just want to encourage you to not be afraid to take a step. Maybe that could boil down the whole message of this. Even if it's the wrong step and you find yourself in Egypt, take a step. fall back on the covenant that the Lord's made with you and and and made with himself really and just accept it and watch him order your steps. They might be like this. They might be all over the states, but where do they lead at the end? And just a I think just a real simple message, but I have forgotten to do this so many times and I've concentrated on these big things and I've I've made serving the Lord so overwhelming. You ever feel that? It's so overwhelming. It shouldn't be overwhelming. It's simple. Take him at his word. He said he's going to do it. He made a covenant. [Music] It's time for the trust fall. It's time to commit to that trust fall and say, "Lord, I can't do this. I I cannot do this. I need you to catch me. And Lord, if it cost me my life, so be it." That's the kind of steps he can order. That's when he can start to work is when I have that attitude. And I don't just say it because it sounds good, but I do it. I'm standing before you today because I'm going to take a step even towards something I don't think that I want to do and like to do, but I'm going to I'm just going to take a step for in the Lord. Let the Lord direct the rest. Let him take over. Amen. I think I think that's I think I'm done. Brother Daniel, thank you. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Reach
