################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-02 - Worship Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-02
Title:    Worship: Lyle Johnson
Speaker:  Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8raj5xcxJeE
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, October 1st, 2025 7PM. Brother Lyle Johnson continues our series on praise and worship.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
was lost and unknown without God or his son when he reached down his hand. Sarah, if you make your way up me one more time. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me, [Music] I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] [Music] my treasure and follow the road [Music] in mind. [Music] I left some hearts who loved me so strong. But I had no treasures to find. [Music] Treesures were wasted and pleasures I tasted were bitter to me. At the end [Music] when I saw I woke up and thought I heard a sweet voice on the wind. [Music] All is forgiven. Come home. All is for [Music] your father's anxious waiting and watching the room. All is forgiven. Come home. And if you are wondering more than you found and greener call you stray on the road leading There is someone who love forever. He's the essence of mercy and grace. Sweet voice speak. [Music] hear and you hear him say, "All is for [Music] all is for your father's anxiously waiting and watching the road. All is forgiven. Come home. Come home. Come home. Ye who are weary come your father's anxiously waiting and watching the room all for come home Jesus is waiting Sing home see that that young man that had left home and had wasted all his living and he said in my father's house the servants do better than I am. He said, "I'll just go back and tell him, I'm not worthy to be your son. Just make me one of your servants." But you know, his father was looking down the road. When he comes home, I'll be waiting for him. Sometimes we think, "I just can't do it. I'm not good enough." No. The father says, "Come, come, oh weary. Come." Amen. And because of that, we can sing, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me blessed ally. [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. For he has done great things. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. For he has done for he has done great things. [Music] He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he has done great things. Has he done great things? Amen. Has done great things. [Music] He has done great things. Bless his holy name, Brother Jordan. Brother Tim sent a text that they were running late. Is that that door open on the side there? Thank you. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. For the thing he has done with his blood he has saved me. By his power he has raised me. To God be the glory for the thing he has done. Go up to God be the glory. To God be the glory. To God be the glory for the things he has done. With his blood he has saved me. By his power he has raised me. To God be the glory for the things he has done. Just play that one more time. Take time to thank him for that. Just express it in your way for the great things he has done. Tell him, "Lord, I love you. Lord, I appreciate you. [Music] With his blood he has raised me. By his power he has raised me. To God be the glory for the things he has done. Amen. For great things he has done. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He woke me up this morning with life. He woke woke me up this morning with joy. Without him, where would we be? We can give him praise. We can give him honor. Say, "Thank you, Lord, for being so good to me." Amen. As our brother Ly prepares to come out this evening, he uh you know, sometimes he might might not know what a a minister or brother goes trying to prepare if he's if he really wants to share not what he thinks, but what God wants. And he sent a couple of songs that he would like sung. And then he also said, "Can you pray for me? I just can't seem to find what what which way to go." And so those of us that know that say, "Lord, help him because I've been there, too." But God always comes through. He He let us know today. He said, "It's come together." So appreciate that. Let's stand. Amen. Amen. Worthy. Worthy, [Music] worthy. The lamb that was slain, worthy. Yes. Worthy. Worthy. The lamb that was slain. One more time. [Music] He's worthy. He's worthy. [Music] Worthy. The lamb that was slain. [Music] Worthy is the lamb that was slain. [Music] Yes. Worthy, worthy is the lamb that was slain. that that by his blood as we sang in the just the previous song that his blood saved us. How is that even possible? How is that possible? We'll talk about that tonight. Thank you so much. Good evening. Tonight we continue our look at praise and worship. The series began four weeks ago when brother Josiah AO brought us a lesson on the overall theme of praise and worship. A week later, we had a lesson on praise, focusing on Jacob's fourth son, Judah, whose name means praise. We looked at how Jesus could be considered of that lineage by taking a look at adoption, illustrating with how Hadassa and Michaela Bagot took on the name of Bagot. Last Wednesday, Brother Daniel brought a lesson on baptism, on how we take on the name of Jesus. Tonight, let's explore a bit the nature and meaning of worship. And we'll tie in a little on sacrifice. Before we start, let's approach the throne of our creator together one more time. Lord Jesus, truly you are our Lord and we are so grateful. We are so grateful, Lord. We pray that tonight you'd help us to set aside the burdens of this life, the chaos of this world, the difficulties that we often face, Lord, that we can just focus on you. We thank you for this opportunity we've had to sing, Lord, to praise you, to join our hearts together. And now, Lord, we just pray that you'd speak to our hearts, Lord. Lord, pray that I don't say anything tonight, Lord. Nothing crosses these lips that that causes difficulty or problems, Lord. But but Lord, may you bring peace and joy and enlightenment and truth and answer questions, Lord. We're so grateful we have this opportunity to be together. Forgive us, Lord, in every way that we fall short. Lord, help us to be the people that bring a smile to your face. We thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. For our topic verses, we'll we'll read from the very first time the word worship appears in the King James and most other English translations. It's not associated with Adam or Abel or Seth or Enoch or Noah. Let's read a very familiar passage from Abraham's life. Genesis chapter 22 and beginning at verse one. And it came to pass after these things, what things? Uh, these things include the birth of Isaac, uh, the expulsion of Hagar and Ishmamail, settling at Beeva, and so forth. Isaac's probably in his teens by this point after these things that God did tempt. Now, the word tempter doesn't mean entice, like, I know you're on a diet, but have a second bowl of gelato, Abraham. He's not talking about that kind of tempt. It means to test, not to entice. God tested Abraham and said unto him,"Abraham." And Abraham said, "Oh, behold, here I am." Understand, he's 115 or so at this point. And and the Lord said, "Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest. Get thee into the land of Mariah. Offer him therefore a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. And Abraham didn't like this very much. So he procrastinated to see how long God would let him delay. Doesn't say that. He pleaded with God to change his mind. He slept in. No. Abraham rose up early in the morning, saddled his ass, took two of his young men with him, and Isaac's son, and cave, that means chopped or split the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up and went under the place of which God had told him. Then on the third day, this was a significant journey. Today it's 66 miles by road from Beeba to Jerusalem. Was Abraham going to have second thoughts? Turn around, decide maybe, maybe that was my imagination. God didn't really tell me to do this horrible thing. No. No. On the third day, Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place a far off. And Abraham said unto his young men, "Abide you here with ass, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again to you." And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid it upon Isaac his son. And he took the fire in his hand and a knife, and they went, both of them together. Please be seated. Verse five is the first instance of the word worship in most English translations of the Bible. What do you suppose it means to offer a sacrifice? Perhaps to offer a sacrifices God demands, meeting specified requirements. But God had specified Isaac. Yet we know when Abraham was going to kill Isaac, the Lord stayed his hand and Abraham and Isaac together offered a ram on the altar instead. Is offering a ram or or a blood sacrifice the meaning of worship? Are worship and sacrifice synonyms in some way? Is sacrifice independent of worship? Certainly Abel's offering of a sacrificial lamb was accepted by God that there's no specific mention of worship in that account. What is worship? What does it mean? What does it signify? Let's look at an earlier event in Abraham's life when he was about a hundred years old. A story most of us have heard many, many times. Genesis 18 from verse one. And the Lord, the Lord, the the word here is Yahweh, the self-existing God, the also vision one, Yahweh, appeared unto Abraham in the plains of Mamry. And here's how it took place. Abraham sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. Wasn't the cool of the evening. The context to me anyway suggests might have been taking a nap. A siesta, if you will, midday in the desert heat, sitting in the door. That's probably what I'd be doing. And I'm not quite a hundred. I'm getting there. But and Abraham, it says Abraham lifted up his eyes, which to me suggests he he woke up and looked and lo, three men stood by him. It doesn't say that Abraham saw them approach or he watched them as they came. They had already arrived and were standing there. And and when he saw them, he ran as fast as a hundred-year-old man can run. He ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself toward the ground and said, "Oh my my lord, if uh now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, cleanses and cools. Rest yourselves under the tree. I will fetch a morsel of bread and comfort you your hearts and after that you shall pass on for therefore are you come to your servant. And they said so do as thou hast said. And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah and said oh make ready uh quickly three measures of fine meal needed and make cakes upon the hearth. And Abraham at about a hundred years of age ran under the herd and fetched a calf tender and good, gave it to a young man, and he hasted to dress it. And Abraham took butter and milk and the calf which he had dressed and set it before them. And he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat. Abraham was taking the role of a servant to these travelers, standing by, waiting on them, not sitting and eating with them. And he told them he knew that's why they came. Now, you might be asking yourself, why did brother Lyall read that? I don't see any reference to worship. Okay, Caitlyn, are you paying attention here? We got a Hebrew word coming up. She's been doing a little bit with Hebrew lately. The Hebrew word here is shaka. I've circled it up here. It's it's from a maseretic text containing Genesis 22:5 with the word which is translated as worship outline shaka. It it means to depress, to prostate, especially in homage to royalty or God. to bow, to crouch, to fall down, to beseech, to do obedience, worship. The word is variously translated as worship, bow down, prostrate, do obesence. Recall two weeks ago, the word for praise shares its root with the word for hand. And we often raise our hands when we praise the Lord. What other time might we raise our hands to show we're unarmed? To show we don't represent a threat. In some circumstances, it might be a sign of surrender. In ancient times, one bowed down to the king or ruler to prostrate oneself on the ground before him or her. And we read, "Abraham ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself." Shaka, the Hebrew word worship is translated here, bowed himself toward the ground. Describes the physical act associated with worship. If you're laying face down on the ground, you're displaying that you are subservient to the one before whom you lay. You're defenseless, completely at their mercy. In other words, the biblical concept of worship is that of complete, unconditional, total surrender. Another word we might use is submission. And in this case, the word shakah was translated and bowed himself. God demands complete surrender of our life, of our will to him. &gt;&gt; This is what worship means. &gt;&gt; We usually express it in hymns and songs rather than by physically bowing. Throughout the Old Testament, we constantly see a tie between worship and bowing to the ground and how the Lord reserves that relationship for himself. Let's jump ahead to Israel at Mount Si. Having left Egypt, Moses receives what we call the Ten Commandments. And how do they begin? Exodus 20 verse one. God spake all these words, saying, I am the Lord thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Now, some take verse three to mean that well, it's okay to have other deities as long as as long as Yahweh is the main one. You can have other kinds. It doesn't matter. He just doesn't want them before him. It's not what it means. That's taking it out of context. It's making excuses for sin. &gt;&gt; Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image. I think we were talking about graven images the other day. Thou shalt not take under thee any graven image or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above or the earth beneath or the water under the earth. This was their background for hundreds of years in Egypt. These people had been in Egypt for generations and the general way in which gods were made and represented in that part of the world at that time. We know the story of the golden calf making animals, images of animals and worshiping, bowing down to them. He goes on, "Thou shalt not bow down. Thou shalt not shaka. Thou shalt not worship bow down thyself to them, nor serve them, for I, the Lord thy God, am a jealous God." You want to make me really mad? worship another god and see what happens. I'm a jealous God visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and fourth generation of them that hate me. You don't love me if you're bowing down to one of them and showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments. Jesus would later say the same thing. He'd say, "If you love me, do what I say. God repeatedly warns the people to worship no other gods. Blessings if you obey, destruction if you ignore. Exodus 34, for example, verse 12, take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whether thou goest, lest it be a snare in the midst of thee. Be careful of what they worship and their culture. But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, cut down their groves, those graven images. For thou shalt worship, shaka, no other god. For the Lord whose name is jealous is a jealous God. Jealous. You want to make him angry? Serve another god. Thou shalt make thee no molten gods. The last time the word shaka is used in the writings of Moses is in Deuteronomy chapter 30 verse 15. See I have set before thee this day life and good or death and evil. In that I command thee this day to love the Lord thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments, that thou mayest live and multiply, and the Lord thy God shall bless thee in the land whether thou goest to possess it. But if thine heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shall be drawn away, and worship shaka, other gods, and serve them. I denounce unto you this day, that ye shall surely perish, and that you shall not prolong your days upon the land whether thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it. I call heaven and earth to record this day against you that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life that both thou and thy seed may live. You have free will. There are consequences to your choices. This is the right choice. make it that thou mayest love the Lord thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that thou mayest cleave unto him, for he is thy life, and the length of thy days, that thou mayest dwell in the land which the Lord swear unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them In the New Testament, which is written in Greek, there are at least three different words translated as worship. One is like the Hebrew to prostrate oneself. It's what Satan asked Jesus to do during the temptation in the wilderness. Matthew 4:es 9 and 10. This is the most common form of the word translated worship in Greek in the New Testament. Another is to adore or revere. Mark 7:7 might be an example of that. A third word means to give honor, such as when Jesus says, "If you're invited to a feast, take the lowest seat and let the guy that's running the place, if he wants to, ask you to come up higher and then you'll get worship from others." And in that case, he's he's uh he's talking about um uh he's not talking about worship like prostrating yourself, but you'll receive honor. Those are the three sort of Greek words that are used. Well, let's go back to our opening verses story of Abraham. One thing I'd like you to notice in Abraham's worship of the three men. Abraham served them. He took on the role of servant. He didn't sit and eat with them. He served them, stood by, attended to any need or desire they might have. We so often come to God with lists of things we want him to do for us. We often treat him like our servant, a tool in our toolbox for when it's convenient for us to call upon him to ask for things. Lord, I need healing. He's the healer. Lord, I can't pay my bills. Lord, I can't do anything. Abraham wasn't asking for anything. He was asking how he might serve them. A man about a hundred years old. If I found your favor, stop here on your journey. Here, sit under the shade tree. Let me get some water, wash your feet. I'll prepare the best, freshest foods I can for you while you rest. I'm here to serve you. That's why you came to me for me to serve. We need to be careful that we I'm pointing at myself are in our proper place. &gt;&gt; Notice another thing. Abraham saw three men nearby and he addressed them as Lord, as the Almighty God. He recognized that even though this was a very unusual meeting, he saw it was God in all of it. Many years later, there was another meeting in what we call the upper room, an event we call the last supper. Jesus had just finished washing the feet of his disciples, including the feet of Judas's chariot. Footnote sidebar, be careful during communion, footwashing. I don't want to wash that guy's feet. He Jesus washed Judah's feet knowing who Judas was. He then sat down and addressed the group. Notice whenever Jesus sits down and starts talking, in almost every case, he's teaching. Sometimes with parables, sometimes with examples, always more than the simple story or act, but using them to illustrate a greater truth. Let's listen for a moment. John John 13. You call me master. This means teacher or instructor and lord supreme in authority. And you say, 'Well, for so I am. If I, then, your lord and master, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Now we're having communion services this coming Sunday evening and we include a footwashing opportunity after communion. These verses are used at that time. We talk about instituting an ordinance or a sacrament, a a sacred service and it's appropriate and it's right and we should do that. But Jesus is talking about much more than instituting a ritual practice of washing feet. He says, "This is an example. I have given you an example, not the example." Right. At the last supper, the disciples didn't immediately jump up and start re-washing their feet. Right. Right. He's saying service. He's taking the lowest rank of servant, the footwash flunky. Brother Random says, to serve his students, his disciples, those that are following him. And now he is serving them in the lowest way that he can, including the one that he knows in a few hours is going to be responsible for betraying him and sending him off to torture and death. He's telling his followers that they ought to serve one another. He goes on, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Be content to serve one another. Find joy in service to others. But your motive needs to be correct, not just your actions. Further in that same chapter of John 13, Jesus says, "A new commandment I give unto you that you love one another." New way back way back in Moses' writings, it says, "Love your neighbor. Love your neighbor as yourself kind of thing." What what's new? that you love one another as I have loved you. That's what's new. That ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that you're my disciples. If you have this kind of love one to another, Paul explains it this way in Galatians chapter 5:13. Brethren, you've been called unto liberty. Only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh. Choice, right? You have the ability to choose. But by love, serve one another. By love, serve one another. You might remember last time I spoke I mentioned the five love languages from Gary Chapman for our relationship with the Lord. Quality time represented by prayer. Words of affirmation by praise. Oh, now we see acts of service through our serving one another by what? Love. Jesus was consistent in his ministry regarding service to each other. After he came down from the mountain, what we call the mount of transfiguration, he had Peter, James, and John with him. Coming down the mountain, there was this this boy that was demonpossessed, foaming at the mouth, really in bad shape. And the other nine disciples that hadn't been invited to go up the mountain, couldn't help the child. They and and so Jesus healed the boy. And the disciples said, "How come we couldn't do this?" And Jesus said, "This kind of thing can only be delivered by prayer and fasting and fasting." And then they walked through Galilee towards Capernaum. In Mark 9, we read and Jesus came to Capernaum. And being in the house, he asked his disciples, "Oh, what was it that uh you guys disputed among yourselves? By the way, I heard you talking about something there. What uh what were you guys arguing about? Oops, he heard us. They held their peace. For by the way, they disputed among themselves who should be the greatest. Jesus sat down. Jesus sat down, called the twel, and saith unto them, "If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all." Sometimes you read that and you think, "Well, he's scolding him." You You want to be the the the the main guy here? Get to the back of the line. No, you not you. You get to the back of the line. It's not what he's saying. He's teaching. He's telling if you really if you really want to be great, if you really want to be among the greatest disciples, serve others. &gt;&gt; Don't be served. Go to the back of the line. Serve others. &gt;&gt; That's where you'll find the great ones at the back of the line, not the front. He wasn't chewing them out. He's helping them understand God's perspective on what makes a person great. Later, James and John with a cooperation or maybe the instigation of their mom came to ask Jesus if they could sit next to him in his kingdom. Well, we want to be one of us on the right hand or one of us on the left. Look, there was three of us went up to Mount Transfiguration. That's Peter. No, James. We're we're we're brothers. We're we're we're blood. We're closer here. So, we should sit next to you, right? Right. We're gonna have that position. I'm sure Jesus rolled his eyes. Time to reinforce the lesson. Mark 10, we read, "And when the 10 heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John." Yeah. Any humans here? Yeah. Yeah. Much displeased. Yeah. Oh, I remember that one guy that was the zealot, right? He might have started practicing a few moves for these guys. But Jesus called to them and said to them, "You know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them, and their great ones exercise authority upon them." I imagine he was looking directly at James and John as he said this. But so it shall not be among you. That's not how God sees things. It's it it it reminds me of Samuel being sent to get the successor for Saul and looking for David. And and God tells Samuel, "Don't see as a man sees." God looks on the heart. God's perspective is different. But whosoever will be great among you shall be your minister. He'll serve you. In other words, whosoever of you will be the chiefest shall be the servant of all. It's the same lesson. For even now he uses himself his example. For even the son of man, speaking of himself, came not to be ministered unto but to minister to give his life a ransom for many. a ransom for many. There's an associated aspect of worship and that is sacrifice. In Old Testament times, there were strict rules regarding sacrifices. Excuse me, I'm an old man. Some were blood sacrifices. Which animals could be sacrificed? the condition of the animal, the conditions that had to be met, who could perform the act of sacrifice, the manner in which it must be done, the location where it must be done. Some sacrifices were not of blood, but of foods such as grain. Again, the rules were precise and strict. Some sacrifices were optional, free will offerings to God. Thanksgiving offerings. Others were required. Some, like a sin offering, were personal. Others, like the daily morning and evening sacrifices, were community-based. When you read the rules regarding sacrifices in the books of Moses, you'll find that there are other rules than the sacrificial animal or food. rules for priests. They have to be washed to wear certain garments to perform the sacrificial act in certain ways. But for the worshipper, the one bringing the sacrifice, in the case of personal blood sacrifices, the person bringing it usually has to place his hands on the head of the animal as it's killed at the entrance of the tabernacle. If the sacrifice is accepted and offered as prescribed, the worshipper is accepted. sin forgiven. For example, the priest did not examine the one bringing the sacrifice. The priest examined the sacrifice. If the sacrifice met the condition, you're in. The priest didn't quiz. Okay, you brought this animal. Now, uh you need to tell me the ten commandments in reverse order. Um uh let's see. I I need you to recite the rules regarding this. I didn't have to know various interpretations and doctrines and so forth. You just had to bring the sacrifice, bring the correct sacrifice and be identified with it, united if you will as it died. But there was another requirement. He had to be sincere. If just going through the motions, his heart's not in it. While the priest would accept it, the Lord would not. We see this throughout the history of Israel and Judah. David hints at it in uh Psalm 51. For thou desireest not sacrifice, else I would give it. Thou delightest not in burnt offering. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and a contrite heart. Oh God, thou wilt not despise. &gt;&gt; It's the first biatitude. Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. As Christians, our blood sacrifice is Jesus Christ himself. So if we partake, we put our hands on the head of the sacrifice through sincere repentance, we'll be accepted because our sacrifice has been accepted. How is this possible? Let's look at a particular observance from Moses time. You may recall there are two seasons of feasts or festivals or celebrations prescribed in the law. The spring begins with Passover, the feast of unleavened bread, first fruits, and the feast of weeks, what we call Pentecost. The fall festivals begin with trumpets, then atonement, and tabernacles. The feast of trumpets is otherwise known as Rosha Shana, sometimes called Jewish New Year. It marks the new year on the civil calendar and it occurred last week on Monday. Some folks were at the house and we got out the chauffear and we blew it. Feast of trumpets. I'm not doing it here because I am not a trumpet player. I am not a musician. 10 days from trumpets to atonement. that period of time are known as the days of awe, days of reflection. For example, they blow the chauffear every day. They read Psalm 27 every day. You might want to consider reading Psalm 27. We won't read it here tonight. And the Day of Atonement, Yumkipur, is regarded as the holiest day on the Jewish religious calendar. This year, Yung Kipur started at sunset this evening. It just began. It will continue until sunset tomorrow evening. Jewish people will fast the entire time. I I can't help but remember a few significant yum kipurs in my life. In 1973, I was uh in the army with the 101st Airborne Division. And on that day, it was October 6th in 1973, the armies of Egypt crossed into Israel and the armies of Syria crossed into Israel. And it was a a a horrible bloodbath. Many, many, many uh people were killed. It was the highest holy day. Everybody was in synagogue. Everybody was fasting. And uh we were, you know, President Nixon activated the 101st Airborne Division. We were on the rotation to go and assist if that's what was required. I remember getting a phone call about 3:00 or 4 in the morning to get up, come into the base, roll out the Constantino wire, pack up your gear, get ready to load the helicopters on the C130s. We may be heading out. I I don't think I'll forget Yom Kipur of 1973. uh two others that I remember 2013 that's the day my oldest brother died passed away on Yum Kipur and very exactly a year later on Yum Kipur of 2014 a very dear friend of mine brother Quinton Ericson in in Israel passed away anyway enough personal reflection answers the question of how we as Christians can be saved through the sacrifice of Jesus Jesus, the work he performed on Calvary. Leviticus chapter 16 is devoted to Yomkipor. It's a very unusual day. There's lots and lots of things going on. Let's read just three verses from Leviticus 16 verse 29. This shall be a statue forever unto you, that in the seventh month, on the 10th day of the month, you shall afflict your souls and do no work at all. Whether it be one of your own country or a stranger that sojourns among you. Doesn't matter if the person's a citizen of Israel or not. If they're in the land, they're doing this. There are certain things that the rabbis say that you must do and certain things that they say you must not do in order to afflict your souls. But the emphasis is on repentance. The action is to obease or chasen. It's in recognition of one's sins, genuine sorrow as we reflect on our shortcomings and failures and embrace his grace. And unlike other special days, this is the only command, the people's only command to afflict their souls. Do no work. What else happens? For on this day, who you each of us? No. On that day shall the priest make an atonement. Atonement at onement. We sometimes say the the root of this word means to cover. We'll make an atonement for you to cleanse you that ye may be clean from all your sins before the Lord. The priest, one guy, the day you're supposed to do no work, he's going to be working hard. And he's the only guy, one guy. And if he does his work correctly, all the sins of the nation are forgiven. One man, one sacrifice, all sins forgiven. It shall be a Sabbath of rest unto you. He shall afflict your souls by a statue forever. If you read the entire chapter, you'll see the person working on the Sabbath of rest is the high priest. He has a lengthy series of sacrifices. First on his behalf, then he has to wash himself. Then he has to change his clothes, and ultimately he enters the holy of holies. the only time he is allowed to enter the Holy of Holies. Otherwise, the penalty is death. And he's the only one that's allowed to enter to sprinkle blood on the mercy seat, the ark of testimony. And the net result is that the sins of the nations, the sins of all the people are forgiven. If the priest hes, he may die. The sins of the nation will not be forgiven. We're told a rope was tied to the high priest's leg or ankle so that if he failed and died that he could be removed from that holy place without anyone else attempting to go in to get him because they can't go in to get him. We had an example of of someone touching the ark when they shouldn't have when David tried to move it to Jerusalem. God had some pretty strict rules. Then Jesus is our high priest. He made an offering of himself to cleanse our sins. Reflecting the earlier practice of the Levitical high priest offering one sacrifice for the sins of all the people. Like the high priest on Yumipur, Jesus did all the work on our behalf. As the people of the earlier days had to afflict their souls, recognize and repent of their sins, so must we recognize and repent before Jesus sacrifice can cleanse us from our sins. Paul explains some of this at length in in his letter to the Hebrews. We won't dig into it tonight. Our topic is worship. But there is a sacrifice that Paul tells us we should make in that same letter to the Hebrews and it fits perfectly I think with this series on praise and worship. Hebrews 13 verse 12. Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood suffered without the gate. He died outside the city of Jerusalem. Let us go forth therefore unto him without outside beyond the limits of the camp bearing his reproach having taken on his name. Sunday we saw an example of that taking on his name being identified with Christ. Paul goes on here we have no continuing city. We seek one to come by him. Therefore, let us offer the sacrifice. Here it comes. The sacrifice we are to offer as Christians. The sacrifice of praise to God. How often? Only in church? No. Offered continually. That is the fruit of our lips, our voices giving thanks to his name. praise, thanksgiving, but to do good and to communicate, forget not. For with such sacrifices, God is well pleased. It's not just off in a corner by yourself. There has to be community involved. How do you communicate without community? How do you do good without community? In the letter to the Romans, Paul summarizes how we as Christians should act. I want to read chapter 12. It'll be our our closing set of scriptures for this evening. Paul says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. This is not an unreasonable demand. This is worship surrendering by an act of free will to God. And in light of what Jesus did, Paul says, "It's reasonable for us to worship, to surrender in this way. Be not conformed to this world. be transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you to not think of himself more highly than he ought to think. It's not about sitting on the right hand or the left hand, but to think soberly according as God has dealt to every man the measure of faith. Back to the biatitudes. Now Paul goes on to help us reach beyond ourselves, our personal walk with the Lord. We cannot isolate ourselves. For as we have many members &gt;&gt; in one body, and all members have not the same office, so we being many are one body in Christ, and everyone members one of another. We're inseparable. You can't separate yourself. having then gifts differing different gifts but they're not ranked well this is a better gift than that one and this is a they're they're different according to the grace the unmmerited favor that is given to us whether prophecy let us prophesy according to proportion of faith ministry let us wait on our ministering or or he that teaches unte teaching or he that exhorts an exhortation. He that gives, let him do it with simplicity. He that rules with diligence. He that shows mercy, forgives with cheerfulness. God loves a cheerful giver. The best thing you can give is forgiveness to another. Let love be without dissimilation, without hypocrisy, unfeigned. Don't act. Abore that which is evil. Cleave to that which is good. Be kindly affectionate one to another with brotherly love and honor, preferring one another. If you're going to fight over a place in line, fight for the back. Not soulful in business, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing instant in prayer. Someone says, "I have this need. I have this problem." Don't say, "Well, I'll pray about it and hope that you remember." No. Be instant, continuing instant in prayer, distributing to the necessity of saints, given to hospitality. Can't you can't be a hermit. Bless them which persecute you. Bless and curse not. Back to the biatitudes. Rejoice with them that you rejoice and weep with them that weep. Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits. Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men. If it be possible, as much as lith in you, live peaceably with all men. This seems to be a problem. So he goes into it a little bit here. Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves. Rather give place unto wrath. It is written, "Vengeance is mine. I will repay, sayaeth the Lord. Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, feed him. If he thirst, give him drink." So doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head. That shouldn't be the reason you do it. Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good &gt;&gt; in love. Serve one another. By this will all men know that you're my disciples. If the musicians, our worship team would please come at this time. as they come. I hope you recognize that we are blessed by our musicians. Not just raw talent, but expressing the love of the Lord in their hearts through those talents, sharing service. They're the last to leave after service. They help set an atmosphere where we can set aside our problems, the worries, and issues and focus on the Lord. help us quieten our spirits and enter his presence. Frankly, I think their role was and is more important this evening than mine. I hope you remember from time to time to thank them individually, &gt;&gt; encourage them in love, serving one another. I had thought of three different songs to close this portion of the service as we prepare to pass it over to our pastor, brother Daniel. But we'll throttle that back to to two. I'm no singer, you know that. But I love to sing about the Lord. So maybe on this first one, Brother Josiah could help me. It's a uh it's a recent song. I I give you my heart. This is my desire &gt;&gt; to honor you. &gt;&gt; Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. [Music] All that I adore is in you. [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] &gt;&gt; I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, &gt;&gt; every moment I'm away, &gt;&gt; Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire, our desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart, I worship you. My free will, I submit to you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. We sing that one more time. [Music] This is my desire &gt;&gt; to honor you, &gt;&gt; Lord. With all my heart. I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, &gt;&gt; I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] &gt;&gt; I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, &gt;&gt; Lord, have your way in me. Every give you my heart. &gt;&gt; I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, &gt;&gt; every moment I'm awake, &gt;&gt; Lord, have your way. It be &gt;&gt; the the second song is less recent. It was written in 1896. It's called I surrender all [Music] &gt;&gt; to Jesus I surrender. All to him I freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. &gt;&gt; I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsen. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all. All to thee. My blessed savior I surrender all [Music] and all to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior. Holy thine. Let me feel thy holy spirit. Truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. In all to Jesus I surrender, Lord. I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessing fall on me. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender. Now I feel the sacred flame. Oh, the joy of full salvation. Glory, glory to his name. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee my
