################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - The Life of David Pt2 Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    The Life of David Pt2: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR-vuBQ2JPY
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, April 9th 2025. Tucson Tabernacle. Brother Lyle continues with our study on the life of King David.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] God are gathered home. We will tell the story how we overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. go by and by. And when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gatherred home, we will tell the story how we overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. Let's stand up. We are tossed and driven on the restless seas of time. Sober skies and howling tempest dos succeed a bright sunshine in the land of perfect day. When the mists have rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gred home, and we will tell the story how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. We are often destitute of the things that life demands. Wants of shelter and of food, thirsty hills and barren land. And we're trusting in the Lord. And according to his word, we will understand it better by and by. Oh, and by and by. And when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by and trials dark on every hand. And we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. And he guides us with his eye. And we'll follow till we die. And we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, and by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Are you happy to be in church this evening? Amen. Let's stand up for one more song. We'll sing Just a Closer Walk with De and then Sister Hope, if you want to make ready for your special. Amen. Oh, I am weak, but thou art strong. And Jesus, keep me from all wrong. and I'll be satisfied as long. And as I walk, let me walk close to thee. Oh, and just a closer walk with thee. And granted, Jesus is my plea. Oh, and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be. And dear Lord, let it be in through in this world of toils and sins. And if I falter, Lord, who cares? And who with me my burden shares? Oh, none but thee, dear Lord, none but thee. Oh, and just a closer walk with thee. And granted, Jesus is my plea. And daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord, let it be. Oh, and when my feeble life is old and time for me will be no more. and guide me gently, safely, oh into thy kingom, Lord, to thy shore and just a closer walk with thee and granted Jesus is my plea. and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it [Music] be. Please feel free to sing this with me. [Music] I thought number one would surely be me. I thought I could be what I wanted to be. I thought I could build on life sinking s. But I found out I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Dear Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hands. The mountains too high and the valley is just too wide. But down on my knees, that's where I learned to stand. For Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. I thought I had done a lot on my own. I thought I could make it all alone. I thought of myself as a mighty big man, but I found out I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountains too high and the valley is just too wide. But down on my knees, Lord, that's where I learned to stand. For I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountain too high and the valley is just too wide. But down on my knees, Lord, that's where I learned to stand. For I can't even walk without you holding my hand. [Music] Amen. Aren't you happy he's holding our hand tonight? Amen. Blessed assur. Jesus is mine. And oh what a for taste of glory divine and heir of salvation and purchased of God. I'm born of his spirit, washed in his blood. Oh, and this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my Savior all the day long. And this is my story. And this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. Oh, in perfect submission, in perfect delight, in visions of rapture now burst on my side, and angels descend. ending and bring from above and echoes the mercy and whispers of love and this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. Oh perfect [Music] submission and all is at rest and I in my savior am happy and blessed. I'm watching and waiting and looking above. I'm filled with his goodness, lost in his love. Oh, and this is my story and this is my song. [Music] I'm praising my savior all the day long and this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my [Music] savior all the day long. Amen. And let's just sing that one more time and let's sing. And this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my Savior all the day long. That's a great song. Praise God. For the prayer requests, Sister Amelia, one request request from Sister Amelia. says this. Some of you might have watched the news about what happened at the Tucson House. All the elevators were down from Sunday right to right to Monday noon. The firefighters had to bring down a woman from the 15th floor down the stairwell with ropes. So, keep us in your prayers. Um the Tucson House is a it's a um it's a rough environment, but it's um there's God's seed there, and we we appreciate that. Brother Richard, you live there, right, my friend? Richard, I want everybody, especially the brothers, before we leave today, greet this young man, Richard sitting here in the back and gave his heart to the Lord Jesus. on Sunday wants to change his life. He's doing everything he can. He's had some victories this week. And brother Richard, look at the victories. The failures are always going to be there, my friend. But look at the victories that you have. You have overcome things this week. And let me tell you, now you have a place you can go to church that people love you and are going to be praying for you, my friend. Turn around. Look at my look at my friend Richard back there. Bless you, my friend. God bless you. Let me tell you something. God can overcome any obstacle. And he told us that he will not tempt you. He will not allow you to be tempted greater than you can overcome. So that overcoming power is within each of us now. We can overcome. We can overcome these things. We can overcome this temptation. We can over overcome this sin. We can do it. Are you with me? Amen. He's going to sit in the front. God bless you, young man. Praise God. I um brother brother Ed his sister critically um ill. Her and uh sister Lori, brother Randy were driving. She was driving and uh she had Daniel. It's not a heart attack. What is it? She had an aortic tear. She had an aortic tear which is um many many times fatal. While she was driving, whether Randy had to help with the the vehicle to get it pulled over, by a miracle, the EMS was there within 2 minutes and then she was only a couple miles away from the best hospital in the entire area. So, the Lord made a way for her to get in there. Let me read to you um Brother Ed's report. But I talked to him a couple times today. Um he said um just wanted you to know that uh he talked about the prayer request and when I talked to him the first time he said that it's looking really bad. And then at 6:00 tonight, Brother Ed said this. He said, "The Lord is moving. Her kidneys are starting to work and her output is increasing. [Applause] Let me tell you, God is great. He can do anything. We all We all probably have to go the way of the grave. We We want to be in that generation that's raptured. And I I hope that we are. And I I want to be in that generation. But that way of of the grave, it is it's a it's a victory. It's a victory of Jesus Christ in our lives when we cross over. But while we are here on earth, the devil is subject to the healing power of Jesus Christ and he can overcome. And we are believing for sister Lori that everything would be well in her life. I'm uh I'm excited tonight. I believe the Lord, he's I was excited. We had a good service, two good services on Sunday. I saw a couple young men, this one is one of them right here. And I saw another young man, a few different people this Sunday, give their hearts to Jesus Christ. We talk about Sister Lorie's healing. And we believe that she is going to be healed, but she's going to get sick again. But when you give your heart to Jesus Christ and you truly make that step in your life and you truly make that change, then that is a forever eternal thing. It is over and done with and you are forever healed eternally in the presence of God. And that is where you will always be if you truly make that decision. Let's keep Sister Amelia, the Tucson House in prayer. Sister Lori Snow, of course, in prayer, our friend here, Richard. Let's bow our heads with the angels of God surrounding us in this room. If you would have a request on your heart that you would ask the Lord to do either for you or for someone else, make it known to the Lord and the hosts of heaven with an uplifted hand. Lord God, you see the hands and Lord, we praise you. We praise you in the trials. We praise you in the hard times. Praise you in the good times. We praise you in our sickness. And we praise you in our healing. Lord, we praise you with everything that's in us. And we thank you that we have a living God that we can pray to that answers us and that knows our needs. And we lay these requests at the throne of God in the name of Jesus Christ and ask Lord that you would make a way. Make a way for every raised hand. Make a way for young Richard. Make a way for Sister Lori. Make a way for those living in the Tucson house. Father, we don't know anything else to do than to bring it to the King. May these requests be granted in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This corner stone, this solid ground infirm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace, when fears are still winding seas, my comforter, my all in all. And here in the love of Christ I stand in Christ alone who took on flesh in fullness of God in helpless babe. in this gift of love and righteousness and scorned by the ones he came to save. Till on that cross as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied for every sin on him was laid. And here in the death of Christ I live. And there in the ground his body laid in light of the world by darkness flame and then bursting forth in glorious day. And up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory and since curse has lost its grip on me for I am his and he is mine. and bought with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in death. And this is the power of Christ in me. Come from life's first cry to final breath. And Jesus commands my destiny. And no power of hell. No scheme of man can't ever block me from his hand. till he returns or calls me home. It's here in the power of Christ I'll stand. Amen. It's only in Christ we can do all things. Amen. The Lord is my shepher. I shall not want. In green pastures he makes me lie down and he restores my soul and he leads me on for his name, for his great name. Cuz surely goodness and surely mercy will ride beside me all my days. And I will dwell in your house forever and bless your holy name. And you prepare a table right before me. and in the presence of my enemies. And though the airrows fly and the terror of night is at my door, I'll trust you, Lord. Cuz surely [Music] goodness and surely mercy will ride beside me all my days. and I will dwell in your house forever and bless your holy name. And even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, oh I will fear no evil. And even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, oh, you are on my side. And even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, oh, I will fear no evil. And even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, oh you are on my [Music] side. Cuz surely goodness and surely mercy will ride beside me all my days. And I will dwell in your house forever. and bless your holy name. Cuz surely goodness and surely mercy right beside me all my days. And I will dwell in your house forever. and bless your holy name. Praise the Lord. It's so good to be here tonight. Thank you so much. Tonight, we'll continue to explore the life of David, in particular, his life before he became king. As we begin our study tonight, let's join together one more time in prayer. Lord Jesus, it is such an honor. It's an honor and a responsibility. But Lord, it is such an honor to stand before the people that you gave your life to redeem each one. And Lord, as we're here joining our hearts together, we're here because we want to be here. We're here because we want to please you. We're here because we want to hear from you. We want to draw closer to you. We want to draw closer to one another. We just we're just so in awe of you this evening. Lord, I pray that you forgive us each one, Lord, of anything in our lives that's displeasing to you. Covered with your blood, Lord Jesus. Make us holy in your sight. Accept our worship. Accept our praise. Be present in our midst, Lord. Speak to our hearts. answer needs. Lord, we're just here to worship and and enjoy your presence. We thank you. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Well, we're talking about David. So, for our opening verses, let's read from Exodus 33. Yeah. Yeah. It's about Moses. But if you bear with me for a few minutes, I think you'll see the connection to David. Moses had gone to Mount Si. The Lord had met him there. He was gone for 40 days during which Aaron made a golden calf. Moses came down the mountain. He was furious with Aaron and the people worshiping the idol. God wasn't very happy either. Moses threw down the stone tablets and broke them, destroying them. Afterwards, Moses went to the tabernacle. He'd go in and out. The pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud would be there, and he'd go inside and talk to the Lord. He was seeking reassurance. We have the privilege that we can go inside with Moses and listen to a conversation that he had with the Lord. Exodus 33 11 we read, "The Lord spake unto Moses face to face as a man speaks to his friend." Wow. It reminds us of Abraham's relationship with the Lord as a friend. How's your relationship with the Lord tonight or mine? Is it real? Is it transparent? Is it trusting? Moses said unto the Lord, "See, thou thou sayest unto me, bring up this people. Thou hast not, let me know whom thou will send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and that thou has also found grace, favor in my sight." Now, therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that that I may find grace in thy sight, and consider that that this nation is thy people. And the Lord said, "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." I I can hear Jesus voice saying that same thing in Matthew 11:28. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden. Be in my presence and I will give you rest. And and Moses said unto the Lord, if thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence. We can't go without you, Lord. Wherein, how how will it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? How will it be known? Is it not that thou goest with us, so that we shall be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth? What marks that separation? God's presence with them. And the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken, for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name. And Moses said, "I beseech thee, show me thy glory." And the Lord said, "I will make all my goodness pass before thee. I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee, and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious and show mercy on whom I will show mercy." Please be seated. The result of this conversation, what God will say when he proclaims his name to Moses will be referred to by David many times in the Psalms. By the way, last time I mentioned Moses wrote a psalm and after service I was asked which psalm did he write? It's Psalm 90. Back to Exodus. Let's see what happened after the Lord told Moses he would proclaim his name as we read in Exodus 33:19. If you have your Bible with you, open it to Exodus chapter 34. The Lord said unto Moses, he didn't say that. I did. He thee two tablets of stone like unto the first. And I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables which you broke. And be ready in the morning. Come up in the morning unto Mount Si. Present thyself there to me in the top of the mount. And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount. Neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount. And Moses heeded two tables of stone like unto the first. Moses rose up early in the morning, went up unto Mount Si, as the Lord had commanded him, and took in his hand two tables of stone. And the Lord descended in the cloud, and stood with Moses there, and proclaimed the name of the Lord. The Lord passed by before Moses and proclaimed J just speak who proclaimed God. What is he proclaiming? His name previously we know Moses encountered the burning bush and Moses asked his name and he said I am. Is that what he's going to say here? Fasten your seat belt and your shoulder harness. Ready? God's going to throw a lightning bolt here and it will race across time and strike deep into the heart of David as we'll see this evening. The Lord passed by him and proclaimed Yahweh the Lord Yahweh the Lord God. And now the Lord Yahweh attaches attributes to be associated with his name. not more names but attributes of his character that he wants Moses and all of us to know in this instance where he himself is proclaiming his name. The Lord God, merciful also means compassionate, gracious, long-suffering, abundant and goodness and truth, keeping mercy also loving kindness is that word for thousands, forgiving iniquity, offenses and transgressions, crimes and sin. and that will by no means clear the guilty. Our actions carry consequences. Visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children and upon the children's children to the third and fourth generation. Brother Daniel taught about generational curses a few weeks ago. And Moses made haste and bowed his head toward the earth and worshiped. Last time we looked at Psalm 23, David's shepherd background and Psalm 59, his reaction to being surrounded by assassins sent by Saul. As I was researching the life of David, I remembered something I did as a teenager. One of my sons reminds me and says, "Dad, from time to time, you have to share life experiences. You got to share something in yourself. So, please bear with me for a moment while I do just that. Step back with me to the spring of 1967. My family had moved here from California a few months earlier. I was 17 years old, a junior at Palaverie High School here in Tucson. At that time, it was the easternmost high school campus in Tucson. The school was severely overcrowded with 6,000 students. As a result, they ran double sessions. If you live north of 22nd Street, then the school year that year was from 6:00 a.m. until noon. If you live south of 22nd Street, you went from 12:30 to 6:30 p.m. That way, they could only have 3,000 students in the school instead of 6. I was fortunate to attend the first session, though I'll admit being outside for PE at 10 minutes past 6 in the morning in February wasn't exactly comfortable. Anyway, one of the required courses for high school juniors at that time anyway was United States history. My history teacher was a man named Mr. Odell. When we got to the Civil War, Mr. Rodell told the class who each had to pick a subject, a a battle or a person and give an oral report to the class. The report should be about five minutes. I don't know how, but I ended up with Abraham Lincoln as my subject. I didn't want to talk about a log cabin and muddy footprints on the ceiling, splitting logs, being a railroad lawyer, having an unhappy wife, being president during the war, being killed. I was a Christian. I wanted to know and present as part of my talk what motivated Lincoln. Were the things he did just a result of political calculation? What was in Lincoln's heart? I knew most history books would focus on events. I also knew that the most influential biography of Lincoln was written by Carl Sandberg who interviewed many of Lincoln's associates and families. The bad news is that this biography comprises thousands of pages in a six volume set. The first two volumes released in 1926 called the Prairie Years really tell the development of his character. The first 52 years of his life. The final four volumes re released in 1940. The war years are what we most remember about Lincoln as our 16th president. The last four years of his life. Fortunately, I discovered Sandberg later wrote a single volume edition that was only a little over 800 pages long. I read that one for research for my talk. A few days before I was scheduled, I told Mr. Odell that I just couldn't fit Lincoln into five or even 10 minutes. He smiled, said, "I could take the whole period if I wanted, and that Lincoln was his favorite character in all of US history. Nothing like a little pressure. Nothing like talking about David in front of certain people." Well, the day came. Sure enough, I took the entire 50minute class period with my report. I was able to include a synopsis of what I thought motivated Lincoln, his religious beliefs, what they were, as part of my presentation. And yes, Mr. Odell was very happy. Last time we read a synopsis of David's life to age 30 and the death of Saul. Much like Lincoln's prairie years, these years were formative for David, helped shape his character, help David understand himself through the many difficulties that he faced. The Bible tells of David's formative years in 16 chapters, but like Sandberg's biography of Lincoln, the bulk of the story is of King David, comprising 45 chapters. Tonight, knowing David was a man after God's own heart, I want to again look into his heart as he shared it through his writings, his psalms, a bit like we did with Psalm 23 last time. So, I I first want to share a psalm that ties in with what we just read in Exodus, tying it to David. We don't know when it was written. It doesn't identify itself with any particular episode in his life, but it speaks to me as coming from his formative years and carrying through to his death. It's Psalm 25. Psalm 25. We know a psalm is a melody of David. He says, "Unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. Not just my words or my song, but the essence of my being, my life. I lift up my soul. Why, oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemies triumph over me." This isn't just about David. Yay, let none that wait on thee be ashamed. I wonder if Isaiah 40:31 was inspired by this. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Let them be ashamed which transgress your commandments, statutes, judgments, that transgress without cause. Don't let me be among them. Instead, show me thy ways, O Lord. Teach me thy paths. Lead me in thy truth. Teach me, for thou art the God of my salvation. On thee do I wait all the day. These two verses, four and five, will take us on another flashback. This time to Deuteronomy. They also remind us who Jesus, who loved to teach, ultimately paid the price to secure our salvation. But for now, here's the core belief of David based on what we just read in Exodus. Remember, O Lord, thy tender mercies and thy loving kindnesses, for they have been ever of old. Ever of old? How old? At least since the time of Moses, as we read in Exodus 34, 34:7, keeping mercy, which also means loving kindness. Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions, according to thy mercy. Remember thou me for thy goodness sake, O Lord. Exodus 34:7, keeping mercy, forgiving transgression and sin. Exodus 34:6, abundant in goodness. Good and upright is the Lord, therefore will he teach sinners and the way. The meek, the humble, will he guide in judgment, and the meek, will he teach his way. Lord, help us to be teachable, not proud, not arrogant. All the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies. Again, Exodus 34:6, merciful, abundant in truth. For thy name's sake, oh Lord, pardon mine iniquity, for it is great. Exodus 34:7, forgiving iniquity. These are attributes that God associated when he proclaimed his name. What man is he that fearth the Lord? Him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose? His soul shall dwell at ease. Exodus 33:14 we read, "I will give thee rest, and his seed shall inherit the earth. The secret of the Lord is with them that fear him, and he will show them his covenant. Mine eyes are ever toward the Lord, for he shall pluck my feet out of the net." Turn thee unto me. Have mercy upon me, for I am desolate and afflicted. The troubles of my heart are enlarged. Oh, bring thou me out of my distresses. Look upon mine affliction and my pain. Forgive all my sins. Exodus 34. Again, consider mine enemies, for they are many. They hate me with cruel hatred. Oh, keep my soul and deliver me. Let me not be ashamed, for I put my trust in thee. Let integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait on thee. Redeem me, who? David? No. No. The nation. Redeem Israel, oh God, out of all his troubles. We see in this psalm David's appeal to the attributes the Lord associated with his name when he declared it to Moses on Sinai. By the way, I mentioned this psalm has links to Deuteronomy. And in fact, there's a very important controversy regarding Moses having serious impact on David and his ability to write any of the psalms. Heather tells me to slow down. I was going to put this off for a future meeting, but every time I tried to go around it, Lord, we've had too much background here. We need to get more. There'd be a wall. Wouldn't have a door. Wouldn't have a window. be a wall, come back. Every time I tried to get over it, around it, under it, couldn't do it. So, kept coming back to it. So, we'll go through it as part of our framework of and foundation for David's life. Let let's reread for a moment just Exodus 34:1 and then we'll skip to Deuteronomy 6. The Lord said unto Moses, "Hue thee two tables of stone like unto the first, I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables which you broke. Something's going on here. Deuteronomy 6, Moses is speaking." Now, these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the Lord your God commanded me, Moses, to teach you, that you might do them in the land whether you go to possess it. For what purpose? That thou mightest fear the Lord thy God? To do what? keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command thee, thou and thy son, and thy son's son, all the days of thy life, and that thy days may be prolonged. Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it. Why? That it may be well with thee, that you may increase mightily, as the Lord God of thy fathers hath promised thee, and the land that flowth with milk and honey. And now the most basic tenant Jesus said was the greatest commandment of all on which hang all the law and the prophets. Here O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart and with all thy soul and with all thy might. This is known as the schma. Schma is is a Hebrew word. It's an imperative. It's a command. It doesn't mean listen. It means listen. It means pay attention. It means hear Israel. And verse four in Hebrew is schma is adoni elohu. Adoni Aad. In Judaism, the name of God, Yahweh, it's never spoken. Instead, they substitute the word Adonai, which means Lord, or Hashem, which means the name. When I lived in Israel, rode the bus from Natana to Tel Aviv early in the morning to catch the LL worker bus to go to work at the Bengurian airport, the national radio station, Cole Israel, the voice of Israel, would come on the air. And when they came on the air, it began with singing the Schma Israel. Hashem Elohu. Hashem Elohu. Hashem is Hashem. [Music] Elohm. Hashem. Elohu. Hashem. Amen. If you listen to the radio in Israel and you woke up in the morning, that's what you would hear. Every day in Israel when the station came on every day riding on the bus that's what I heard Israel the Lord our God the Lord is one very important Moses goes on in Deuteronomy these words which I command thee this day shall be where on a bookshelf someplace in the temple tabernacle synagogue church no there to be in thine heart. And thou, not the school system, not the priest, not the pastor, not the church, but thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children. Whose children? Thy children. This is a parental responsibility. Thou shalt talk of them when thou sitest in thine house, when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou riseest up. We see this precept in many of David's psalms. And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes. This photo is of an Israeli soldier wearing the traditional felactories during morning prayers. The schma is on tiny scrolls and the boxes on his head strapped to his arm. And thou shalt write them upon the post of thy house and on thy gates. This photo is of a muza which by the way is the Hebrew word for doorpost and it contains the schma. Well, brother Lyle, you said there was a controversy about Moses. What's the controversy and how does it affect David in the Psalms? Thank you for asking. Scholars will generally tell you that the Hebrew alphabet in its primitive form seems to have come into being about 900 BC, maybe a little before, and it evolved after that time. Well, here's the problem. If there was no Hebrew alphabet, how could God have written on stone tablets for Moses around 1440 BC? How could Moses have read it? How could David have written the Psalms with no alphabet for Hebrew until decades after his death in 970 BC? Well, was it just oral tradition that was later transcribed? Well, if that's the case, then why did Jesus attest to Moses having written the Torah? John five he says if you had believed Moses you would have believed me for he spoke no he testified no Jesus specifically says Moses wrote of me and just to be sure this wasn't a mistake he repeats this assertion but you believe not his writings how shall you believe my words so what gives The short version is that a protocontinental alphabet, it means a prototype of an alphabet based on sound, appeared as graffiti found in turquoise mines in the Sinai at a place called Sarah Elcadim, written about 1850 BC. That's it's right here. 1850 BC. Does that remind you of anyone that we talked about the last couple of months? maybe some guy named Joseph. And by about 1800 BC, it appeared inside southern Egypt in a place called Wadi Elho. And these are not hieroglyphs. These are not pictograms. These are an alphabet. By around 1450 BC, inscriptions using this alphabet disappeared from Egyptian territory about the same time that the Jewish people disappeared from that territory. And shortly after this alphabet starts appearing up here in Canaan and around 1450 BC. Isn't that about the time of the Exodus? Various scholarly endeavors endeavors suggested, oh that's Phoenician. It's not Hebrew. It didn't. But it didn't appear in Phoenicia until centuries after it appeared in Canaan. I'm sure you can read that. the Vi Lhole inscription. These inscriptions have been translated as if they were writing in Hebrew rather than some other Seemetic language. And the translations are readable if they're treated as Hebrew. That is, they're phrases and sentences. In this case, that stuff going across the middle there says, "Wine is more abundant than the daylight, than the baker, than a free man." Put it another way, it appears that during the time of Joseph, who is so wise and discerning as you asked Pharaoh, an alphabet appeared in the Western Sinai, associated with Egypt, and readable as Hebrew. Note, the alphabet is perhaps the greatest invention of all time, still in use by billions of people, some 4,000 years after its invention. Anyone here ever text Yeah. 4,000 years later. This doesn't prove that Moses wrote the Torah, but it is almost irrefutable evidence that he could have. He had the tools. Moses had the education, and there was an alphabet suitable for Hebrew expression. If we're to believe the Exodus account, God himself wrote in stone using this very alphabet. It had to be writing that Moses could read. If you get a chance, I recommend you watch this film or video, The Moses Controversy. If you like scholarly research, you might want to read Petravich's The World's Oldest Alphabet. This one will probably keep you awake. This one, not so much. Of course, it's one thing to demonstrate that an alphabet existed long before many are willing to agree it was Hebrew rather than just a general Seemetic alphabet. What effect does all this have on David? Thank you for asking that one too. David wasn't a well-educated person like Moses. David was the youngest of eight boys in a family of shepherds. We don't know if his dad Jesse was a wellto-do landowner or a semi-nomadic sheep herder in the area of Bethlehem. But for David to write psalms as a young man tending sheep or or hiding in a cave from his enemies, he would have to be literate. We're usually told that people 3,000 years ago were illiterate subsistence farmers that only well-educated scribes and other educated officials could read and write. But let's get back to what we just read in Deuteronomy. And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house and on thy gates. The Lord's command through Moses to the illiterate slave population camped in the Sinai is that the people should write these commandments on their doorposts and on their gates and always keep them in their heart and teach them to their children. God didn't say go to Walmart and buy a muza. He didn't say pay a Levite to make one for you or hire a professional to paint them on your gates. He was commanding the people to become literate. Thou second person, personal singular pronoun, thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house and on thy gates. With the gift of the alphabet, a phonetic system of writing based on sounds, they could learn to do just that. I suspect being camped for 40 years eating mana, they had time to learn, just as Moses had time to write the penetuk. I think Jesse was an ardent believer in the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob that his father taught him and that he in turn taught his sons, including his youngest, David. David will write in many psalms that he has hidden the words and teachings of the Lord in his heart. And under Samuel is a prophet and the last of the judges. I suspect the word of the Lord was kept alive in David's youth. All of which is to say that it is not a stretch to accept that there was a functional alphabet of the Hebrew language and David knew it well enough to write his compositions. Being a shepherd, he had access to animal skins to use as parchment. None of this would be possible without both an alphabet and literacy. The former provided starting in the time of Joseph a means so Moses could write the Torah and the latter a result of the commandments of God through Moses that the people be at least somewhat literate. Jesse was probably a good teacher. David a bright student motivated by a love of God deep within his heart. With this is background. Finally, brother Lyle, let's move on with David's life. As noted last time, after David's victory over Goliath, Saul became jealous of David. God allowed an evil spirit to possess Saul, who became a very unstable, bipolar person. When he was agitated, David would play music to calm Saul. But eventually, Saul tried to kill David, even as he was trying to soothe Saul. David fled to his house. Saul sent assassins and Michael saved David's life. That was in 1st Samuel 19. We went through that last time. We read Psalm 59 written at the time of or a memory of that time when the assassins came to kill him at his home. Let's go to chapter 20. David comes to his friend Jonathan, the crown prince, heir of the dynasty of Saul, son of Kish, trying to understand why Saul's trying to kill him. 1st Samuel 20:1 David fled from Naoth and Ramo where he had gone to be with Samuel after he escaped from the assassins in chapter 19. He came and said before Jonathan who is his friend the crown prince, "What have I done? What is mine iniquity? What is my sin before thy father that he seeks my life?" And Jonathan said to David, "God forbid, thou shalt not die. Behold, my father will do nothing, either great or small, but he'll show it to me. Why should my father hide this thing from me? It's not so. David, you're mistaken. You're just a little paranoid. David swear, moreover, and said, "Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes." And he says, "What? Not Jonathan knoweth this, lest he be grieved. He knows we're friends. He's keeping his intent hidden from you, Jonathan. But truly as the Lord liveth, as thy soul liveth, there's but a step between me and death. Jonathan, he really, really, really wants to kill me. This isn't paranoia. It's true. Jonathan said to David, "Whatever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee." So, they hatch a plan. What are we going to do to decide whether David's just paranoid or whether Jonathan is ignorant of what his dad wants to do? So, they come up with a plan for Jonathan to determine if David's correct or not. Skip down to verse 27. It came to pass on the tomorrow, which was the second day of the month, that David's place at the king's table was empty. Saul said unto Jonathan his son, "Wherefore cometh not the son of Jesse to meet neither yesterday nor today? Why isn't David here at my table eating with us?" Jonathan answered Saul, "David earnestly asked me leave to go to Bethlehem." He said, "Let me go, I pray thee, for our family has a sacrifice in the city, and and my brother, he's commanded me to be there. Now, if I found favor in thine eyes, Jonathan, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brothers. Therefore, he cometh not to the king's table. Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, using vile, foul, shocking language, thou son of the perverse, rebellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and under the confusion of thy mother's nakedness? Don't you get it, boy? How can you be so stupid? For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom. The Kish dynasty will end with me, you'll never be king. Do you get it now, boy? Wherefore now send and fetch David unto me, for he shall surely die. Jonathan answered Saul his father, and said unto him, Wherefore shall he be slain? What has he done? Saul cast a javelin at Jonathan to smite him, whereby Jonathan knew what was determined of his father to slay David. Skipping to verse 42, Jonathan said to David, "Go in peace, for as much as we have sworn both of us in the name of the Lord, saying, The Lord be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed forever." And David arose and departed. Jonathan went into the city, Gibia, Saul's headquarters. David now knows that as long as Saul is alive, David will have to either kill him or run and hide from him. David won't kill or harm Saul, the Lord's anointed king. So, he'll have to become a fugitive for as long as it takes. Now comes chapter 21, which contains events that inspire at least two psalms. 1st Samuel 21:1, "Then came David to Knob, a city of priests, it's just two or three miles from Giba, to Ahemc the priest. And Ahemc was afraid at the meeting of David and said to him, "Why art thou alone and no man with thee?" So here we see Knob. It's just a few miles from Gibia, Saul's headquarter, where David had just met with Jonathan. He's not very far away. He's running. And David made up a story. and said to him the priest, "The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, let no man know anything of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee. I have appointed my servants to such and such a place." Now, therefore, what is under thine hand? Give me five loaves of bread in my hand, or what there is present. I'm hungry. I left in such a hurry, I didn't have time to grab any food." And the priest answered David and said, "There's no common bread under mine hand. There's hallowed bread. The young men have kept themselves at least from women." And David answered the priest and said unto him, "Of a truth, the women have been kept from us about these three days since I came out." And and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in a manner common. Yay, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel. David's making all this up as he converses with the Himch the priest. So the priest gave David hallowed bread for there was no bread there but that which is called the shoe bread that was taken from before the Lord to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away. So this bread is sanctified only the priests are allowed to eat it but David's hungry and so he makes a deal gets the bread. Jesus referred to this event in the Gospels when challenged about plucking grain to eat on the Sabbath. Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the Lord, and his name was Doe and Edomite, the chiefest of the herdman that belonged to Saul. Doig will play a role in the next chapter and inspire another psalm when David learns a very bitter lesson. And David said unto Aimilec, "And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword? I I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me because the king's business required haste." The priest said, "The sword of Goliath the Philistine, whom thou slewest in the valley of Ela, behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod. If thou wilt take that, take it. There's no other sword or weapon except that one here. And David said, "Oh, there's none like that. Give it to me." And David arose and fled that day for fear of Saul and went to Akish, the king of Gath. You don't often find David motivated being animated by fear. So here you can see where Knob is and he goes outside the territory outside the brown border. He's now in Philistine territory and he goes to Gath. Gath, the servants of Akish. Akish is the name of the king. Just like Senus is the name of a pharaoh. So Akish is the name of a of a king and they call the king's title instead of Pharaoh, they call him Aimilec. The servants of Akish said unto him, "Is not this David, the king of the land? Did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul has slain his thousands, and David his 10,00ands?" David laid up these words in his heart and was sore afraid of Akish, the king of Gath. David, we'll find out, was twice in Gath. This is the first time. He'll go again in 1st Samuel chapter 27, but that second time he's not afraid. Psalm 56 deals with the time he was captured by the Philistines in Gath. So let's look at it in the context of 1st Samuel 21 because as it reveals David's fear to the chief musician upon if you can pronounce that tell me how it means the silent dove in the distance it's the song it's the tune that's uh that this is to be sung to it's a mikam an inscription a poem of David when the Philistines took him in death. Be merciful unto me, oh God, for man would swallow me up. He fighting daily oppresses me. He presses the attack all day long. Mine enemies would daily swallow me up. They be many that fight against me, oh thou most high. What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. In God I will I praise his word. In God have I put my trust. I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. Every day they rest. They twist my words. All their thoughts are against me for evil to harm me. They gather themselves together. They hide themselves. They mark my steps, spying on my movements. When they wait for my soul, hoping to kill me. Shall they escape by iniquity? In thine anger cast down the people, oh God, because of their wickedness, don't let them escape. In your anger, oh God, bring them down. Thou tellest my wanderings. Put thou my tears into thy bottle. Are they not in thy book? I don't think Dave cried. David cried very often. It's not sort of a much of a guy thing to do, but he's crying so much that his tears could be gathered in a bottle. When I cry unto thee, then shall mine enemies turn back. This I know, for God is for me, and God will I praise his word, and the Lord will I praise his word, and God I have put my trust. I will not be afraid what man can do unto me. Thy vows are upon me, oh God. I will render praises unto thee. I've made vows to you, God. I'll fulfill them with thank offerings to you. For thou hast delivered my soul from death. Wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling that I may walk before God in the light of the living? Everywhere he sees enemies. The king of Israel, Saul, wants him dead. The Philistines, enemies of Israel, want him dead. David's calling upon the Lord for help, expressing confidence that he will be helped. Back to 1st Samuel 21. The servants of Akish said unto him, "Is not this David, the king of the land? Did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul has slain his thousands and David his 10 thousands?" David laid up these words in his heart and was sore afraid of Akish, the king of Gath. When when David heard this, he realized he's in a very bad situation. Think about it. He ran in fear from Saul. He lied to a priest to get food and weapons. This will have terrible consequences. David then fled to Gath. Gath? Really? What's Gath? It's not just a Philistine city. It's the hometown of Goliath, the giant that he killed. Now the town's people are reminding Akish the king that David is the guy that killed their hometown hero Goliath. And what is David carrying as his weapon? The sword of Goliath which he told a himch the priest at no there's none like it. Oops. David calls on the Lord, but he realizes can't just sit back and wait for lightning bolts to fall or something that he gets an inspiration. I'm sure it's from the Lord to whom he has just appealed for help. And David changed his behavior before them. Feained himself mad in their hands. Scrabbled at the doors of the gate. Let a spittle fall down upon his beard. I'm not going to do that. Then said Akish unto his servants, "Lo, you see the man is mad. Wherefore then have ye brought him to me? Have I need of mad men that you've brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? Shall this fellow even come into my house?" David therefore departed from Gath and escaped to the cave Adulum. David composed a psalm to commemorate his escape from Akish. A song which we often sing in worship is based on this psalm. Can you guess which one it is? Psalm 34. A psalm of David when he changed his behavior before Aimilec. That's a title, right? Akish was the king's name. Biml who drove him away. I don't want this mad man in my house. And he departed. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. The modern song adaptation of this verse is let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never- ending praise. May our incense rise. My soul shall make her boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. It's all about him. It's not about us. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. Recall first Samuel recorded, David was in fear of Akish and the Philistines there at Gath. They looked unto him and were lightened, radiant. Their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him, and deliverth them. David goes on to exhort the listeners of his song, the the reader of his words. Much of what follows reads like some of Solomon's proverbs. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusts in him. Fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no want to them that fear him. The young lions do lack and suffer hunger, but they that seek the Lord shall not want shall not lack any good thing. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. What man is he that desireth life and loveth many days that he may see good? If that includes you, here's what I've learned and want to share with you, says David. Keep thy tongue from evil, thy lips from speaking guile. Maybe James got some inspiration from this. Depart from evil and do good. seek peace and pursue it. David certainly practiced this and his relationship with Saul. And it isn't just a don't depart from evil, but to do do good, seek peace. What did Jesus say about peace? Matthew 5:9, blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry. He sees us and hears us. The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. The righteous cry and the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles. The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart and saveth such as be of a contrite a humble spirit. He he repeats this in another psalm after he's king that we'll look at in a future meeting. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. He keepeth all his bones. Not one of them is broken. Evil shall slay the wicked, and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. We see in this psalm a grateful and a rejoicing young David, a young man contemplating many of the larger questions of life and its purpose, growing in faith. 1st Samuel chapter 22 is full of events that result in Psalms again giving us further insight into young David's heart as he grows and matures in preparation for becoming king. God willing we'll continue with that chapter next time. What sort of lessons are there here for us? There are many but what strikes me is we see David held unwavering faith and confidence in the Lord. But David in conjunction with his faith and reliance on the Lord always took action. When the assassins were surrounding his home, he escaped, sought refuge with Samuel. When he realized he'd made a mistake in coming to Gath, he took action. He was always learning. learning from his successes and learning from his mistakes, growing, maturing. The musicians would would please return. I've noticed many times Christians saying things along the line of, "I can't do anything. Jesus has to do it for me." But Paul wrote in Philippians, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Amen. When I first started writing software back in the 1970s, I learned of something called an infinite loop. It it must be avoided in coding or the program will lock up and fail. It it looks something like this. Step one, turn on the light. Step two, go to step one. You never escape the loop. You never find out what step three might be. The Apostle Paul said as much in Hebrews admonishing them to exercise their faith. Hebrews 5:12 he says for the when for the time you ought to be teachers you have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles the word of God and are become such as have need of milk and not of strong meat. Paul says you're in an infinite loop. Everyone that uses milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness. He's a babe. Strong meat belongth to them that are full age, of full age. Not old by reason of years, but even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. If you find yourself choking on the meat, chew a little more. Take a smaller bite next time. But don't give up. Learn from successes and failures. Paul said, "By reason of use, by doing, exercise requires effort." Brother Brandham sometimes talked of an old steam railroad locomotive. Once you light the fire, build up steam in the boiler, you can blow the whistle or you can start the wheels turning and make progress. He said, "Too many of us blow off the steam through the whistle and never get the train moving. David got the train moving and so must we. I'd like to close this portion of the service by singing together a song derived from Psalm 34. If can bring it up on the screen. Let's let's stand and and worship together. The the first line is I sought the Lord and he answered [Music] me. I sought the Lord and he answered me. He delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radars. know him will never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me. He saved me from my enies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come, exalt his name [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come and exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, bless to see who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. You'll lack nothing. He'll give you everything. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. In exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come and exalt his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our hast rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense trust. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise bless us both every day and night. Neverending praise. They are his sins right. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. He and exalt his name forever. Amen. The great warrior David, the great poet David, the great writer David, great man David. I appreciated brother Lyall starting way back in Joseph's time and he started talking about that's that's when this alphabet this Hebrew alphabet started to manifest itself and then we see Moses record the Torah first five books of our Bible as brother Lyall was talking many People might say, "Well, the Torah is a result of the alphabet." I said, "No, I think the alphabet was a result was a result of God wanting to record his word." That's right. Made me think, brother Lyall, way back, probably, I don't know, five or six hundred years ago, um, they they came up with this great invention called the Gutenberg Press and it was never there was never it was always scribes up until then. And they came up with this machine that they could move the type. They could create these plates, put ink on it, put paper on it, and print a sheet of paper over and over and over again. What was the first thing that they printed on the Gutenberg press? The Holy Bible. The very first product all after that great invention. And I really believe that God created an alphabet so Moses could record the first books of the Bible and then we've been able to enjoy them since then. Beautiful. And then uh as King David, as brother Lyall said, maybe sitting in a cave or wherever he was using that same alphabet to write down these psalms. How how wonderful that God has everything in order. We worry about stuff, but no, he's got he's got everything in order. He knew exactly when he was going to create an alphabet. He knew exactly when he was going to create the Gutenberg press. He knew he knew all about it and he had his children in mind. I um I didn't send out my broadcast this morning. I was uh I was traveling. Um but brother Ryan, my good friend, Brother Ryan Long, will be ministering for us on Sunday morning. He and I had a really nice conversation today. um will be also ministering at a minister's meeting and he uh he said what do you think about this idea and then I shared with him the thoughts that I had on my heart and they doveetailed absolutely perfectly and brother Ryan got really excited he says brother Daniels I've been struggling I didn't know if I should or I shouldn't preach on this and then finally I just said no and and and then he said but what you said this morning he said this is exactly on my heart what I want to preach on. So we will get um the longer version of that on Sunday morning and and I know it's going to be a blessing. And also, forgive me, I forgot um earlier I forgot to mention that uh some of you know that Golden Dawn uh church, Brother Isaac Noriega, the pastor, they're on the p on the front page of the Sunday newspaper again. And um it's I think they're um they're bringing charges against one of the people in his church. I think brother Isaac is um he's caught up in it. I've never met him. In fact, I don't know anyone that goes to that church, but I know that there's some in our church that come from there. And these are embarrassing things for the congregation. And just keep these these are souls. Keep them in prayer. Always be willing. I don't care friends if they have done you wrong. Don't be afraid to reach out a hand of fellowship to them and pray for them. These are hard times for that church. So just pray pray for them. And like I said, if they've done you wrong, if you've been done wrong there, are you a Christian or are you not a Christian? If you're a Christian, then you will pray for those that may have done you wrong. and you always have a right hand to fellowship out to anyone that will come um come to you for help. So, let's let's pray for them tonight. And again, I appreciate our gallant brother Lyall and all of his work and and this message that started with an alphabet and it ended with David saying, "Just taste and see for the Lord is good." Father, we love you. Lord, it's pick up this holy Bible in my hands and see that you have preserved this word through thousands of years. That you created an alphabet that could be written down. And then Lord, even more important than that, you created scribes, prophets that you spoke through that could record this for us. We thank you, Lord. We thank you for the many writings of and about this great man, King and Prophet David. And Lord, we pray, Father, also for those that would need our prayers, Father, right now that are maybe involved in in this these accusations against the church and against certain people. Lord, I I I don't know them, but I know that you know about this situation. And we pray for the the people, Father, that your hand would be upon them. And if anyone here could be a comfort to them, that we would do so. And Lord, that that your will would be done, that your hand would be upon all all of this. and Lord that it would be for your glory and for the benefit of your people. We pray. We love you Lord. We thank you for your wonderful, beautiful, precious word. May it be on our doorposts at all times and not only on our doorpost but written on the tables of our hearts. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great and how great is our God, the splender of the king. Amen. be clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. And he wraps himself in light. In darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. and trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great and how great is our God. And haste to wait he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. And the Godhead three in one and father spirit son the lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb and how great is our God. Oh sing with me. How great is our God? And so will we'll see how great and how great is our God. Oh, for he's the name above all names. Oh, he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. For he's the name above all names. He is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our [Music] God. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great and how great is our God. And he is. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great and how great is our God. For he's the name above all names. He is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. For he's the name above all names. Yes, he's worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God? And how great is our God. And sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great and how great is our God. [Music]
