################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-27 - Brother Ryan Long - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-27
Title:   Brother Ryan Long
Speaker: Ryan Long
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSy7dXXzfYM
========================================

Cuz I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] Verse two. I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus [Music] cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is loud. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. If you could put the third verse up there. Let's go to Eflat. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. [Music] To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Let's sing that verse again. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Let's sing. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness. over every enmy. Jesus, for my family, I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. [Music] Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. If the brothers want to get ready to come for the prayer request this morning. Key of G. [Music] Let's sing. You are worthy of it all. However you feel to worship him, as long as you're worshiping him this morning, that's the most important part of all of it. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing that again with all our hearts this morning. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glories. Brother Ed comes. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. &gt;&gt; Take your seats for a moment. Just a little bit of a church. Is this on? Okay. Little uh church business before we go into the prayer request. Starting tomorrow morning, the back part uh lot right here was going to be closed down for about the next two to three weeks. We're going to be having some concrete work done. All access to the to the church will be through the side or through the front entry. So, just remember that. Uh there won't be any walking uh being a lot of it's going to be maybe a trip hazard. So, we don't want anyone to get hurt. This morning we have a prayer request from Sister Amelia. She says, "Please keep me in prayer. She had a very restless night and has been um having a lot of pain in her joints. God bless you all. Sister Amelia, my wife Kathy, still out sick and having need of a touch of prayer. if you'll remember her. I don't know if anyone would have a a need from or a touch from the Lord. If you want to make known with your uplifted hand, let's go before the Lord. Our precious heavenly father, Lord, as we sang this song, you are worthy of it all. And we've come this morning to worship you. We've come to thank you, Lord, for this opportunity to be able to meet in your precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ together. We'd like to invite you into our midst this morning, Father. Lord, your word says where two or three are gathered in your name that you'll be in our midst. So father come move into this building Lord and prepare our hearts and minds to hear and to receive that which is going to be brought. Lord we want to remember all these requests and we want to thank you that Lord you can show your attributes of healing and and whatever other need there may be. Lord, Father, we we're so thankful we can call upon you this morning. So, Father, minister unto each of the needs, those were that were spoken or unspoken. Those that are streaming in, Lord, this morning, be with each of them. You know the reason. And Lord, we'd like to remember our pastor and those that have gone back back east. Ask that you'd bless them. Use them for your honor and glory, Father. And bless the brother that's about to minister this morning and be in the remainder of the service. The offerings that have been are about to be taken. Lord, we'd ask that you'd bless those for their intended purpose. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we commit all things. Amen. Thank you, brother Ed. I keep going off my list, Brother Tim. I'm going to do it a little more. I think we need to clap our hands this morning. Let's sing Hosana. Blessed be the Rock. [Music] Let's start with the chorus once we get those lyrics out. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise before we start singing this song. Amen. Oh, hosana. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Magnify the Lord with me. Magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra is his name [Music] for he proideth all my need. Is that the truth? Oh Jehovah Gyra is his name for he proideth all my needs. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my Oh, glory. Glory to his name. Oh, gloryy, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Let's sing it. Hosana. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my Let's sing that again. Hosana. Sing. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. [Music] Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Praise him. Key of G. That felt good. Let's keep clapping our hands. Down at the cross where my Savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, gloryy to his name. We got to stand on our feet for this one. Gloryy to his name. [Music] Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to his name. Verse two. Am so wonderously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within there at the cross where he took me in. Oh, gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his. Come to the fountain. Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge him today and be made complete. Oh, gloryy to his name. Hallelujah. Let's sing it together. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to his name. Let's raise our hands and sing it again. Oh, gloryy to his name. [Music] Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. Amen. Brother Ryan's going to get ready to come and minister right now. Brother Daniel sent me this. He wanted me to read it. He said between 50 and 60 people came to the to the little service they had in uh uh inner city Louisville. Um 50 and 60 people came. One young man came to the altar and gave his heart to the Lord. He says, "I think this was a special service because it opened up some doors that none of us ever expected." He said, "He'll give a full report to the church when he gets back." He said, "Greet them, tell them I love them, and I'm praying for them, and I look forward to getting home and giving a trip report." So, it's good that that make you excited to hear someone came and gave their heart to the Lord. Oh, that just makes me feel so good. Praise God. Amen. As brother Ryan comes, we're going to sing When He reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached down his hand for me. Amen. Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was wretched and vile as could be. God, my Savior above gave me peace, joy, and love when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached When he reached down his hand for me. Oh, and he reached down his hand for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Verse three. How my heart doth rejoice since I've made him my choice. From the tempest to him. Now I flee. Now I lean on his arm and I'm secure. from all harm since he reached down his hand for me. [Music] When he reached down his hand for me. [Music] when he reached out his hand for me. &gt;&gt; Well, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. God bless you, brother Ryan. [Music] &gt;&gt; If there was ever a song that could be my anthem this morning, it would be came on my heart this morning. Um, just sing it with me if you could. He knew me yet he loved me. He whose glory he whose glory makes the heaven shine. I'm so unworthy [Music] of such mercy. [Music] Yet when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. And let's sing this first verse. &gt;&gt; I'm not on a dele. I'm nothing on my own. I've made mistakes. I often slip. Just come in flesh and bone. But I'll prove someday just why I say I'm of a special kind. For when he was on the cross, &gt;&gt; I was on his mind. That second verse, that look of love. The look of love was on his face. The thorns were on his head. The blood was on his scarlet robe, stained a crimson red. Though his eyes were on the crowd that day, he looked he looked ahead inside. [Music] And when he was on the cross, &gt;&gt; you got to claim this this morning, you were on his mind. Just sing it to him this morning. For he knew me, &gt;&gt; yet he loved me. He whose glory remains the heaven shines. [Music] I'm so unworthy [Music] of such worthy. [Music] Yet when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Yet when he was on the cross, you and I were on his mind. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Our heavenly father, Lord, and and Lord, maybe our small way, Lord, and maybe our unworthy way, we just want to sing those words to you this morning, Lord, because I believe that we we know what we're singing about in this song, Lord. That we know, Father, without without you, Father, we don't have, Lord, even a chance, Father. Let Lord, despite us and despite ourselves and all of our sinful ways, Lord, you you reach down, Lord, as the song said, Lord, and and reach down and grab me, Lord, when I was unreachable, Lord. And when I was unsavable, Lord, you saved me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; And when I was without hope, Lord, Maybe somebody standing here in this building today, Lord, feels like they're without hope this morning. Maybe they have something whispering in their mind. Lord, God's God can't do that for you. You've sinned away your day. You've crossed the line. But Lord, we serve we serve a God that has no limits. We serve a God, Lord. It's you, Father, that can cross over the lines that we draw, Father. And you can save us, Lord. And when I have no hope, Lord, you provide a hope, Father. It's not a fairy tale, as the world would say. It's not a madeup emotion, Lord. It's it's a life. It's a life that is not my own, Lord, but that you've restored unto me, Father. And Lord, just by a lifting of a hand, Father, I pray if there's just a heart out there, Lord, that that needs to have confidence in something other than our own ability this morning, Lord, that they would just raise their hand to you. And Lord, just through a simple act, Lord, of just raising our hand and defying gravity, Lord, that you would let them know in their heart, Father, that you see their hand, Lord. That you see that their life, Lord, that you see that they're they mean something to you, Lord. that there's a person that Lord that you love to come and save, Lord, that you love to come and restore. Lord, that you you want to come and deliver, Lord. And you just help us, Father, to get out of the way, Lord, to to let you have your way in our lives, Lord. Help us to surrender to you this morning, Lord. And not just this morning, Lord, but as we go from this place, Father. Lord, we love you so much. We there's a many other places we could be this morning, Lord, but we Lord, the people have come and chosen to be here under your presence, Lord, under your anointing, Father. And we do that because we trust in you, Lord, that you'll come and speak to us this morning, Lord. And I pray you would just do that now just for the next few minutes, Lord, as long as you would like. That we just surrender this time to you, Lord. We surrender our hearts, our ears to you, Lord, that you would just come and have your way in our service this morning. Lord, we ask all these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You forgive me this morning. &gt;&gt; When you're ready, you can just call us back up. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. Thank you to the musicians. So good to be with you here this morning. How many is happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. There's a lot of other places we could be, but I can't think of a better one this morning than to be the house of the Lord. I sure would like to be in your seat this morning, but um you know, somebody's I guess got to stand up here and uh you know, somebody sent me something recently. I just agreed with it so much. He said uh you know, there's a difference um there's a difference between loving to preach and loving the people that you preach to. And if you know anything about me, you would know I don't love to preach. But one one reason why I always feel a privilege to accept brother Dan's invitation is I sure love the people that I come and preach to down here in Tucson. And so it makes it an easy decision. Although I wouldn't want to be up here. Uh I love you all so much. And so I hope that it comes across from our hearts how we how you feel how we feel about you. And just I praise that I pray that the Lord does something for you this morning. I believe he's already inhabited our praises this morning. How many feels his presence with us this morning? Amen. Amen. It's just good to be here this morning and uh just looking around. I just want to get a little relaxed and comfortable if that's okay. And if you have just a moment in your heart to say a quick prayer, just pray that the Lord gives me a little bit of grace and mercy this morning. Gives me something to say. Amen. We just want to get out of the way as as not only the speaker, but as the hearers, we want to just get out of the way this morning, right? And just let him speak directly to our hearts. not let our minds get in the way, the thoughts of the day get in the way. Let's just give him a little bit of moment of our time. Amen. And see what he can do with just a little bit. All he needs, you know, all he needed from David was just with just a little stone. He did the rest. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's all he needs. He just needed a little bit of time from us. Just a little bit of surrender, just a little bit of loaves and fishes. He'll feed. He'll do the rest of the work. Amen. While you're standing, let's turn into our Bibles into uh Luke. We'll just read one verse here and then I'll let you be seated and then we'll read another couple verses over in Mark Luke chapter 7. Amen. Good to be in the in the in the house of the Lord this morning. We pray that the Lord it sounds like the Lord is being good to the services there where brother Dan is at. And uh we just thank the Lord that he is uh he doesn't need to just be stuck in one place this morning. He can be everywhere and he can be delivering people all over the world. We just pray we just praise him for that. Luke 7 verse 23. Uh just a quick verse 7:23. It says, "Blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me." Amen. You may be seated. And I want to turn over to Luke chapter 8. As you're taking your seats, Luke chapter 8. Let's read a couple scriptures here. In Luke, it say I'm sorry, in Mark. I I apologize. Mark chapter 8. Amen. You just forgive me. a little I'm always get a little nervous when I get up behind the pulpit, but we just want to really rely on the Lord this morning. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many's gotten something out of a service already this morning? How many's felt the touch of the Lord? Amen. Well, then the work is done. We could just relax and let the Lord give us a little bit of bonus this morning. Amen. If we've already been in touch, brother Manny, it's good to see you on that front row with your wife. I think I was here last time and you weren't here. And I tell you, I missed seeing you on that front row. So, I just wanted to point out that I noticed when you're not here. So, I'm sure it was for good reason, but it just kind of gives me comfort to to look around and see some familiar faces. Amen. I don't have brother Daniel Jr. to pick on over in the front row. He's probably relieved. So, Markapter 8:34, uh Jesus here talking to his disciples. He says, "And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself." I just want you to remember that phrase there, "Let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. For whosoever will save his life," can we just make I didn't plan on duties. Can we just make this scripture a little bit personal this morning? &gt;&gt; Can I just make it personal to you? I don't mean to I don't want to change the word of God, but I want this to really sink down and know that Jesus is not just talking to his disciples 2,000 years ago, but he's directly talking to all of us this morning. Amen. So, I want to say this. So, if if uh you could put your name there, I'll just put if Tucson Tabernacle will save their life, they will lose it. &gt;&gt; I don't believe that's changing the word. I believe that's make taking the word from 2,000 years ago and making it apply today. But if Tucson Tabernacle and those in it shall lose their life for my sake and the gospel's sake, the same shall save it. For what shall it profit us here in Tucson Tabernacle if we shall gain the whole world but lose our soul? &gt;&gt; Or what should we gain here this morning if we give in exchange for our soul? What what would you give in exchange for your soul? Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me of my words, in this adulterous and sinful generation, of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed when he cometh in the glory of his father with the holy angels. You know, I didn't even plan on saying this, but this phrase just jumped out at me in this this adulterous and sinful generation. Can we just talk about that for just a minute this morning? This phrase is used a lot in the Bible about this being a sinful and adulterous generation. And we can certainly look at this and look at out the world and go, "Yeah, I I know what the Bible's talking about. What a sinful world that we live in. What a sinful and adulterous generation. But but the Bible, if I really want to have the effect that the Bible should have on me, I need to take the Bible and I need to apply it to myself." Amen. So I look at this and say, "Wait a minute. What about what about me? What about Tucson Tabernacle this morning? What about me, the man in the mirror? When he's talking about a sinful and adulterous generation, what is he speaking about here in the Bible?" And you'll see it all throughout the Bible. And I think what he's referring to is this, and you could you could take this and and go through the Bible and find it. You know, there was a man named Elijah. He came unto a widow woman. Remember the story? Anybody know the story? He came unto a widow woman during a during a time of famine. And he and he asked for the widow woman of everything that she had left. He asked for all the oil and he asked for all the meal that she had for a cake. And I want you to notice that that Elijah was sent unto not a divorced woman. &gt;&gt; He was sent unto a widow woman. &gt;&gt; So he was sent unto a woman. Now let's just put our spiritual caps on. Okay, we just put our spiritual caps on. This is real simple. He was sent unto a woman whose husband was no longer living. Now this is this is something I could say applies to all of us here. All of us from the day we were born were born with a husband. All of us were born from the very first day to a husband. You know all know who that husband was. It's Satan. It's the world. It's a seed that we didn't have a choice. You didn't choose to be married to this person. You were born under a nature. Amen. That that that we don't want that nature. You know, if you if you I I believe there's an example. If you lived out in an island somewhere and you never had contact with any of the evil of the world, you just lived by yourself, you know, you'd still be an evil and no good person. Do you know that? &gt;&gt; Right? Because when you were born, you were born married to a p to to to a seed. You were married to somebody that I tell you you don't want to be married to. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I've never decided to sin. I never decided." No, no, you didn't because you were born that way. See, we're already married to somebody. And I think maybe sometimes the problem definitely with myself, if I could just preach to myself this morning, is the reason why this Bible is addressing a wicked, an adulterous, and a sinful generation is a lot of times many people have come to the Lord. Many people have come to the Lord, but they but their husband is still alive. &gt;&gt; And they've come to the Lord to be married to the Lord, to be married to Christ Jesus, while they still have another husband alive. See, the old husband sometimes is only divorced. We've separated ourselves from the sin and the things we used to think, right? Oh, I'm not going to do those evil things anymore. I'm not going to I'm not going to do those habits that I used to have. Right? But sometimes, can I just can I just speak in modern terms? Is it all right if I just be open with Sometimes the ex comes over to visit sometimes, &gt;&gt; right? The ex the exspouse comes over to visit. Just put on your spiritual thinking caps. I'm not talking about natural marriage divorce. I'm talking about sometimes the the the old man, the the the husband has not been killed. The hos the husband has not been died. And if you're struggling, if you're struggling this morning to walk, if you're struggling to find a path in Christ Jesus, I wonder if you check back and see if the old husband has really died. See, because if you come into a union with Christ and you try to have a relationship with him &gt;&gt; and the old husband hasn't died, you're actually committing adultery &gt;&gt; with the truth. &gt;&gt; Now, that sounds like what do you mean talking about committing adultery? No. No. God's not committing adultery. We're committing adultery. &gt;&gt; See, the old husband cannot be alive and you have a relationship with a new one. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if there's a problem, if there's just a little, you know, sometimes you're like, I'm going along good. I'm going along for three months or How many is a How many's a new Christian in here? How many is a Christian that maybe has been a Christian for a year or two years or five years? I call that new Christian, but that's not There's There's several hands. You say, "I'm I'm going along just fine." And then all of a sudden, brother, I I I trip up. I make a mistake. And then I think to myself, well, why does it even matter? I might as well just go back to doing what I was doing, right? How many How many gets that whispered in their ear? Well, I was doing so well, but then the willpower ran out. Or I I you know, I I I thought I was over that thing. I think I think we need to take a look at that old husband and see if maybe it's just been divorced. &gt;&gt; Kind of waiting to come back in whenever there's a chance. Waiting for an opening to come and whisper. I didn't really plan on going that route, but I just see this phrase, an adulterous generation. And sure, it'd be a real easy target just to apply it to the world, but the world's not trying to get married to Jesus Christ. They're not living in adultery. They're living with their first husband. So, if it's talking about an adulterous generation, it's talking about somebody who's trying to be married to the world and also trying to be married to Christ. &gt;&gt; And I found many times when I examine my own life, it's if it's no good for me, it's no good for you out there. If I examine my own life, have I really put that old husband in the grave? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, that was I guess they would say that's free. That that wasn't part of it. That was a little bit free. But I but the scripture was so good. It says, "Whoever come after me, let him deny himself." And then this this first scripture, uh, "Blessed is he who is not offended in me." If I just want to concentrate on that for a few minutes this morning. I pray we won't take too long this morning. Um, I don't I don't usually go down the path of sometimes definitions, but I think it's really important to know what sometimes what a word means. To be offended means to feel hurt or angry or upset because something said or done that is perceived as disrespectful, insulting or wrong. &gt;&gt; Has anybody ever felt offended? &gt;&gt; All right, there's there's a few in here are not struggling with that, but I I can raise my hand. It's a feeling of indignation or displeasure that arises when one's beliefs, values, dignity, or sense of self are challenged, you know, and can I I'll just take a real easy this is just kind of cherrypicking a real easy example. We live in a world of offense, right? If you're not, if you don't see the offense that's going on in the world, you that means you don't own the internet. You don't ever walk outside. You don't own a phone or a newspaper. Because as soon as you look at what's happening in the world, you see that we just live in a world that's just full of people being offended by something. You know, you could be offended by u everywhere we see people are offended. Offended by something that said, right? offended by something that somebody stands for. You know what I'm talking about. Offended by something somebody doesn't stand for. Offended by what the right and the left say. Offended by what Biden says, about what Trump says. Right? Offended by a flag. Offended that you don't carry a flag. Amen. Who am I? Who am I preached to this morning? Right? It just hits home. Offended by a sign in a front yard or no sign in a front yard. Offended by a bumper sticker. Right? Everybody's offended by every single thing and it just right it just seems to keep getting worse. Now that's that's okay. That's that's a problem. But that's a problem for somebody who's still married to the world. &gt;&gt; See, that's a problem for somebody whose husband hasn't died yet and been put away &gt;&gt; into the grave. And and you know, sometimes if I'm not careful, I find myself being offended by these things. Sometimes I'm not even involved in it and I get offended for somebody else for them. Right? I see a news story I'm like, "Wow, I'm offended. I wasn't even I wasn't even the one insulted, right?" Because we have a personal stake in these things is what we believe. But you know, those are the affairs of the world. You know, politics politics is not going to save anything. Being on the right side or the wrong side, it's not going to save anything. I I I just think I think personally we spend a little bit too much time worried about those things. You know, God's not worried about those things. And if God's not worried about those things, why am I worried about those things? &gt;&gt; If God's not if he's not in those affairs, why am I getting in those affairs? &gt;&gt; Why should I care what somebody says about God when I know it's not true? &gt;&gt; Am I going to go change their mind? I don't know. That's just how I feel. But what happens now? Now that's Now that's when you you happen to be born of the world, which we're all born of the world at the beginning, right? If you find yourself being offended by those things, let's let's check our birth a little bit. But sometimes there's another problem that happens. And sometimes that problem is when you're born of a church. You just go into that a little bit this morning. The likelihood that you're going to be offended by something that goes on in the church is 100% certain if you're born of the church. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm talking about. Born of the church. &gt;&gt; You know, when you when you when you come into a church, I believe in church. I mean, we're stand sitting in one this morning. I believe in church, but you know, we're not supposed to be married to the church. &gt;&gt; See, if if you manage to kill the old husband and he died and he's buried, you could also get married to the next one that's the wrong one. &gt;&gt; See, if you get married to the church, you're going to find yourself in a new set of problems that look a lot like the old set of problems. &gt;&gt; Offended. You know, uh can I just go through a few of these? Are we okay this morning? You know, sometimes we get offended when the songs are a little bit too fast. &gt;&gt; And if you've traveled around in churches, you'll know that they get offended. Some people, you know, that song's a little bit too fast. Or, you know what, we those a little bit too slow. We like our worship a little bit more lively. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you haven't traveled around, maybe you don't run into this, but I think it's I think it's a problem. You know, those How about this one? Uh, Brother Josiah, you probably never heard this one before. You know, those songs are just a little bit too modern. I don't I'm not going to sing along to that song because it's not an oldfashioned song. And then you get, okay, I'll just play both sides. And then you get people like, those songs are too oldfashioned. I don't know the words. I don't know the melodies. I'm not going to sing along. These other songs are what speak to me. I'll just leave I'll just leave that one alone because I I'm a musician as well, so it's not like I don't hear these things. So, you know, offended because the congregation was too loud. You you you can you believe that? &gt;&gt; You know, there's there's uh there's pastors and ministers that are offended if the congregation gets too loud. And then there's some that are offended when they're too quiet. Oh, I need to hear some more amens. You know, if you got to pull amens out of people, you know, maybe check and see what's being said. You know, I &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's just the way I feel. You know, maybe we're offended when it's too quiet or we get offended when it's too loud. I'm just going to preach to human beings because I think, you know, I run into this all the time, but you know, um, you know, I don't know about this one. You're offended sometimes when you know sin is going on in the church and you're offended that the preacher doesn't get on the sin hard enough. Well, I know things are going on in the church and the preacher should preach against it. And we don't have to say amen to this part, but you know, the preacher preaches against I wish he was just a little bit more corrective on the sin, right? And then the other side maybe get offended when the preacher's just a little bit too hard on the correction side. Well, you know, I'm just a human being. I I I I don't know if any of this makes sense to you, but it does to me because I could just put a mirror right here and realize I I've been offended by all these things. &gt;&gt; I found myself in offense with this. Offended when, you know, how about when the preacher goes a little bit too long, &gt;&gt; right? Well, you know, you know, you know, it says, you know, over here in this message that you should be only going to and then at the same exact time go, "Well, Lord, why aren't you answering my prayers? I needed an answer from you." And you know, maybe sometimes we want the the preacher to be done in one hour. I'm not saying I'm going over an hour, so this is But you know, and maybe the Lord wants to come and talk to you at 1 hour and 1 minute. And at one hour, you shut off. We shut off our hearts. We shut off our minds. and the Lord was just right on the other side of what we expected, waiting to talk to us. &gt;&gt; And then sometimes I walk away from church going, "Well, I didn't really get anything out of that." And the Lord would say, "Well, I was there. You felt me in your worship. You welcomed me. You invited me. I just wanted to have preeminence in your service. Let me have preeminence." I'll just get a little bit personal. Sometimes we get uh offended when something's preached, a doctrine that we just don't like, something that we just don't agree with, something we just don't clearly see. might get a little bit offensive there and go, "Well, I don't know if I'm gonna go back." Nobody's ever done that, right? I just don't know if that's the church for me. You know, some stuff were said and I don't really know if I like that. You know, that all of that is by God's design. And I know it's hard to see right now, but can we just let's progress a little bit? You know, maybe the worship's a little bit different. Like we said, maybe the preaching's a little bit different. Maybe the doctrine's different. And I just wonder sometimes if God just gets so tired of all of our attempts to tell people how to believe, Brother Aaron, this is how you should believe. This is how you should sing. This is how you should worship. This is how you should praise the Lord. This is how you should live. This is how you should stand. You got to shout this way. You got to be quiet this way. You got to sit in the pew here. You got to come up to the altar. You got to stay in your seat in the altar. I think the Lord just gets a little bit tired of that. And I think personally if he want if he what the Lord really wants this is my opinion but I think I could back it up by the word of God is not for you to be quiet or for you to be loud or for you to jump and shout or for you to stay still or for you to come up to the altar or for to you preach a certain doctrine or not preach a I think what the Lord God wants is he wants control of you and control of the service &gt;&gt; and he wants to do with the service what he wants to do with the service which almost all the time goes against what I want the service to be Like &gt;&gt; I've seen the Lord when he really comes into control, he makes people who can't do anything but sit in their pew jump and shout and say amen. &gt;&gt; And then he makes people who can't do anything but jump and shout and say amen sit still in their pew and weep. That's when the Lord has control. &gt;&gt; He has control of our speaking. But no, we want to have I I'm going to I'm going to preach to you from notes. I don't want to have notes. I don't want to have anything. I just want to surrender to the Lord my mouth. And I want you to surrender your heart to the Lord so that he has control of the service. And I tell you, it's not just for service. If you walk out the door and you retain control of your life, you're going to find your life going like this all over the place because he wants the control to continue outside of those doors. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if I find myself stumbling, if I find myself going off in a direction that doesn't seem profitable to me, I wonder if I've taken the wheel back from the Lord. Especially sometimes after a service that was so good where I surrendered it and the Lord comes and talks to me and he delivers me and then I go, "Okay, okay. Thanks for getting me back on the right track. Let me take over again. I got this." And maybe, you know, I would say a week later, but maybe sometimes, man, it's like a day later or maybe it's like an hour later, I'm off in the ditch again, thinking that I can steer the thing. But he wants to have preeminence in our lives. He wants to have control of our lives. What does that mean? That means every decision that you make, I I don't know. I I don't know if we can wrap our minds around this one. Every decision you make has nothing to do with you and everything to do with him. &gt;&gt; Oh, you know what? I'm going to decide to do this thing because I believe the Lord's going to be pleased and it will also be good for me. That's not the right thought. Only God matters. &gt;&gt; There was a man I I hope it's okay to read this. This was something that was sent to me. Uh my wife sent me this about a year ago and I just kind of put it to the side and I saved it. But as I was studying it came to my mind uh there's this uh a man in the 1800s a pastor that said this in South Africa. He said humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing and to wonder at nothing that is done to me. to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me and at rest when I am blamed or despised. And I think there's a modern phrase that we say, but it comes from this. The humble person is not the one that thinks badly of himself. He simply does not think of himself at all. And I think there's a modern saying is that humility is not thinking less of yourself. It's thinking of yourself less. And you say, "What does this have to do with what you're talking about?" Blessed is he that is not offended in God. And I think out of all the times that I I believe that we're at the end of time, I I believe it's just so close. And out of all the time that has been, I don't think there's ever been a more offended generation of people than this generation. And I think that that that there's never been more people offended at the word of God than right now. Unless we just think Jesus was just talking for his time and his words just had an end. But I don't believe that. I believe his words are for this time. See, if he's if he's in control, that means you can't be. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's &gt;&gt; that's hard. That's hard. That's That's I mean, that's that's good. But that's hard. You know why? Because I I take control sometimes without even realizing I took control and I took it away from God. Well, I'll do this and I'll do this. The Holy Spirit has to be what's in control of you. &gt;&gt; And it can only be what's in control of you if you're married to it. &gt;&gt; See, if there's still a husband that's alive, if there's still a husband out there, the Holy Spirit can never fully have control of us. And he wants control of your tongue. Definitely your tongue, right? &gt;&gt; All right. Maybe maybe maybe today though it's it's fingers. Right? Gossip used to be hey brother Aaron so and so but now gossip just travels just like this. Right? He wants control of that. I know this is so basic and this is so simple but this I I don't know this is where I I want to show you that that I believe in the scripture that this is one of the last battles that we have. The battle is not how much knowledge do we have. We have so much we have so much scriptural knowledge and revelation like no age has ever had. The battle is how big we get with all that knowledge. &gt;&gt; How do you know if the Lord has control of your life? Anybody think of that question right now? Wait a minute. Okay, I believe that the Lord How do I know when the Lord has control? because of offense. See, the Lord offense is the tool that God uses to show you whether he's in control or not. That sounds strange, right? The Lord's not like that. No, the Lord is like that. See, because he's not going to save you. Can I give you just a little I I hope this is a boost. The Lord cannot save you and lose you. &gt;&gt; You want to have you want to have faith in something? &gt;&gt; The Lord cannot save you and then later on because of things you've done lose you. &gt;&gt; He will not allow you to upset his salvation. I mean, if there's something that should give us a boost this morning is that even I cannot mess up the plan of God for my life. And if somebody could mess it up, brother Manny, it would be me. It would be me. But God will not allow you to mess up his plan for your life. &gt;&gt; He cannot give you of himself and then you be lost. Because listen now, if the Holy Spirit lives right here, if that's the one that I'm married to, then God would be lost if I was lost. because he cannot give you the Holy Ghost and then take it back from you and go, "Okay, well, you made a mistake. You're off there. I'll just give it to somebody else." If he once does a work in you, he'll finish that work. And he cannot allow you to be lost in the meantime. But how does he how does he get us to that place? He gets us to that place by letting us encounter situations and things that see if an offense comes up inside of us. Offense is the tool that God uses to check the condition of your heart and my heart. He wants to check and see who's piloting the ship. Is it you? See, because if you're offended, if I get offended by something, that means there's a something inside that is offended. And God is not offended. See, if there's still a part of me that is that has preeminence, a part of me that is the bigger person in the picture, then there's something to be offended by. You know that if you if you get offended by anything and and I'm telling you, this is a really hard message for me to preach because I feel like I get offended by by things. I don't know about you, but I find myself getting offended by dumb little things. And every time I do, I go, "Oh, there's still some more of Ryan that was alive that needs to die." Offended when my my coffee takes too long. I I can say, "Amen." Because it just happened like two days ago. Offended, right? Because there's still some. And what is God doing? You think God's just saying, "Hey, I just I did that for you. I did that for you." You know, that that was for you to see that there's still somebody else in that control tower. uh he wants to he uses a fence to see who's being worshiped. See, because sometimes the problem is the problem is is is the glory. Where is the glory going to? You know, if we live in an age of anything today is the age of the worship of the woman. Now, I'm not preaching against women. I'm preaching against the spirit that is behind the worship of the woman. And if you think that's just in the world, no, no, no, it's not just in the world. It's that's what I'm saying. If you're married to the church, you're going to have a problem with this even worse than when you're in the world. See, that there's a there's a lifting up of the church above the word of God. Well, the doctrine of the the word says this, but my church says this. Which one you going to take? You going to be offended at the word, or you going to be offended at what the church said? You know, I I'm going to even go Can I go just a little bit farther with that? You know, I I believe Can I just I just want to make a statement. We shouldn't have to make these qualifying statements, but I don't want to offend anybody. I mean, I I I didn't think that would be funny because I was serious. I just don't want to offend anybody. Can I'm going to make a qualifying statement. I believe that I am in the bride of Christ. &gt;&gt; All right. I believe I'm a part of the bride of Christ. despite all my mistakes and despite that I don't deserve to be there, he loved me and he is making me worthy to be in the bride of Christ. Right? But also, if we're not careful, we will worship the bride more than we'll worship the bridegroom. &gt;&gt; We'll worship the title of bride &gt;&gt; because the spirit of the worship of the woman has fallen over us. And we'll say, "Well, I'm in the bride and the bride says this, so that's what I'll do." When that's not what's important. It's what the bridegroom says. &gt;&gt; And the bride should be forming herself after what the bridegroom wants to see, &gt;&gt; after what he likes. Now, that takes some real humility because when the Lord does something for you and he lifts you up out of a life of sin and he places you in a place you've never been before, it's very easy to feel exalted. Amen. &gt;&gt; Very easy to to You know what? The last enemy, one of the last enemies we're going to battle is pride. &gt;&gt; And pride does not come when I'm in the pig pen. Pride comes when I've been taken out of the pig pen, cleaned up, and placed inside the house of my father. Then I have to battle pride setting in. &gt;&gt; Pride that I deserve to be in that spot. pride that well now that I'm in that spot I'll go ahead and do it like I see fit. You know the problem there? I I I I me the B he said in the scripture if you want to follow after me who do you need to deny &gt;&gt; yourself. You got to deny yourself. &gt;&gt; Well that sound that's your whole message brother. Deny yourself. Try it one time. &gt;&gt; You think this is the milk? This is the meat of the word. Try one time denying yourself. And you know what? You could do it. Try two times. &gt;&gt; Try it for a day. You're going to have you're going to have the most upside down day you've ever had if you try denying yourself for a whole day. I know. I've tried it. But yet, that's what we're called to do. And you say, "Well, I've denied myself. I'm coming to church. I denied myself. I'm living a better life." You know Jesus said he said you know all of you will deny me. He said the shepherd gets struck and the sheep will scatter. Every single one of you deny me. You know what Peter said? Oh I'll never I'll never deny you Lord. You know what Peter even says in that scripture? He said Lord Jesus said all of you will be offended. And Peter said I'll never be offended. He said no. I said you're going to be offended. Peter said I'll never be offended. So if you if you have the testimony, oh you know, brother, I don't I'm not offended by the word. That's not even scriptural. It's not even scriptural. We know what happens in that story. I am Listen now. We are and will be offended by the word so that it can reveal the part that still needs to die. I know that's so backwards sometimes from our thinking, but the word the word is given to us to reveal the part of us that God cannot he cannot have go. He cannot be part of that. There there's a part of us that can that has no place with God, but he's trying to save the part that does. And he does that by offense. I know this is just so kind of backwards, but and it says this. There's another in the Bible when it says offended. Be be blessed is he that is not offended. There's a whole actually different set of definitions to that word. It says to trip up, to ent trap, to cause, to fall away. You say, "Wait a minute. Blessed is he who is not offended." You know what Jesus is saying? Blessed is he. Now, this you got to wrap. This is not this is not milk. Think about this from a from a from a standpoint, but I know I know that you can take it. I know that you could understand this by the grace of God. Blessed is he who Jesus himself cannot even cause to fall away. You say, "Wait a minute. Okay, hold up. Time out. Jesus is not going to do that to me." No. No. God is going to do that. You know why? Because he can't lose you. &gt;&gt; He can't lose you. and you say, "Well, I need some scripture." Let's go to Second Thessalonians. If you want to just jot it down, I'll just turn to it real quick. I know I know this gets a little bit uh dicey right in this area, but uh I believe it's in this scripture. And I I know that that doesn't sound that sounds cruel, doesn't it? Does it sound a little bit unfair that God would do that? And that's the first thing is that's one of the first tests. Will you be offended when you find out that God himself is the one causing the offense? You know, there's a huge doctrinal point that I don't think we struggle with, but in the world, it's one of the biggest doctrinal struggles, and that's a baptism, right? Is it baptism in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or is the baptism in the Lord Jesus Christ? Well, if you if you if you've gotten a revelation of what it is, you're like, I don't struggle with that. That's pretty easy. But who's the one who had introduced the doctrine that causes the struggle? &gt;&gt; Jesus did. &gt;&gt; Why? because his will not be deceived. His seed will not go off into error. You say, "Well, that I don't know about that. That just sounds cruel." But let's just let's just look at what what he's talking about here. Is this still okay? I know this is not good. I know this is not like jump up and down preaching, but I pray that this I trust that this strengthens us in this day of offense. 2 Thessalonians 2:3, "Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there except there come a falling away first. That day shall not come except there come an offense, an offending for that man of sin and that man of sin be revealed the son of pision predition who opposeth and exalted who himself. Who is he talking about? Anybody who lifts up themsself over God above all that is called God or that is worshiped. So he so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. Where is the temple of God? Let's just start out real simple. Where is the temple of God? Right here. So who's sitting in the temple of God, man? He said Jesus. What if I'm sitting there? What if I'm still in the control tower sitting there? You know what I've done? I've just fulfilled verse four. that because I'm sitting in the temple of God, I actually am God. Remember ye not that when I was with you, I told you these things, and now you know what withholdeth, that he might be revealed in this time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work, only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. And then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming, even him whose coming is after the working of Satan, with all power, signs, and wonders, and with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish, because they receive not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie. that they all might be damned who believe not the truth but had pleasure and unrighteousness. Who's sending the strong delusion? You know what God's going to do? You know what he has been doing? Even if we don't realize it, he's been sending you reasons to be offended. You say, "Well, I I must have failed." That's okay. That's why he sent it. See, there's a there's a scripture in the Bible, too. He talks about uh I think it's in Matthew 15. You know, there's a woman that comes to him. She's a Sarapheneician woman. She's not a Jew. She's a Greek. She comes to him and says, "Lord, I have I have a need for you. I I have somebody sick at home." You know, if you don't know, you know what I'm talking about this story. You know what he tells her? It's not meat. It's not good to take the children's food and give it to the dogs. I don't know about you. Okay, let's I know this has been preached on a lot of times, but if you came into church this morning and Brother Dan started calling you dogs, how many would go, I'm not going back. I don't know. That'd be hard for me to take you dogs. You bunch of dogs. And yet Jesus himself calls this woman a dog. Now if anybody listen now if anybody was going to be offended, it was her. You know what she did? Truth Lord. &gt;&gt; Truth Lord. There was nothing left inside to be offended by it. She had denied herself. The need of her heart was greater than her own self. And she came to the only one who could answer that need. We know that. But do you think do you think he was mean? Sounds mean. But without that test, she never her faith he nobody would have known what her faith was. And yet here we are 2,000 years later talking about this woman because God calls her a dog and she says, "True, Lord." True, but I still have a need. &gt;&gt; And as a dog, I still have rights &gt;&gt; to what falls off the table of a child of God. And he says, "Your words, that's faith that I've been looking for." It seems so strange that God would cause that situation and yet he puts every single one of us to that test. Every single one of us that test. Are you going to be offended when something said at church that you maybe just didn't like? What are you going to do? I'm never going back. I'll go find another church. Or you going to say, you know what? True, Lord. True. But I have a need on my heart. I have something I hate need of so much that I don't care what you call me. I don't care how you look at me. I'm going to crawl up to you, even as a dog, and I'm going to ask for it. &gt;&gt; You want to talk about humility is when there's nothing left inside to be offended. &gt;&gt; I I I got to confess, I'm just I don't think I'm there yet. There's still there's still things said where I'm just like, I don't know about that. Something's preached and well, I just don't know about what was said right there. Even just a little uprising. You know how you know what God does that? He doesn't need to see that reaction. You do. He He knows He knows who you are. &gt;&gt; He doesn't need to see how you reacted to him. He wants you to see the reaction. Is there still something that needs to go out and die? See, because he knows all that are his. Amen. He knows all that are his and those that aren't. And the Bible says straight is the gay and gate and narrow is the way. And we say okay well that's good. Straight is the gate. But if there's a way to make it to the Lord if there's a pathway and there's a direction that means anything besides that direction is separating those into the lost. You say oh God is a good God. He is a good God. But if he makes a gate that you have to go through at the same time all those that don't go through that gate are not his. &gt;&gt; And who did that? God did that. If he creates and he causes an offense, it's just so hard to to wrap our minds around sometimes, but if he causes an offense, it's to see who's going to be offended. If you're going to be offended, what are you going to do about it? You're going to you're going to latch on to that offense. You're going to root out the reason why there was an offense to begin with and find out where the real problem is. Amen. In 1 John 4:1, he says this, uh, beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is of God. Every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is not of God. And this is the spirit of Antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come, and even now already is in the world. Ye are of God, little children. &gt;&gt; You are of God, little children. I I don't care if you just came into the if you just came into church yesterday or 10 years ago. You are of God. He has put in you an overcoming power. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, wait a minute. I've overcoming power. I don't even understand. I haven't even read half the Bible. I don't understand." He has put in you an overcoming power to overcome this one. &gt;&gt; You want to overcome the world? Let's overcome this world. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to I'm not going to try to change the world, but I we'll go we witness to the world. We speak to the world, but this is the world I need to overcome. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. They are of the world, therefore they speak of the world, and the world heareth them. We are of God. He that knoweth God heareth us. He that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby, this is how you know the spirit of truth and the spirit of of error. This is how you know. Oh, wait a minute. This thing that I was offended by, this thing that I heard that I didn't like. Oh, this is God testing me. Or I could just be offended. I could just be offended and say, "Well, there's nothing to that. I'll just Yeah, I'll just go listen to somewhere else. Or by the spirit of God, you'll know. Wait a minute. Lord, you did that for a reason. You did that for a reason. Oh, Lord, you're testing me. Where where is it? Where's the part of me that's offended by you? That's the part I want to be rid of. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a way that seemth right. Right. And there's a way that seemth true. The control of the Holy Ghost means the death of the one that was controlling in the first place. You know, there's a difference. Being born into the world, being born into Tucson Tabernacle, being born into a church, being born into the message, being born all those things. Those births won't bring you anything but offense. There's only one birth. Oh, the word says this. What does my church say? That might be a new birth, but it's not the new birth. And the birth of somebody, the birth of the church alone. Sometimes somebody's born into a church and they don't find out for 20 years they were born into the church because they've just been going along. I just been going I know I was born into a church going along with a church for most of my life just going along with what the church says. And then all of a sudden just thing after thing started to come and I realized oh Lord I was never the things I were getting offended at was the word of God. And the thing I was taking over the word of God was what my church said, what my pastor said, what my what my family said, what I said. And the word of God was saying something different. And you would say, "Oh, that's ins there's no way you would take that over the word of God." It happens just like that. It happens so easily without us knowing. And and the word of God is is is made this way to test us. Amen. The Holy Spirit. And that birth is a different birth. And even with the new birth, we want control of it. You know that. Can I give you an example? We say, "We got the Holy Ghost. I got the Holy Ghost." How about the Holy Ghost getting you? &gt;&gt; He said, "That's just a phrase. Come on now. That's just a sentence." You're right. It is just a sentence. But I don't want to be in control. &gt;&gt; I don't want to just have the Holy Ghost. I think sometimes that's a problem is I have the Holy Ghost, Brother Aaron. But does it have me? Because if I have it, it could just be a real good outside anointing. I feel good. I praise the Lord. I go out refreshed. I go out ready to ready to fight the world. And then it's gone because maybe it never had me. And I I I'm not just trying to turn a phrase to be to be cute. These are meaningful things. And it's it's so meaningful that God puts them in the Bible. Puts them right in the Bible and and has somebody who's just so inefficient to come and talk about it. But it's but it's but go search it out. It has meaning in the Bible. What about the Holy Ghost has got me? What a difference it makes when the Holy Ghost has you. Because if the Holy Ghost have you, then then your burden is light. your yoke is easy. Because you make no mistakes. No. No. Absolutely not. And that's one of the biggest lies of the devil is to tell you, "Oh, look, you made a mistake again. I guess you didn't have that thing that you said you had." That's that's nothing but a that's nothing but a lie. And I know you say that's such a simple thing to preach about, but I know that's the attack of the devil on most of the people in the church of God. &gt;&gt; Is go, "Oh, well, you never had it to begin with. See, you never had it to begin with because you went out and did that thing that you said you weren't going to do. But the but the spirit of God will cause you to come back." &gt;&gt; See, I it's not about whether you fall down or not, right? The spirit of God is not going to prevent you. Listen, the spirit of God is not going to prevent you from falling down. &gt;&gt; The spirit of God is not going to prevent us from being offended. The spirit of God is going to cause you to get back up every single time you fall. The spirit of God is going to cause you to go, "Man, I was offended. Why was I offended? &gt;&gt; Let me search out the reason." No, no, no. It's not brother Dan. It's not brother so and so. It's not the sister over here that say it's not the Bible. It's not God. There's something inside that has to die. And the Holy Spirit will cause you to search out that thing and go put go put it to death. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not because we don't make mistakes. I think I think that the the prophet says in the message that we backslide many times &gt;&gt; every day. There's some people that that are offended by that. I'm not offended by that. That gives me that gives me hope. &gt;&gt; That gives me a hope that I wouldn't have had otherwise. &gt;&gt; I'm going to read you this. It says, "The Holy Spirit brings you into operation or in control of God." This is out of what it takes to make a Christian life. or in control of God and that you walk in peace and in love and in joy with longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. You see, it isn't something you do. &gt;&gt; How come you can say, "Thank the Lord. It's not something that I do because every single time I do it, Brother Aaron, it goes wrong." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you know what I'm talking about, brother. Right. Every single time I do it, it goes good for a while. Oh, I'm feeling good. I'm walking in his ways and then, oh man, what happened there? I'm off. I'm off in the weeds again. How do I know that happens? Offense comes and I know there's still a man that needs to die inside. It isn't something that you do. It's something the Holy Spirit does in you. You see, it's no longer an intellectual thought of your own. It's a subconscious moving of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; What what a what a joy should come to our hearts that it doesn't have anything to do with you controlling it, you moving it, and you making it happen. It's a subconscious movement of the Holy Spirit. It'd be like if I told you, you know what, brother? Uh you know what, brother? I I want you to dream a dream tonight. I want you to dream this specific dream. Go try and see if you could do it, right? This is what I want you to go to sleep tonight and I want you to dream about this. You're not going to dream about it. But when it's a subconscious movement of the Holy Spirit, it does what it wants. That's how that's how in control the Holy Spirit should be of our lives. It is I I don't know. It's just such a foreign thought to us sometimes. But but maybe it's just me. Maybe it's not a foreign thought to you, but for me it's I want him in control while I'm sleeping, while I'm awake, when I'm talking to somebody, and that and that those words come out of my mouth that are coming from a point of I want him to take that and capture it before it comes out. &gt;&gt; That's how that's the way I want to be. I I I'm working towards that. What is it? It doesn't mean an experience that you shouted or spoke with tongues. Those things are fine. It's not preaching against it, but that's not what I'm talking about. your if your life doesn't cooperate and doesn't testify of your emotions that when you receive the holy that when you spoke of tongues and then you're deceived because the Holy Spirit takes your innermost being and controls you as you are and makes you and forms you into a Christian man or woman. Most of my life I've tried to become a Christian man or woman. Anybody else? Anybody else? Has it worked for? I'm glad there's no hands that went up on that one. I don't know. This is like this is about as simple as a message you could get, but but if but if it doesn't work, why do I keep doing it? &gt;&gt; Right? It's like if I hit my head against the wall and it hurts, why do I keep hitting my head against the wall? I I'm finishing up. I I know this is this is about as slow as it could get, but it forms you into a Christian man or woman. It ticks off with your life. It matches your life. There's something in you pushing you to make you do it anyhow. It makes you love those who spit on you. &gt;&gt; See, if you're in control, you'll get offended when they spit on you. Sometimes it's even like righteous righteous offense, right? How dare you spit on me? I I I I have the truth. I'm talking about the truth. How dare you spit on me? If you spit on me, you're spitting on the word of God. You know, that's just that's me being offended. God's not offended by that. He knows whose is his. He knows who's not his. &gt;&gt; But sometimes I get offended for God. &gt;&gt; And if he's not offended, why am I being offended by it? But his spirit will say, "Oh, you know, they spit on you." Look, they spit on you. Love them. And he didn't just tell you to do this. He did this. He's hanging on the cross and those spitting on him and those mocking him and those doing anything, he says, "Lord, don't hold this against them. Put this on my account." I I I don't know. That's a That's a That is a a step. I don't know if you're there. If you're there, praise the Lord. I'm not trying to say anybody else is not there. That's a step that you cannot make without the Holy Ghost having complete control of the ship. And he cannot have complete control of the ship if I keep grabbing the wheel from him. When you get this spirit in you, sorry, it makes you love those that spit on you. It makes you love those who said you're insane. When you get the spirit in you, then the burdens of life become light. You don't notice it anymore. How many want some light burdens? &gt;&gt; The yoke is lined with feathers. It becomes so easy. And then the people that pile things on you, Amen. We I mean that if anything should get an amen, it's that people pile things on top of you. You're like Samson at the gates of Gaza and pick up the big brass gate and just pack it on up the hill. When you get to a place that the Holy Spirit has got you, not you, the Holy Spirit. I take it right out of the message, but the Holy Spirit has got you. You say, "I got the Holy Ghost." I don't think that should be said. You must say, "The Holy Ghost got me." Then when you Holy Ghost gets you the burden and the yoke is easy, then you pick up the big gates of Gaza and pack them straight to Calvary. And there on Calvary, you lay them at the feet of Jesus and pray for your enemies. &gt;&gt; Not with a grudge, Lord, if you just bust them open. Man, I love the way that it's just so plain. I just make a confession. And you know how many times I've gone to the Lord and Lord if you just I didn't say would you bust him open but Lord you know you try to make I don't mean to be funny but it's you put it in a way where you think it's pleasing to the Lord. Lord if you would just if you just bring some correction to them. Lord if you would just show them show them your way. If you would just and the Lord's like you're the one offended. You're the one offended by what they did. Why would I bring them correction? I'm trying to bring you correction. &gt;&gt; See, there's still something inside that's offended when somebody does. And we're talking about brothers. Can we just be frank? We get offended by brothers and sisters and they're not spitting on us. &gt;&gt; Sometimes they just say one little sentence in a certain tone that we didn't like and we want to go before the Lord and go, "Lord, would you just bust them open?" I'm not saying we pray that way, but right, Lord, I you know, I just don't know about them. I They shouldn't have had that spirit against me and I I didn't do anything wrong. Yes. You know, sometimes you didn't do anything wrong and you still we still get offended, right? The Lord just showing us there's something inside that's still got to die. &gt;&gt; Lord, if you just bust him open, no, no, no, no. with something though from your heart that says, "Dear God, that man is a man like I am." It It's It's such a uh It's such a uh backwards way of thinking from my thinking. And that's that's the whole point. That's the whole point of God being in control of the ship is that it isn't done the way I would do things. And and I I I tell you, I feel a little bad because this is so broken up and this is so this is not a this is not a like a rallying kind of message, but when I when I read about this and I see it in the Bible and I see it in the word and then I go out and try to do it, I'm so disappointed in myself and I become so discouraged in myself when I go out and try to do this and God's saying, "Listen, listen. You can't do it. You can't. That's the whole point. &gt;&gt; You can't do it. If you are going to try to listen, listen to me, my my brothers and sister. If you're going to try to not be offended, you you'll fail. You're going to be offended by something. Maybe nothing I say would offend you, but something somewhere is going to be preached from a pulpit or or worshiped in a song or said to you from somebody, and it's going to be a test of whether you're going to be offended or not. And as long as you are trying, there's a problem. Neither am I saying you just let go and live how you want to, right? That's that's not what we're talking about. But it can I cannot be in control even when it's going good. &gt;&gt; And when the Lord gets it going good, if I take back over control, where am I going to be at? I'm going to be right in the same spot where he when he when he rescued me the last time. and and and it doesn't and and he's like, "Well, as I grow as I grow in the Lord, brother Aaron, I should get better at this." No, no, no. To grow I I I've had the whole I've had the wrong concept about growing in the Lord. Growing in the Lord is not me getting bigger. It's me getting smaller. &gt;&gt; See, as revelation from the Lord pours into your life, revelation, oh, this I got a revelation, brother. This little thing, just this little thing that I just can't do it. To me, it's just a small thing, but I got a revelation. He got bigger in your life and you got smaller. &gt;&gt; It's so good because then the amount of things that I get offended by also get smaller. &gt;&gt; And then when he brings the next thing to my mind, oh, you got offended by this. Make room. I'll come in there and you won't be offended by that thing again. Oh, you know who sent that thing? The Lord says, I sent it to you. I sent it to you because I wanted you to see me. I wanted you to know that you are still trying to pilot the ship and you know it because you got offended. It's such a weird thing. It's like, well, he's going to use offense. Yes, he's going to use offense to to reveal to us that I need more of him. What a blessing. What an absolute blessing of the Lord. Blessed is he who is not offended in me. &gt;&gt; That means Lord, you are in control. I I know. I know. have searched it out that that old husband has died. And if you got to start somewhere this morning, start by searching out that whole that old husband. Did you just put him away? Oh, I separated from him. No, he doesn't have part in my life. I'm I'm sorry, but the Lord cannot have control. He cannot have control until that old husband is dead. &gt;&gt; I know that's that's so basic, but but I I I just think a lot of times that's been forgotten. And Lord, he wants to come in. He wants to He wants to have control &gt;&gt; more than anything. But are we going to give it to him? That's the question. Am I going to give it to him? I mean, yes. &gt;&gt; But how do you do it? Right? How do I do it? It's you. It it's just your survival sometimes takes over and the right when the Lord wants to take control, something inside at the very last minute snatches it back away from him. Like a like a last death grasp. No, no, no. I'm gonna hold on. I'm gonna hold on. And the Lord says, "You were almost there. You were almost there. where I almost had control, but there was still something in life fighting me. It wasn't Satan fighting him. It wasn't the world fighting him. It was this person fighting him. If you want to walk after him, you got to deny yourself. And you know there's something to deny when an offense comes. You say, "I got no, brother. You You don't understand. There's legit reasons to be offended." If Jesus can call you a dog and you say, "True, Lord, I that's the spirit I want." I don't know about you, that's the spirit that I want. I want I want the Lord to be able to say anything to me. I can say, "True, Lord." You know why it's true? It's coming from you, Lord. True, Lord. &gt;&gt; It It's true, Lord. Yes, I am that. But as a even as a dog, I have rights that you gave me. By faith, I have rights. &gt;&gt; It's not because I'm anything. It's because I recognize my place. See, her that that that woman's her victory was not about recognizing who she was. It was about recognizing who he was. &gt;&gt; She didn't care who she was. &gt;&gt; She didn't care if he thought of her as a dog, if he saw her as the lowest of the low. It wasn't about her. Nothing about her even lived anymore. She only put him first. &gt;&gt; That's what I want that this morning. That That's what I want more than anything. This is so I'm sorry. This is so just broken up and it's just a I've made a mess of this. But that is what I want more than anything. And and if if somehow if somehow that was somehow conveyed in this, I I pray that's the what you walk away with is that if if there is something that is bothered by the preaching of the word, let's seek out why it's bothered by that. Don't don't put the fault on the word. Don't put the fault on the preacher. Don't put the fault here. Let's search out why there's an offense. You know, it could just be coming from the Lord. You say, "No, no, it's not coming from the Lord." Oh, no. He He'll cause it. He'll cause it to to test. I I I I don't know. I I feel like I there's more I could say, but I just I feel like that's a good stopping point. And you forgive me. I I just I feel inadequate as a speaker and as a preacher, but I know that what I'm telling you is the truth. I wish you hear good preachers and I wish I could preach it like them, brother Aaron. I wish it. But it's the truth. Whether I know how to tell it to you or not, whether I know how to express it to you or not, it's the truth. And and and and I pray that I pray that nothing I said offended you. And and and part of me prays that something I said offended you. And not because I want to be offensive, but but listen, it has to this has to become real. &gt;&gt; This is good if it's just, oh, you know, that was a great that was good sermon. I got something out of it. But this is real, brothers and sisters. This is real. And when that offense comes, what am I going to do? It's coming. It's coming. It might be coming right now. Some of you are like, I don't really like that, but it's coming. What am I going to do? I need I I tell you what it it that that that that old saying that I was telling you is like to think nothing when something is done against me. Well, that's a victory. That is a victory in the Lord. I I'm just not there yet. But Lord, you got to take me there. If you started a work in me, you're going to finish that work. And and and that's that's the only hope I have. That's the faith that I have that because because he came to live inside me, I cannot be lost. &gt;&gt; Amen. I cannot be deceived. I'm going to make mistakes. I'm going to trip. I'm going to fall. But I cannot be unsaved once I'm saved. And there there should be such a joy. See, happiness happiness just comes and goes, right? Good days and bad days, but there's a joy that is inside. The joy of my salvation, as David says, the joy of the salvation that the Lord he that when he gives it to you when you're truly saved. You know, I I I think brother Ram says, you know, we kind of believe a little bit like those fundamentalists once saved always says. He goes, "Yeah, I kind of believe that way." He goes, "We just disagree on what the definition of saved is." But when God comes in and does the saving, he can never unsave you. &gt;&gt; And there's nobody that can take that away from you. And and maybe that's just basic preaching. I don't know who needs to hear that, but that's the truth this morning. &gt;&gt; That devil that comes and tells you, "Oh, you did this and you did that and maybe you weren't." You can tell that devil he's a liar. Take him right back to the word. Take him right back to this Bible. It's written right in this Bible. &gt;&gt; Take him right back to it. And And you watch. He can't. He He He doesn't know what to do with that. He doesn't know how to combat the word &gt;&gt; when it's wielded by somebody who has gotten a revelation of what God has done for them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just stand to our feet. I I I I think that's been uh I've taken enough of your time. You forgive I actually didn't keep track of the time, but uh little Josiah, if you want to come and God bless you this morning. I I pray that out of some just absolutely broken mess of words that something was that the Lord spoke to you this morning by even just even just a word from him. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can forget the rest of the words, but just a just one word from him. &gt;&gt; One word from him is life. &gt;&gt; Filter through all the hundreds of words that were just said and find that word of God that's for you. Amen. Thank you, brother. &gt;&gt; Brother Ryan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Let's just worship the Lord a little bit before we close the service. There's no service this evening. Um, and brother Lyall, if you want to come up to get ready to close in prayer. Let's worship the Lord a little bit. Let's just sing because he lives I can face tomorrow. Key of F. [Music] God sent his son. They called him Jesus. [Music] He came to love, [Music] heal, and forgive. He bled and died. to buy my pardon. An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. [Music] Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone [Music] because I know [Music] he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. lives. And then one day, And then one day [Music] I'll cross that river. I'll fight. Life's fine over with pain. And then as death [Music] gives way to victory. I'll see the light of glory and I'll know he reigns. [Music] Oh, because he lives. I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. All fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds the future [Music] and life is worth the living. just because he lived. Ly, if you'd close the prayer [Music] &gt;&gt; because he lives, &gt;&gt; he lives in us. He lives in us by his grace, by his mercy, by his love, by his forgiveness. Because like that senician woman, we're nothing. But if we recognize who he is and that he has chosen to dwell in our hearts, we have to make room for him. And the only way we can make enough room for him is to have no room left for ourselves. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Lord, we're so grateful for your word this morning, Lord, speaking to our hearts, Lord, helping us to understand our relationship with you. Helping us to understand we ways that we can detect when that relationship is just off a little bit, Lord. Lord, we don't want to be married to sin, Lord. We want to be married to you. We don't want to be wicked and adulterous, but Lord, we want to be wholesome and holy yours. Lord, we pray that you'd be with us today as we go to the places that you've called us, Lord, and that you would help us to always remember that we're part of you, that we're part of one body of Jesus Christ. We're part of this fellowship, we're part of each other, Lord. We just look forward to the times when we can gather together again, Lord, and see how's my brother doing? How's my sister doing? How's this going, Lord? Just each thing, Lord. We're so grateful. We're so thankful, Lord. We're so in awe of you. And Lord, it's all because you live. We can live because we have your life living within us. Be with us now, Lord, we ask. Forgive us every way that we fall short. And Lord, help us to draw ever closer to you. We thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. Before we're dismissed, we're going to sing My Troubled Soul. Brother Tim should be in the the list from this morning. You could put verse one. My troubled soul, why so weighed down? [Music] You weren't meant to bear this heavy load. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord cuz Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus cares. He cares for you. and all your worrying won't help you make it through. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord and trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. My days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart, my anxious heart. Why so upset in troubled times? How you so easily forget to cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Cuz Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus cares. He cares for you. [Music] And all your worrying won't help you make it through. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord and trust again in the promise of his love. Let's praise him this morning before we go. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. Oh my days are singing that again. And I will praise and I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. Leading, leading safe and secure from all [Music] on the everlasting [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Again, did you appreciate Brother Ryan? &gt;&gt; I also wanted to thank everyone here in the in the church who gave Katie and I such a wonderful baby shower yesterday. I walked in and saw it before it started and I was blown away. So good to have a church that loves you. It's amazing. Thank you so much for everyone who did everything. Appreciate you all so much. Amen. As I said earlier, there's no service this evening. Um, if you want to stay and pray at your seat, you can stay. But for now, God bless you. You're dismissed. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. My days are in his faithful hands. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no for I could never ever out love the Lord. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. Love till there's just no more love. For I could never ever out love the Lord. One more time. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love for I could never ever out love the Lord. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. I am weak but thou art strong. [Music] Jesus keep me from all wrong. [Music] I'll be sisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Music] Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Oh, daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be through this world of toil and snares [Music] if I falter. Lord, who cares? Who with me my burden shares? None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Oh, daily walking close to thee. [Music] Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Last verse. When my feeble life is old, time for me will be no more. Guide me gently, safely, oh to thy kingom shore. to thy shore. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy [Music]
