################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Knit Together (Colossians 2) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Knit Together (Colossians 2): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PwcpR3gzao
========================================

Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee. Verse one again. Give me your hand. Give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. At the name of Jesus, Satan has to flee. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Verse two. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. Like a mighty army, we keep marching onward, winning every battle, cuz the Lord's on our side. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Do we have Sunday school today, Brother Lyle? We do have Sunday school. All the Sunday school kids can head out now. Let's sing. I believe God. I believe God. I believe God. I believe God. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Trust and obey. Believe him and say, "I believe. I believe God." Let's sing that again. I believe. I believe God. I believe God. It shall be done even as he said. Trust and obey. Look up and say, "I believe. I believe God. I believe God again." Oh, I believe God. I believe. Ask what you will. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Trust and obey. believe him and say, "I believe. I believe God." One of those little Sunday school songs. As the kids were walking out, I thought it'd be good to sing one of those. Let's sing another another old Sunday school song. Complete in him. Does anybody know that song? Complete in him. We are complete in him. Nobody. It's very easy. Very easy. Sunday school song. After one try, you'll all be singing. I'll be hearing you. Let's just start with the chorus. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Oh, complete, complete, complete in him. We are complete in him. Let's sing that. Complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Oh, complete, complete, complete in him. We are complete. It's not by works of righteousness. It's not by works of righteousness, but by his grace alone. It's not by works of righteousness, but by his grace alone. It's not by works of righteousness. By his grace alone, we are complete in him. You're doing good. Complete. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in. There is no condemnation. There is no condemnation for them who are in Christ. There is no condemnation for them who are in Christ. There is no condemnation for them who are in Christ. Oh, we are complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. Oh, we are complete. Let's sing that again. Complete. Oh, complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Complete. Complete. Complete in him. We are complete in him. Praise the Lord. Would you all stand with me this morning? It's good to be here. Would you go ahead and shake somebody's hand? Welcome them to church this morning. [Music] Winds of faith. Brother Jeremy [Music] It's good to see some visitors here. Happy Memorial Day. Happy Memorial Day weekend. It's good to have you at church with us this morning. God bless you. Let's sing this song. Uh, Winds of Faith. There are two roads you may take. Oh, there are two roads you may take. One by side and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see. What you believe is what will be. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. [Music] Let your wings to the winds of faith. What's your need and what's your need? And what's your cry? What's your mountain much to high? Speak the word of God by and by. It will move or you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher plane. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Last verse. Watch the eagle. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Oh, set your way to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your ways to the winds of faith. Let's sing verse two. If you have a need this morning, hold it before the Lord. Oh, what's your need? What's your cry and what's your mountain? Much too high. Just speak the word of God by and by it will move or you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of [Music] [Applause] faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Brother Lyle and the brothers, if you'd come to open the service in a word of prayer. Let's just sing in the key of C. As they come to open the service in prayer, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Let's sing that again. Oh, it is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. One more time as a confession this morning. Oh, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Is that your testimony this morning? It's well with your soul. Saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. Not through any good thing we've done, but by accepting his sacrifice for us. That's what unites us. That's what joins us together. and how we just love to feel the presence of his spirit, how we love to be in each other's presence and just to encourage and strengthen each other. Today's a very special day. Of course, we know that tomorrow is Memorial Day. We celebrate it as a as a holiday, but it's a recognition of those who gave their lives that we could have the freedom to gather here this morning, not being prevented and not being forced, but having that choice. My my middle name is Vernon. I was named after my father's youngest brother who was killed in Euoima in World War II. So, it's a it's a very meaningful day within our family. But at sunset this evening in Israel, which is about now begins the 28th day of Ayar. And you say, "Yeah, so well the 28th of AR was June the 7th in 1967. And it was the day that the Jewish forces liberated the city of Jerusalem. And for the first time since 62 BC, for the first time, Israel, a Jewish sovereign state was ruling the city of Jerusalem. So it's celebrated as Jerusalem Day in Israel. That they're celebrating it right now, this this very moment. And and the to me it was just special that that Jerusalem Day and Memorial Day, sacrifice, freedom, joy, praise, all came together at at the same time. and it happens to be in 2025. We have a prayer request this morning. Sister Rebecca Zumbbran requests prayer for traveling uh mercy for safety as they go to Oklahoma City. And I assume that that's a round trip and they're coming back. So, we'll pray for traveling uh mercies and safety to bring her back safe to us as well. We also have a praise. You know, the Bible talks about we're surrounded by such a cloud of witnesses. And it's not just what people did before, but it's what's going on. Jesus moving in our midst today. So, we have a praise here from Brother Heath. He says, "Thank you, Jesus. My daughter-in-law wrecked my truck. But Jesus provided another for us. God is good." So, we're just grateful with our brother Heath that the Lord made a way for him to replace that vehicle. And I presume that your daughter-in-law was not seriously injured in that uh thing. No, he says she's good. Okay. So, let's go to the Lord together now this morning just in prayer and praise, rejoicing gladness. Lord Jesus, we're so glad for the opportunity we have to be together this morning. We're so grateful, Lord, that you've called us by your name in this hour, Lord. Lord, that you've you've made the choice to call us, Lord, that we can make the choice to answer that call. Lord, we pray for our pastor this morning as he brings the word from second Colossians chapter 2, not second Colossians. And Lord, that we just we're just so grateful just like those in Colass. We never saw Paul, but Lord, we believe the word that you sent through him, Lord, that you've manifested and brought forth in our lives today. Lord, continue to anoint the songs, the worship, the music. Lord, I thank you so much for those that are willing to be here and contribute to that gift. Lord, it's not a job no one is paid. Everyone is just doing out of love in their heart for you. We thank you for this opportunity we'll have to have fellowship this afternoon and and just enjoy some of the good things that you've brought forth on this good earth that you've given to us, Lord, to watch over. We pray for the uh offering this morning, Lord, that the whatever is received would be put to the use that you choose and desire for it. And we thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. God bless you. You can all have your seats. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the [Music] rock. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock where rivers of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. [Music] He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. And covers me there with his hand. Verse two. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burdens [Music] away. He's holding me up and I shall not be moved. He giveth me strength day by day. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his hand with numberless blessings. With numberless blessings each moment he crowns and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, gloryy to God for such a [Music] redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. One more one more verse. When clothed, when clothed in his brightness, transported, I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. What a day. Oh, his perfect salvation, his wonderful love. I'll shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. Oh, he hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. [Music] and covers me there with his [Music] hand. Praise his name. Would you stand with me this morning? It's a very old song written by Fanny Crosby many years ago. We're going to sing an even older song written over over 3,000 years ago. Psalm 23. [Music] As brother Daniel gets ready to come, let's just worship him this morning. This is a song David himself wrote many, many, many years ago, probably before he was even king. And let's just invite the Lord to be with us, make him feel welcome so that Brother Daniel can come out, feel relaxed, feel liberty, and the Lord can move freely. Do you want that this morning? Want the Lord to move? Let's sing this together. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not [Music] want in green pastures. He makes me lie down. He restores my soul and leads me on for his name. [Music] for his great name. You prepare a table. You prepare a table right before me in the presence of my eneies. Though the arrow flies and the terror of night is at my door. I trust you Lord. Surely goodness, surely mercy right beside me all my days. and I will dwell in your house [Music] forever and bless your holy name. Verse one, the Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. And in green pastures he makes me lie down. He restores my soul and leads me on for his name. For his great name. You prepare a table. You prepare a table right before me. Yes. In the presence of my eneies. Oh, though the air flies and the terror of night is at my door. I'll trust you, Lord. Oh, surely goodness, surely mercy right beside me all my days. and I will dwell in your house [Music] forever and bless your holy name and bless your holy name. [Music] Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. While I have you standing, let's turn to Colossians, first chapter, I mean second chapter, I'm sorry. [Music] Colossians chapter 2, we'll read verse 1 and two. It reads like this. For I would that you knew what great conflict I have for you and for them at Leodysia. And for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh, that their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding in the acknowledgment of the mystery of God and of the Father. and of Christ. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father, pray that you'd be with us in this service, Lord. bless the reading of of your word, Father, and and may the spirit that anointed the Apostle Paul to pen this letter, may it be present with us today as as we read and expound on his word, on your word, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated. God bless. Welcome to to join us for a meal. I told the church last I believe it was Wednesday that um the first pollock I know about was when a little boy brought his lunch to a great meeting um with the Lord Jesus there and they didn't have enough food and he brought his lunch and it was enough for all 5,000 people. So, we after that sermon, they had a potluck and after this sermon, we're going to have a potluck, too. I um I want to continue on in our um this Colossians book. It's uh it's it's really a tremendous letter that that Paul wrote to these these saints at Colasse. they were he had never met most of these people. They um it was a letter that he wanted to encourage them and he knew that his words meant a lot to these believers. So, one of the main reasons that he wrote this was for a warning and we're going to get into what that warning is in this second chapter of Colossians. He makes it very, very plain. I'll be reading from a number of different translations this morning. We'll stay with our our foundational um translation of the King James, but some of Paul's writings are hard to understand in the King James. So, I'll be reading from uh the New King James, the English Standard Version, New Living Translation. and u to make them a little bit more readable. Even Peter in his epistle, he said sometimes the things that Paul says, they're they're a bit hard to understand. But he said that and people that are unlearned and they don't understand, they they wrestle with these things that Paul says as they do with other scripture. So even even back way back when that Paul was he was very intellectual and he was a very educated man and very deep man. But even back then some of his writings were hard to understand. So we'll try to make them a little bit more simple in in this service today. We have to have a foundation of who Paul is to really understand what he is meaning in his epistles. Paul was a Pharisee, very welllearned young man, very well educated, educated under some of the greatest of all the teachers in Israel at that time. He understood the scriptures very well and he was very much into um enforcing the doctrine of the Pharisees. And when Paul had an experience with the Lord, he was on his way to this place called Damascus with writings in his hand, permission and orders to basically destroy these new Christians who were preaching heretical things. And he was on his way and the Lord struck him down, struck him blind. And he said these words. He says, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? It's hard for you to kick against the pricks." And then then Saul said, he says, "Lord, who are you?" And he says, "I am Jesus who you're persecuting." Paul understood then that he was wrong and he was going in the wrong direction. But he was also he was very sincere in in what he was doing. And it created a foundation in Paul that he understood both sides of the of of the fight here. He understood the Pharisees and he understood the the legalist. He understood how they thought and he also understood how these new Christians thought and the the spirit that was upon them. So he had a had a way of looking at things that was very very balanced. And Paul in his letters you can see that one thing that he hated was legalism more and more as as you read these scriptures you will see that he didn't like it. what he saw that as a way to for the enemy to separate people and he saw that it was nothing but a trick from the devil. Let's read that verse again and we'll start with chapter 2 in Colossians. For I would that you knew what great conflict I have for you and for them at Leodysia and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh. Another translation says, "I want you to know how much I have agonized for you and for the church at Leodysa and for many other believers who have never met me personally." This is a real true heart of a missionary. You see this man, he may have never been to this city, but he had such a desire for these people, number one, to stay strong with the gospel. And number two, don't get off on these little isms and these little things that are going to come into the church. And Paul, it was just his burden. He loved these people. I've seen people with real genuine missionary callings in their life, and they are like that. They they think about those people that they go to. They think about them all the time and they they they would do anything to keep them from suffering or to keep them from going astray. And that's how this man Paul who was really the original one of the original missionaries. That's how he felt. Verse number two, that their hearts might be comforted being knit together in love and to unto all the riches of the full assurance of understanding to the acknowledgment of the mystery of God and of the Father and of Christ. It's beautiful. He's saying that that you you should be knit together in love. As I was contemplating on that this week and and meditating on those things, I I thought about what does it mean to be knit together in love? And Stephanie and I were given this this blanket by a dear friend. And if you look at here, you can see what goes in to this blanket that was knit for us. And you can see these different threads. There's I counted between 40 and 50 individual threads. And if you look at them, each piece of yarn here is is basically worthless. It's it doesn't mean anything. But when the master takes this and puts it together and knits it all together, now you can't see a single piece of thread in this whole thing. It was put together by hands that knew what they were doing and knit this together in love. So it becomes one piece. You can't see an individual thread in the whole thing. And that's how a garment is. And that's how the body of Christ is. It's knit together in love. And which one of these threads is any more important than any other one. None of them are. But every one of them is needed. If you start pulling one out, you're going to ruin the whole thing. But when it comes together, it becomes really a masterpiece of God. And that's how Paul is saying that we should be. We should be knit together by the bonds of love, placed placed in this one body to where you can't even identify one from the other. Each one has a different color, each one has a different shape, whatever it is. But we are all we have to be have all of the threads together. And as I was looking at this and thinking about this blanket, I thought of um Marily, I've told the story of you doing puzzles before and and how it it's it's such a beautiful thing, a a puzzle when you put it together. Brothers, if you could put up that picture of Jesus and it's like it's like this that this is the body of Christ and you can see the different puzzle pieces in there. If you look at them, you can notice the separation and each puzzle piece is different than the other one. And one puzzle piece might look at this one and say, "Man, you're all wonk wonky and messed up. You you're not shaped like I am. You have different colors than I do." That's and this other piece would say, "Well, no, you're look bad. You don't look like me either." But when you put them all together, if they all look the same, it would be terrible. But if you put them together, it becomes a masterpiece. And what if and as I was looking at this, I thought, Lord, what if one of those pieces was taken out? If you go to the next picture, and I it ruins it. And that could be the body of Christ if any one of us friends is taken out. It looks like that. All of us have a place. All of us have a work to do. All of us have a gift that we bring into the church. And if we are not operating in that gift, if we don't care, if it's not important to us, this is how the body of Christ looks. It's imperfect. God created us to be in him. And this could be sin. This could be offense. This could be many, many different things that causes this to happen. Paul is saying, "Don't let it happen, friends. Be knit together in love. Be together in this. Love one another. There is strength. If I could take one of these pieces of yarn and I could break it. But you take two or three or or in this case, you take this whole strand, I could almost pull my car with it. It's so strong. That's how the body of Christ is is knit together perfectly in love. And that's what Paul is saying here. Thank you, brothers, that picture. That's what Paul is saying here. He's saying be together. In the previous chapter, he defines the mystery of God. And he says, "The mystery of God that has been kept hidden from ages and generations, but is now disclosed to the Lord's people. To them, God has chosen to make known among the Gentiles the glorious riches of his mystery." That mystery, the body of Christ. And what is that mystery? And he says, "It's Christ in you, the hope of glory." And Paul is writing to this group because he knows he this isn't his first rodeo. He knows what's going to happen because it seems to happen every every time. Verse number three, I'll read verse number two again. That their hearts might be comforted being knit together in love and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding to the acknowledgment of the mystery of God and of the Father and of Christ. in whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. He told us in the previous chapter as I just said that the mystery of God was Christ in you. And here is where he says that all the treasures and wisdom of knowledge are hidden in Christ. So what is the purpose of this letter? Why is he writing this? Is this just a feel-good letter to be encouraged and keep serving the Lord? The people are already Christians. They have already given their heart to Jesus Christ. Why is he saying things like this in the previous chapter? Why is he saying things like Christ is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation? For by him were all things created in heaven and earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or authorities. All things were created through him and for him. And he is before all things. He's talking about Jesus. And he is before all things. And all in him all things hold together. It's all knit together in him. And he is the head of the body, the church. He is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead. That in everything he he might be preeminent. For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell. And through him to reconcile to himself, all things, whether on the earth or in heaven, making peace by the blood of his cross. He is laying the foundation. He's saying Christ, Christ, Christ. Look at Jesus. He is everything. He is the fullness of God. It's all about Jesus. So when he's writing this, he says that he is agonizing over this church of Colasse. And why is he constantly saying that Jesus must be the preeminent? Why is he saying that? Verse number four. And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words. He knew what was coming if it wasn't already there at Colossia. New Living Translation says, "I am telling you this so no one will deceive you with well-crafted arguments, joying and beholding your order and the steadfastness of your faith in Christ. You're doing well. I'm rejoicing over that you believe in this man Jesus. As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him, rooted and built up in him, and established in the faith as you have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving. Again, he's bringing the congregation back to Jesus every time. Back to Jesus. The New Living Translation of of that verse 7 says this, "Let your roots grow down into him and let your lives be built on him." Then your faith will grow strong in the truth. You were taught and you will overflow with thankfulness. He's saying, "Let those roots deep go deep down." I love trees and I plant trees in my yard and I just love the I love the way they look. I love the way they grow. And there's a at work sometimes I one of the studies that I've I've done is down on the San Pedro River in near Sierra Vista and they try to save the cottonwood trees that are down there. So they there'll be a fire, there'll be something happen and they will replant these these sapling cottonwood trees and they have to take care of that little sapling tree until those roots are able to go down deep and get to the groundwater that's not too far down there. But they have to be able for those roots to go down and tap that groundwater so they can start sucking that water out of that out of the ground. And if it gets dry and it doesn't and and the tree doesn't have water, that tree is going to die if its roots aren't down there in into the into the groundwater. And it takes time for that to happen. We think boom, just right away, I'm a Christian. Everything's good. Paul's saying, "No, your roots got to go down. They got to have time to get down and and get into that water of Christ, or else you'll just wither up and dry and dry and and go away." I was talking with the the person at the the nursery, the tree nursery the other day, and she was telling me that these trees that I bought that some of them take up to seven years to become established. That word established means that they can live on their own without me having to go and water them. Usually, brother David, you're probably an expert in this. It still takes years, no matter what tree generally, to become established to where it can go out and its roots go out and it can get its own water. It takes time. And what happens when that soil dries up and those roots aren't deep enough? That tree dies. It dies spiritually. Paul is saying let your roots go down to that water of Jesus Christ and start drawing on that. Then whatever drought comes, whatever problems come, you are drawing from Christ and not drawing from someone else. Rooted. Verse number seven again. Rooted and built up in him and established in faith as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving as you have been taught. How can you be established in the faith if there is no sound teaching in your life? You just basically count on yourself. It's not what Paul's saying here. There are many many people that say, "Well, I just sit down and and I just get it for myself." That's in contrary to what Paul is saying here. You must have sound teaching so those roots can go down and get into that water. Beautiful story of this is Philillip in the Ethiopian. Philip, the Lord leads him out into the desert. Philip is is a deacon in the church right when the church started up in Jerusalem and he also had the calling in his life as an evangelist and he's going out. That's why friends once, let me go on a side note. A deacon in a church can have a ministry outside of just being a deacon. He doesn't have to be he doesn't have to have that. But a deacon can also be a minister outside in an evangelist and do evangelistic work. Perfectly acceptable in the Bible. And that's what Philillip was. So Philillip, he has this great revival. And then the Lord leads him out into the desert and he he goes out there and he sees this this important Ethiopian man and he's riding on his chariot and he's reading the book of Isaiah out loud. The Lord tells Philillip, "Go up there and go with that man." Philip jumps up onto his chariot. The man's reading the book of Isaiah out loud and Philip says, 'What are you reading? And the unic, the Ethiopian says, he says, "How can I understand unless someone guides me?" And he invited Philillip. He says, "Come up here and sit down on my chariot here." Now, the passage of the scripture was this. It was out of Isaiah. And he was reading he said he said listen to this like a sheep he was led to the slaughter and like a lamb before his sheer is silent so he opens not his mouth in his humiliation justice was denied him. Who can describe his generation? For his life is taken away from the earth. And the unic says who's he talking about? Is he talking about himself? Is the prophet Isaiah saying that I'm going to go through this or that I have I have gone through this or is he talking about someone else? And Philip says funny that you ask and he explains Jesus Christ to him and then that man that Ethiopian gives his heart to Jesus Christ right there with sound teaching. That's how important teaching is. It's not always the emotional um coming to the altar. Some people get it that way and that's good. Other people get it like opening up saying, "I don't understand this." And then the Holy Spirit will send a teacher, someone to explain this word to them. Now Paul, he's going to tell them right now, "Beware, lest any man spoil you, spoil you with philosophy and with vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ." We talked about the religious deceivers. We talked about the these different people that can come in and cause problems. And now he's talking about this this man Paul. He's saying, "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit after the tradition of men and after the rudiments of the world and not after Christ." This is what Paul's saying. This is human thinking. He warned them before of of people that were going to come in with with these different doctrines. Now he's saying that after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. This is human thinking. Solomon said, "Lean not to your own understanding." Many of the things of Christ are taught completely backwards of our way of thinking. Jesus said, "Love your enemies." That doesn't make sense. What really happens is we devise what usually happens with our enemies is we devise a plan a plan in our mind and we say, "Well, if she says this and I'm going to say this," and then we make up this entire conversation in our minds of of how this conflict is going to go. But what we should really be doing is loving that person and saying, "Lord, how can I serve this person that I'm about to get in a fight with?" Amen. And we always win those arguments in our minds and it never comes out the way we think they are. They're they're going to do it. But then somebody that that doesn't really believe would say, "But okay, you're talking about that's how you should do it." But who really does that? Who really when they're about to get into an argument or are thinking about when somebody did them wrong, who really considers, Lord, how can I serve this person and how can I love this person? Who really does that? That's what the world might tell you. A Christian does that. Jesus said that he gave really no limit to forgiveness. Jesus Peter asked asked Jesus, he said, "How many times do I have to have to forgive this guy that's done me wrong? Do I have to forgive him seven times in a day?" And Jesus says, "No, 70 times seven." So this person 70 times seven times. I mean you barely even say that many words to somebody in a day. But 70 times seven somebody does you wrong in a in a day and you have to forgive them every single time. Who really does that? What the devil says? Yeah. But who really does that? That that's just that's just philosophy. That's just in in an ideal world. No. a Christian really does that. People say, "Well, I live my life by the Ten Commandments." I go back to the Old Testament and just just that those ten commandments, I can live my life by that. Jesus said, "You have heard that it was said in the days of old that you shall not murder. And whoever mur murders will be in danger of judgment. But I say to you, whoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of judgment. And whoever says to his brother Raqqa that means you stupid person shall be in danger of the council. Whoever says you fool shall be in danger of hellf fire. But who really doesn't? Who really does that? Who really when somebody does something so awful and all? Who really lives up to that? That Jesus said a Christian lives up to that adultery. We know it's wrong to commit adultery. But Jesus said, "You have heard that it was said in those days of old that you shall not commit adultery. But I say to you that whoever looks on a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. If your right eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and cast it from you. It is more profitable for one of your members to perish than for your entire body to be cast into hell. And if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and cast it from you. For it is more profitable for you that one of your members perish than for your whole body to cast be cast into hell. So if you desire to have an affair on your spouse, your husband or your wife and you are entertaining that thought, then you have already done it. You don't throw out the word because the word was made flesh. Friends, these things that Jesus said, he's his teachings are more strict than the Old Testament is. Oh, we think, well, there is grace in the New Testament. That is true, but it doesn't throw out the Old Testament. It's still there. Jesus was the fulfillment of that word. And the mystery that mentioned earlier that Christ in you, that's the mystery of God. That is this same Holy Spirit that is when you die to yourself and are reborn. This spirit is in you. And this spirit tells you what is right and what is wrong. It tells you what is sin and what is not sin. And you don't have to go through your checkbox and saying I'm allowed to do this, I'm not allowed to do that. We're going to get to that in a minute. And when someone tries to tell you that it doesn't matter how you live or that you don't need moral standards or that was the Old Testament and it doesn't matter today, then your roots need to go a little bit deeper and established and be established way down there in Christ and draw from his teaching. Paul said in Romans chapter 6 verse one, he said, "What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? He said, God forbid. How How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know ye not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized to his death? Therefore, we are buried with him in by baptism into death. that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also should walk in the newness of life. The Bible preaches against sin. It pre preaches against lying. It pre it preaches against holding a grudge. It preaches against drunkenness. It preaches against drugs. It preaches against pornography, against homosexuality, against premarital sex, against gossip, against repeating a lie, no matter who that lie is about. It preaches against those things. It preaches against judging other people. Judge not that ye be not judged. That's one of the most misused, I think, verses in the Bible. You can't judge me. It doesn't say that. It says you don't judge somebody else. The New King James, Matthew 7:7 says, Jesus says, "Judge not that you be not judged. For what judgment you judge, you will be judged." And with the measure you use, it will be measured back to you. And why do you look at the speck in your brother's eye, but do not consider the plank in your own eye? You say, "I go to church and they judge me because the way I dress. I go to church and they judge me because of my tattoos. I go to jud church and they judge me because I use the English Standard Version rather than King James version." Jesus is not saying that no one can judge you. He's saying that you cannot judge them. You are judging them when you say those things. You are judging them. You are saying they're thinking this about me. You're you're judging them because you're using a different Bible and you want to use that Bible and you're thinking that they're looking down on you. You're doing what you accuse them of doing. So when we walk into church, and so many people do, I don't go to that church because they're judging me. Wait a minute. You're the one that judged them. So if you want to get past that, if I think Manny's judging me, go to Manny. Hey, brother Manny, God bless you. I just come here and got a bald head. And I know and I know that in the Bible, in the Old Testament, it says that a man shall not cut the back of his hair. Deuteronomy chapter 22, I believe it is. and he and say, you know, I just the reason I do this is because I just think it looks better. And then somebody might might say, well, it says, brother, it says right here in the Bible. And then we can just dig right into the Bible and say, okay, why does it say that? Well, the reason that it says that is because they were going over into the Canaanite land, and that was probably the way that they looked. It was a very worldly look back then. Braided hair in the New Testament. It meant something different back then than it means now. But don't accuse someone when you walk in. Don't accuse someone of judging you because they look different than you. Judging goes both ways, friends. Back to Romans chapter 6 verse 5. For we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also be in the likeness of his resurrection. Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him. There is an outward expression of Jesus Christ is we will represent him. Baptism friends is so important. It is such an important concept that not only are we making this public confession of God doing an inward work, but we are also making a commitment to God that we are going to be baptized. Lord, when I come out of this water, I am doing everything that I can to change. I want to represent Jesus Christ. I want the old Daniel Evans to die in that water and I want the new man to come forward. Let's go back to Colossians chapter 2 verse 8. Lest any man spoil you spoil you through philosophy and vain dece deceit after the tradition of men after the rudiments of the world and not after Christ. He's saying that these logical arguments they might make sense but go back to what Christ said. Go back to the Bible. Go back to what it says. Don't just take it because it makes sense in your mind. Don't let the let the world explain these things away. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godhead bodily, the father, the son, the holy ghost, every manifestation of God, every bit of it dwells in Jesus Christ. He is God. That's why we're baptized in the name of in Jesus name. In the name of Jesus Christ. The book of Acts tells us to do it. And when we are baptized in that we are fulfilling Matthew 28:19 that says repent that says go into all the world preach the gospel baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit. Because in him dwells all the fullness in that name. and we take on that name in baptism. That name encompasses all those titles. Verse number 10, brother Josiah quoted this to me this morning. And you are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power in whom you are also circumcised with the circumcision made without hands. in putting off the body of sin of the flesh by circum the circumcision circumcision of Christ. Again, Paul is saying that that the anything goes doctrine that's just common today. Yeah, you can do anything as long as you believe Jesus. That philosophy is wrong. There are moral standards associated with being a Christian. Circumcision is cutting off the excess flesh. And that's what a Christian is constantly doing. They're constantly cutting off the sin in their life every day. Constantly cutting cutting trying to change and constantly improving, buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who that ha who hath raised him from the dead. Baptism represents your commitment to a new birth. I'm going to change. I'm taking on the name of Jesus and becoming a new creation. And you being dead in your sins, and the circumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven all your trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of the ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to the to his cross. I love that part. My sins are nailed to the cross. It's a two, it's a really a typical New Testament statement. Don't sin. Live better. Cut off the things that are causing you to sin, but also know that Jesus has forgiven you of all your trespasses. You have been quickened together with him. You've been made alive, become alive together with him. He blotted out that transgression that once condemned us and nailed them to the cross. People, friends, people struggle with different things. All of us are created different. Like that puzzle I showed up there. Every piece is different. Every piece has strengths. Every piece has weaknesses. Some people don't think they do anything wrong. and we laugh, but it's hard to get to that person where they say, "I'm fine." You know, it doesn't condemn me. I remember I worked with a guy that he was my boss that uh was having an affair and his wife um with uh this woman at work. And I told him one time, I said uh his name's Greg. I said, "Greg," I said, what are you doing? And he said, he said, Dan, he says, I don't do anything. I'm not doing anything that keeps me up at night, man. And it kind of hurt me. How do you get to that person when they can't see that they're doing anything wrong? How do you get to that person that feels comfortable in the life that they're living? None of us should feel comfortable in the life that we're living. All of us are sinning and are falling short of God every day. And then there are others, and this is what this is speaking to. There are others that can't get past their sins. They look back years on things that they've done, and they can't understand that those sins are nailed to the cross with Jesus Christ. You've repented of those things. You've made those things right. You have a promise of God and and you have a new way of life. You've done everything that you can. Now get rid of those those ideas that you have that your sins can't be forgiven. It's a very I've seen I have known people that have committed suicide because they didn't they couldn't get past their past sins and they thought that they had sinned and they thought that they had blasphemed the Holy Ghost. There different people have different weaknesses. And you being dead in your sins, and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you, forgiven you of all your trespa trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of the ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took out of the and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross. And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing, triumphing over them in it. I said that you're not to judge someone else, but now we are going to start talking about legalism as he as he moves into this and the people trying to get you to conform to their own philosophies. As I was meditating this on on Paul and knowing this book of Galatians and this book of Colossians and knowing Paul's attitude towards this and then thinking, Lord, I've always heard that Paul was a legalist. It's always been taught to me that Paul was a legalist. And then something said in my mind, that's right. Paul was a legalist. Was. And then when he met Jesus Christ, all of that legalism changed and now it was all a different perspective. One of Paul's central doctrines was legalism is wrong. Let no man therefore judge you in meat. I just said that nobody that that you can't judge anymore that anybody but now he's going to talk about legalism and he's going to say okay now don't let anyone judge you in legalism let no man therefore judge you in meat the Jewish tradition of kosher foods or in drink or in respect of a holy day honoring the feast days like um like the seventh day Adventist with we have to worship on Saturday and if you Don't do that. You're not a believer. He's saying, don't let someone judge you on that. Or of a new moon or of the Sabbath days which are a shadow of things to come. But the body is of Christ. You have to look at the meaning behind these things. He's saying that these things are a shadow that these things represented Jesus Christ in the Old Testament. But now they are manifest in this man Christ. Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worship of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen vainly puffed up by his flesh, fleshly mind. Another warning to be careful what you believe and who you believe, no matter how humble they may seem. I'll stop here for a moment, friends. There are people, I mean, they're in this room now that have been deceived and hurt by that legalistic dominating spirit and scarred growing up, that controlling way. And these men, the Bible constantly prophesies, hey, they're coming and they're are going to try to pull you from the the revelation of Jesus Christ and pull you from these teachings of Christ and make you believe something that may reference Christ, but it makes you believe something that is different than Christ taught. Every word pretty much in the New Testament points to Jesus. But they will come and they will try to take what this Bible says or or what somebody else says and they twist it and they make it to where there is something other than Christ. Christ plus something else or you can't be saved. And it is a very deceptive spirit that many have dealt with and that are still dealing with because it hurts. And when you try to come out of that, there's such a fear that rests upon you, such a weight, and it's terrifying. not holding the head from which all the body by the joints and bands have nourishment ministered and knit together increasing increases with the in increase of God. It's all about Christ. Wherefore if you be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why as though living in the world you are subjects to ordinances. He's talking about rules and regulations here. We have to have rules in the church. Obviously, we, you know, no eating and drinking in the sanctuary. Dress appropriately for church out of respect. Please, the the brothers don't wear hats in church. Um, don't speak out during church. Don't cause a disturbance. These are to keep the sanctity of the sanctuary and keep order in the church. Paul is not talking about those things right here. He's talking about legalism. A legalist, when the legalist reads the Bible or listens to a sermon with his or he reads it or he listens to that sermon with his or her doctrines in mind and he's trying to find evidence to further their doctrines. That's how a legalist thinks. So when you you read your Bible, are you looking for correction for yourself or are you looking for justification for yourself? Are you looking for for something to further your own way of thinking or are you looking to really get closer to Christ? A legalist is looking or listening for certain things and then those certain things they will use them to deceive others. Not knowingly but just because that's what they do. That's that's a legalist way. Many, as I said, or most people really in this room have either lived our lives that way or have battled to overcome this, me included in that. And then he goes on, he says, "Touch not, taste not, handle not, which all things are to perish with us with the using after the commandments and the doctrines of men." Don't do this. Don't do that. He's talking about Jewish traditions here, but I'm talking about our traditions. New Living Translation says, "Don't handle, don't touch, don't don't taste, don't touch." Such rules are mere human teachings about things that deteriorate as we use them. One of the things that I teach is it doesn't m it's it's not what you don't do for God that matters. It's it's what it's doing the things that Jesus taught. We're always looking at the sin in our lives and we're always trying to get rid of the sin and and and it might be drinking. It might be smoking. It might be it might be saying the wrong words. It might be gossiping. But you're not looking at the root of the problem when you're looking at the sin. The root of a pro of the problem is we need a closer walk with the Lord. And once we get that closer walk with the Lord, as that walk progresses, as those roots go down in and get into they tap down into that water, then as that water comes up and now we start feeding on the things of Christ, those sins just start dropping off. They start going away. And it's not looking at the sin. It's not looking at the smoking. It's not looking at at the the lying. It's not looking at that. Now, we're looking at Christ and we'll find that it just falls off. What we need is we need the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And people, they look back and they say, "Well, I got the baptism of the Holy Spirit when I was 12 years old. Praise the Lord. I went to the altar. I spoke in tongues or I had this experience." And then I look back to that and that is my typos. That's good. But have you had the baptism of the Holy Spirit today? Have you had it this week? Have you had it this year? And if we have that way of thinking that I got it back then, then it goes against what Paul said when Paul says I died daily. I I am not what I should be. Even the apostle Paul says, I have not attained it yet. But he is working and he is moving towards that. And if we just get stuck in the way that we are and we are satisfied with the person that we are, we are not moving in Christ. We are not, our roots are not down into that water of Jesus Christ and filling us with that strength that comes from him every single day. We can't be satisfied with the person that we are. Don't handle, don't taste, don't touch. Such rules are human teachings about things that deteriorate as we use them is what a one of the translations of the Bible says. Watch things which things we have need, which things we have indeed, and show of wisdom in will worship and humility and neglecting of the body, not in any honor to the satisfying of the flesh. New Living Translation says, "These rules may seem wise because they require strong devotion, pious self-denial, and severe bodily discipline. But they provide no help in conquering a person's evil desires." Wow. All of this that we do, all of the rules that we keep, I'm gonna stop. I'm going to stop doing this, Lord. I'm gonna stop whatever it might be. But what we need to do is start. Stopping is good, but start getting closer to God. Start seeking that Holy Spirit. I received the Holy Spirit when I was 20 years old. I friends. Me too. But it doesn't change that we need an infilling every day. It doesn't change that we need more of the Holy Spirit all of the time. There is a time when that Holy Spirit comes down and we are a changed person. But that is just it really is just the beginning. More and more and more we need to seek God. We need those roots to really go down and get into that water and then start drawing from the Lord Jesus Christ every day or we will die and we won't know it. We'll get stuck. Day will go by. Year will go by. Decades will go by and we'll find that, wow, I'm the same person I was 20, 30 years ago. What's wrong? Why am I not continually seeking him? The musicians can come and we'll close. I was talking with some brothers yesterday. I ministered in um El Paso at a convention yesterday and I was telling some brothers afterwards, why do such miracles follow new believers? Why is it why do we see so many great things happen to people that just give their hearts to the Lord? Like we uh Manny's cousin that that gave that testimony on Sunday. Why is it a new believer that has such a powerful testimony and not those of us that are just constantly we're doing right, we're not doing this, we're not doing that. It's because that person is a has a humble desire for more of God and that's the one that God deals with. Why is that? We should be constantly feeling the presence of the Lord. Constantly being in the work of the Lord, constantly doing the works of God, both spiritually and and uh earthly. We should always be abounding in the work of the Lord and not be satisfied with the person that we are. And Paul in this letter he is warning listen these people will come in and they will give you good arguments. They will give you good explanations of the word and how this fulfills the word and that fulfills the word and and you are the elect and the chosen because you believe this way. And then the spirit is taken out because it takes out that desire to serve God. And then the world will do the same thing. the world will come in and say, "Oh, well, but who really does what Jesus taught? Who really loves their enemies?" A Christian does. And I really, that's why Jesus said, "Straight is the gate and narrow is the way and few there will be that find it." Is because the enemy will teach us so often to be satisfied in the person that we are. and we won't truly be seeking God all of the time. I love this Apostle Paul. He said, "I die daily." He said, "Those things that I hate, that's what I do. And the things that I should do, I don't do those things." And this is really the greatest man on earth at the time. But do you see the humility in him and how he wanted to serve God? And he's writing to this church at Colassia, not knowing them. They had never met him. He was in prison. He couldn't come to them. And he's writing and he's saying, "Be careful." I see it over and over. I was a Pharisee. I know the way that they think. They want you to conform to their way of thinking. But God has a garment that he has knit together as I showed earlier. And every strand in that that garment is perfect. Every strand in that body is perfect. But it has to be knit together by the master. It has to be him that puts it together. Otherwise, you look at here and everyone's just a little piece of yarn and it doesn't mean anything. the the puzzle that I showed up there with the missing piece. That's what it becomes when it's not perfect in Christ and it has to be focusing on that man Jesus. And people will come in, brother Jonathan, they try to pull you away from Christ and pull you to themselves and they deceive man and it might make sense. The legalism might make sense, but it draws you away from God and it draws you to the teaching of man. Paul says, "Don't let him do it." Crying out, he says, "Oh," he says, "I agonize over you. I know what's coming. Don't let him do it. Stand strong in Jesus Christ. Let those roots go down into Christ, into that water, and then he knits it together. And you can't even, Sister Hope, you can't even see a piece of yarn in that in that blanket that you knitted for us. It's all just perfect and that's the way it should be. And that puzzle that you see, you can see some little pieces and stuff and everything is just perfect together, but you take one of the pieces out and it ruins the whole thing. knit together in love. Brother [Music] Josiah, we bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us [Music] humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Let's sing that again. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us [Music] humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. [Music] Let us not lift our souls to Oh, what beautiful words. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Yes. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. We're going to sing verse one again. Would you stand? We bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. Oh, we turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, let us be a generation that seeks. seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Friends, let me say this. I skipped over it in my notes, but Josiah singing that song, it just brought me back to these [Music] scriptures. And it says verse number seven, rooted and built up in him, established in the faith as you have been taught, abounding there with thanksgiving. And he had just said in verse number four, he said, "This I say, lest any man beguile you with enticing words." These words, they may sound right, but they can be deceptive. Friends, our roots need to go down, down into that love of Jesus Christ, down into what Christ taught, the whole Bible's about him. And when we take someone's words and we make them infallible, we are worshiping another god outside of Jesus Christ. There has never been an infallible man other than that one man that was born in Bethlehem and died at Calvary. And if we take someone else's words and lift them up to scripture, friends, we are borderline idolatry. That doesn't mean we don't quote great men of God like brother Brandham. That doesn't mean that we don't do those things. But don't let someone come to you and and bring quotes and bring different ideas and pull you away from what Jesus Christ taught. As I said, every word in this Bible is about him because he is God. He was in the beginning. All things were made by him. All things were made for him. He is the almighty God and he is the one we worship. And Paul is reaching out to these Colossians and he's saying, "It's coming, friends. Don't fall for it." I'm looking forward to talking to those Colossians and saying, "What was the story when you read that letter? Was it already there or did it come later? What was it?" And they might tell us, you know, that brother Paul, he agonized for us. He loved us so much. And his words were our typost to stay tied to Jesus Christ. And you know what? Our roots went down. And once they reached that water, we just kept drawing. If it rained, it rained. It was good. If it didn't rain, it was fine. We had a water source there. and that Holy Spirit in Jesus Christ the Messiah. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that sees, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of [Music] Jacob, turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow [Music] strange in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Let's bow our heads and brother Josiah we turn that Can we turn our eyes on Jesus one more time? [Music] Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look in his wonderful face. [Music] And the [Music] things of earth will grow strange dim in the light of his glory and grace. Lord God, to the best of our abilities, to the best that we know how, we turn our eyes to you. Lord, let us be rooted, grounded in love. Lord, drawing from that never failing fountain, the water that washes our sins away and Lord blesses us every day. Father, we are so thankful, Lord. these words from the Apostle Paul in this book of Colossians. Lord, let us take them to heart and give us more understanding, Lord, as we ponder on the things that were said this morning. Lord, let us understand better your word, Lord, that we might draw strength from it. We pray. Lord, we thank you for those present this morning. Thank you for the kindness that you've showed to all of us and letting us be able to go to church. And Lord, the the food that has been prepared, we ask your blessings on it upon our fellowship this afternoon. Lord, may our words be pleasing to you, Father, as we fellowship in this time of enjoying food together as has happened for through the ages. Lord, I don't want to take it for granted that we're able to do this. Lord, one day soon, I look forward to that wedding supper that we can gather around the table with the saints of old, Lord, and and enjoy that meal and and Lord, we may be weeping and we may be crying, but Lord, you said that you would wipe those tears away. Oh, dear God, let everyone present in this building and those that are listening to this now, let them be present on that day. Father, we thank you for your goodness. Ask your blessings upon the food, upon our lives in Jesus name. Amen. There's a couple people that wanted to be prayed for. So, you're welcome to come. I'm going to dismiss. We're going to have to dismiss. Uh, brother, let me see. Brother uh brother Ed, would you come forward and we'll dismiss rowby row. But first, let's let the um those that uh may have special needs go out and those with little children can go out and get in line first. Let's do it that way and then we will um Brother Ed will dismiss us by rose. Brothers and sisters, God bless you. If I don't get to greet you over here when we're eating, God bless each and every one of you. Stand fast. Stand strong with Jesus Christ. Let him guide you. Let your roots go down into him. May the Lord be with you. You can be seen.
