################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - Amazing Grace (Colossians 1): Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-19
Title:   Amazing Grace (Colossians 1): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr1MXNgHRcE
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. The sun is [Music] sh in the city where the lamb is alive. In the city where they're coming night and I have a mansion over there and we're free from I going where the lamb is alive. Sunday school you can go ahead and read this message. If we could stand up this morning. Amen. Where the powers rule forever and the day shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. And in the sea where the lamb is alive. And in the city where the lamb is alive. in the city where no night and I will mention all the dream I know where his life and here we have our disappointments all [Music] We meet the morning brings us. And in the city where the lamb is alive. And in the city where the lamb is alive. In the city where there comes no night and I have a mansion over there and free from care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Amen. Are you happy to be in church this morning? God bless you all brothers and sisters. It's going to be a good Sunday this morning. Amen. I think brother Ed has some announcements to make for the church. You may be seated. Let's just sing that one more time. In the city where the land is alive and in the city where the night and [Music] I am going where the land is alive. Good morning. God bless you. We got just a couple announcements. Uh church business to take care of. Uh like to bring it before you folks. First of all, um, as you probably have heard or seen on the WhatsApp, uh, we have painted the curb out here on the north side of the church. We've had, uh, some brother or sisters come in and and a brother wheelchair um, bound right now. And we'd like to keep that space open for those that have to come unload somebody that's in a wheelchair or for the hand sun van or anybody uh that's being transported by a handicap vehicle. So what that means is that you can unload and then you'll need to find another parking space. But we do need to keep that clear. Our sister Mary is not able to come to church because it's been blocked and they won't bring her until it's opened up. So, that's the first uh announcement. Second announcement, as you can see behind me, that the wood has been taken down off the back wall. It's we're in the process of redoing the stage area. So, please be patient with us. Um I thank the brothers that have worked so diligently getting this taken down and uh and getting it dressed up for you folks. Uh and then thirdly, next Sunday we will have a potluck after service. So come prepared to get some good food and some good fellowship. So Lord bless you. And I'll turn it back over to brother Daniel Jr. Amen. Don't you love Brother Ed? I know I [Applause] do. Sister Glidewell, we're going to do one more song and then we'll have you come up. In light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. And beauty that made this heart adore you. and hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me and king of all kings. Oh, so highly exalted. [Music] Glorious. You came to the earth. You ced and all for the sake became true. Here I am to worship. Here I am to Here I am. You're [Music] my [Applause] together. All together worthy. all together. Wonderful. [Music] Oh, how much to see my sins upon that. For here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy, allto together wonderful, too. Let's sing that one more time. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Amen. Sister Rachel. [Music] [Music] [Applause] They sent for Jesus. Your friends about to die. But take breed still on behind. So they laid le and they said their last goodbye. We're coming down the road Jesus right on time. Just hold on my child because he's not too far away and he knows your need before you pray. So when your feet are weary from the mountain you have climbed, look ahead. Here comes Jesus right on time. I've struggled through life's deserts. They were so hot and dry till it seemed no hope was gone. And I would die. And I wonder where is he? Is he still a friend of mine? Down the road was Jesus right on time. [Applause] Just hold on my child because he's not too far away and he knows your need before you pray. [Music] The wind feet are weary. From the mountain you have climbed, look ahead. Here comes Jesus right on time. So when your feet are weary from the mountain you have climbed, look ahead. Here comes Jesus right on [Music] time. Amen. Let's stand this morning. [Music] All throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms make way for spring. And every season from where I'm staying. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over me. All over me. And I see your promises in [Music] fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Help me when I'm weak. The fear may come. Feel my heart [Applause] victory. You are my strength and you always and I see the evidence of your goodness. [Music] All right. And I see your promises in fulfill all follow. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is all my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is sinless. All my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life, all over my [Music] life. And I see promises in fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. If the brothers would make way for the prayer request and offering. Let's just sing that one more time. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life and all over my [Music] life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my [Music] life. Good morning. God bless you all. The greatest blessing you could have is a blessing from God. We look at things and we say, "I wish I could have this. I'd love to have that." But that the King of Kings would call you by name because he knows who you are. There's no greater blessing than that. Have a couple of a praise and a request this today. Sister Amelia is asking to remember her daughter uh not feeling well today. Just keep her in prayer. And also she says, "I want to I went to my orthopedic appointment last week and the doctor with a doctor and said I didn't need the knee replacement and gave me a cortisone shot but before she injected I prayed for it. Thank you all for your prayers. I love you all. You know you go expecting something or kind of maybe worried about something but God has it all in control already. There's nothing that surprises him. He doesn't have to run off and say, "I need to figure this out." But he's already made a way. So if you have a need, you want to raise your hand. When you raise your hand, that's by faith. Lord, you know, and you know exactly what I have need of. I might lay my petition out this way, but Lord, you know exactly what I have needed. Lord, there's many hands raised, but when you cried out, "It is finished." They're hanging on the cross for us. Lord, you were beaten. You were bruised. You were broken. You were you were left beyond recognition. Could not even tell that that was a man hanging on the cross. But Lord, everything was covered and everything was paid for, Lord. And it pleased you were pleased to do this, Lord. You said you would lay your down your life down and you would take it back up, Lord. So we thank you for your grace, your mercy, and your goodness, Lord. And even as we've gathered this morning and as our brother Dan would be preparing to minister this morning, Lord, may he set himself out of the way. May we all set ourselves out of the way and let you minister to us, Lord. And as the brothers take up the offering, Lord, may we give with a cheerful heart, Lord. And may you may it be put to the use that you intended for, Lord. We thank you for all things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Aren't you just thankful for the Lord this morning? He's been so good to all of us. I [Music] just All my words fall short. Fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my [Music] gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must stand and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. A hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. A hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else fit for a king. A sever heart singing hallelujah. Oh [Applause] hallelujah. Oh come on my soul. Oh don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shine on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion in silo lungs and get up there and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands. I praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. A hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] [Applause] You may be seated this [Music] morning. And you are here moving in our midst. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship you. And you are here working in this place. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here moving in our midst. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship you. And you are here working in this place. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. For you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. For you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here in touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here healing every heart. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship you. And you are here mending every heart. Oh I worship you. Oh I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God, that is who you are. Amen. Isn't that who he is? He's a miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness this morning. [Music] Amazing. Grace, how sweet the sound. If we could stand this morning. That saved a rich like me. And I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. and grace my fears [Music] relief. And how preious did that grace appear in the hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. And the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my show and portion. As long as life endures, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior is rest on me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. in love. Amazing grace. And the earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. But call who called me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy rains, unending love, amazing grace, [Music] beautiful. believe um in the back I believe you had Colossians chapter 1 up before service. Can we turn in our Bibles to Colossians chapter 1? Let's start with verse [Music] 15. Not a sweet spirit in the church today. And it's a nice spirit to read the word as we're standing. Speaking of the Lord Jesus, the Apostle Paul says this, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things. And by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the father that in him should all fullness dwell. How about that song one more time? The one. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. Our father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you for bringing us here this morning. And we ask, Father, your presence would be with us. And Lord, show us once again your amazing grace. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you all. First, I want to welcome our visitors. Josh, Anna, Bertha, and family. Welcome. God bless you. It's good to have you visitors here. Angelina, Kaylee, and Don. Don was here, he'd probably be back. And God bless you and family. Welcome. We appreciate you. If I've missed any other visitors, you're welcome. We're glad to have you. I pray that all of us that when we leave here today that something would have been said that will put a a a fire in our hearts to get closer to God, to search God out. And you may think that, well, I have a relationship with God. But even the man that wrote the words that I just that I just read, the Apostle Paul, who I believe had the greatest revelation in all the Bible of the Lord Jesus Christ, even he said, "I have not yet attained it." There was a desire that that was in the Apostle Paul to get closer to God all the time. And I pray that as as you leave today that that desire will be strong in your heart, Lord. I need a closer walk with you. I want to be with you, Lord. I want to know you better. Those words that I just read that this Jesus Christ is the very image of God himself and how we should always our whole lives should be dedicated just to knowing this man, Jesus Christ. A little bit better. And if reading his word today, we're going to go through this book of Colossians. We'll start today. We'll see how far we get and we'll just continue on if the Lord's willing over the next few weeks and going through the book and just take it for what it is in reading this this Bible. It is beautiful and I think that it'll speak to every one of us. And let's have a heart that is open for the reading of the word and the revelation of the word. This book of Colossians written by the Apostle Paul and he's writing this letter from prison. So Paul's in prison probably in Rome and he's writing this to these believers that are in Colossia and he's never met them. He's just received word of who these people are and and he's he's writing them to encourage them and this man Epaparus must have visited the Apostle Paul and told them that about this congregation that's forming over here in Colossia and wanting maybe Paul's wisdom and wanting maybe Paul's prayer and he pins this letter and he he writes it and he says here go and read this to these people and I wonder If Paul, Paul, Peter, James, John, I wonder if these brothers when they were writing these letters that now make up the New Testament of the Bible, I wonder if they knew the farreaching effect that their letters were going to have. I wonder if they knew that 2,000 years later, we would be gathered together in downtown Tucson. The It was originally written in Greek. it's been translated into English and we would be preaching on these words that were written in that letter. I wonder if they thought about that when when I wonder if the Apostle Paul as he was pinning this I wonder if he thought that this is going to be translated. This is going to go around the world. This is going to be the very foundation of Christianity. this new work that was going on. It is uh written in 64 AD which is maybe 30 years or so. 20 between 20 and 30 years after Jesus Christ had died on the cross and the and the apostles started preaching these doctrines of Christ and going out and telling the people the Messiah had come. And back then it was a really small the world actually was very very big. They they didn't have social media like we have. They they couldn't write a text to somebody on the other side of the world or on the other side of the city. They they couldn't they couldn't get on television and see what's going on. They they didn't even have newspapers back then. The news traveled very slow and it was these letters that went out and then they would copy them and then send them out. And it was these letters that told everyone here is who this man Jesus Christ was. I wonder if these brothers knew how important these letters were when they wrote them. I think sometimes I think they do because Paul said, "Read this also to the church at Leodysa." And then other times I think that there's no way that they could have ever imagined. And I'm going to talk about a little bit later I'll talk about another man that probably had no idea something that he did and how farreaching his ministry would be even to today. So this letter to these people of Colossia again, Paul never met them, right? He was encouraging them and he writes these words and let's let's turn let's let's start with verse one and we'll hopefully we'll get through chapter one and maybe we'll get into chapter two but we'll see how far we get. Listen to this. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God. Now he says later on that he wrote this with his his own hand. So he didn't dictate it to someone else. This was something that he sat in his study maybe under the the light of a lamp and wrote this out. Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God and Timoththeus our brother to the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colasse. Grace be unto you and peace from God our father and the Lord Jesus Christ. We give thanks to God and the father of our Lord Jesus Christ praying always for you since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and the love which you have to all the saints and the love which you have to all the saints. So he says that we're thankful to see that you have accepted this Jesus Christ and that that you have received this faith and that you know who he is. But equally with that, he said, "And the love that you have for all the saints." So I don't believe that you can have Jesus Christ. I don't believe that you can be a Christian and not have love, pure love one for another. Right here, the apostle puts them right next to each other. The most famous scripture in the world, the one that that is quoted more than any other says, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son." It is all about love. This man Jesus Christ, he was the personification of love. For the hope, I'll read number four again. Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and the love which you have to all the saints, for the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof you have heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel, which is come unto you, as it is in all the world, and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day you heard of it and knew the grace of God in truth. This is the amazing thing about Christianity. It hasn't changed. Paul wrote this say, as I said before, about 30 years after the apostles started going going out and preaching this and we look today and we're doing the same thing as they were back then. It was spreading back then and it's still spreading today. And you wonder, well, where's it spreading? It's not like it was that no one has heard of Jesus Christ like they did 2,000 years ago. But they may not know who this Jesus Christ really is. Everybody's heard of him, but you may not know what Christ really represents. And we see that apostolic age. We see that spirit of the apostles and it's on parents teaching their children. It's it's in each church and and if if they are lifting up Christ that same spirit that these apostles have is right here and what is it? It is focusing on one thing and that is the man Christ Jesus. That is the apostolic spirit. One day soon, it's been 2,000 years. One day soon that that spirit is going to go back to the originators of this word, the ones that wrote this word, which which are the Jewish people. It's going to go back to them. Paul was a Jew. Peter was a Jew. John was a Jew. And they took this word and they freely gave it to us, the Gentile people. One day soon it's going to go to those same that same lineage that it went from. The New Living Translation of that of that verse is really beautiful. It says this in verse number six. The same good news that came to you is going out all over the world. But it is bearing fruit everywhere by changing lives just as it changed your lives from the day that you first heard and understood the truth about God's wonderful grace. So tell me that's not today. That is the same spirit today as it was 2,000 years ago. It's going out and it's changing lives. I want to tell a story about a man that you may may or may not have heard of. His name is John. back in the mid700s. He was a very sinful young man and he had chance after chance to serve God and he always stuck his hand in God's face and said, "I I really I don't want you." He was raised by a stepmother who really didn't care a whole lot about him. He uh was sent to boarding school where he was mistreated and beaten in the boarding school. And it it really he had just a the kid was probably easy to beat because he had a real headstrong way about him. And he he probably really upset the teachers and he didn't he didn't care about the rules. He didn't respect anybody. He was about one thing and that was serving himself. This young man John, he uh and he really just cared about indulging in anything that made him feel good. Didn't care about anybody else. He was raised he was kind of a Christian in the Anglican church. His his stepmother was and then his dad was kind of a Catholic but didn't really there was no real religion real strong religion in the home. Um his dad was a sailor who went on various ships and as young John grew up. There were many things that happened to him where he would face death and then he would get out of it and the Lord would lay it on his heart, you need to consider me. Wow. And he never would. He was um he was he he went uh he went around and and sailed with his dad for a while. Then he he got other jobs. He he he was always just a really belligerent foul-mouthed young man and he um he got a job on on a on a ship. He ended up not showing up. Then uh they he got pushed into the Navy. He went into the Navy. He met a girl and he says, "You know what? I don't want to be in the Navy anymore. So, so he deserted from the Navy and he he went to be with this girl. So, he got in all kinds of trouble. And back then, you didn't just live off of the government. If you didn't have a job, you had to have a job. So, they they took him and he was a disgraced young man and they put him on slave ships trading slaves. And the young man was so belligerent that even the sailors said, "This guy's got a foul mouth." He would he had a gift in his life. As I said, he was he was forced because of his disobedience, he was forced to join the Navy. He met a girl. He ends up he ends up deserting the Navy. And he he started getting in more and more trouble. He puts um he gets on this slave ship and he had a gift in his life of being able to put words together and like poems. And he started writing poems about the captain of his ship, dirty poems, dirty words. And he got the crew and they would start singing these nasty songs about the captain of the ship. How do you think that went for him? Even the people, even the crew that was on the ship were like, "This guy is going too far in his nasty language and and and making fun of the captain." So, what happened is the captain takes him and he puts him in chains and he puts him in prison on the ship. And they get to the slaveport and he pulls him out and he says, "Here, take this guy." And then this young man John, he goes to work for these African slave traders and he becomes a slave. And later on he he writes that during that time he says, "I was once an infidel and a libertine, a servant of slaves in West Africa." He wrote a letter. He's able to get a letter out to his dad. His dad was able to help him escape and he went back into the slave trade. And three years later, again, he kept he kept on with his his belligerent ways and he kept on with his with his just nasty language. And three years later, he's on his way back to England and a big storm comes up and the ship starts taking on water and the ship starts to sink and he's walking along the edge of the ship and and the waves are coming in and he he looks back just where he had walked and the big wave comes and hits and the person that was standing right where he was standing gets swept out to sea and dies. He looks at that and he cries out to God and he says, "Lord, have mercy." And then the storm started to calm and he gets back to port in uh in England and he says, you know, he says, "I need to start being more serious about this." And what had happened, let me go back for a moment. what had happened, what really put John over the edge before is he always he always thought, well, there is a God and and and he he does take care of me and all of these things happen to me. But there was a a friend of his, a sailor that gave him a book. And in this book, it said that you just have to be a good person. And all of these different religions, they are not worth anything. And this Christianity isn't it isn't that important as long as you're a moral person. And from that time, John set aside any Christianity that he had ever learned and he followed his own way of thinking and he followed his own sinful desires. It was that time and it may be a website today that we we look and we say, "Okay, well, it's not that important as long as you're a good person, as long as you don't hurt anybody." That's not true, friends. The very foundation of Christianity, it is exclusive. Jesus Christ himself, the one that we put up as God, the one I was just reading about said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life, and no man can come to the father except by me." Christianity is the only way. And you say, "Well, what about these other people? What about the Hindus? And what about the the Buddhists? And what about the Muslims?" It's wrong. And I'm not condemning them, but the word condemns it. That's right. And says you must have this Jesus Christ. He is, as I was reading in Colossians, he's God. And if you don't have him, you can't come. You can't be there. And when he had read that, when he had read this book, he all of his mor any morality that he had just went away. And he was worse than he had ever been. And then that storm hits. He almost dies. And he spends these days on on the sea where the the the ship is sinking and the storm lifts and it wakes him up and turns his his mind once again back to this man named Jesus. And he starts the thing that we should all do. He starts reading this Bible. He starts studying the word. and he starts seeing his errors and he starts seeing the truth in the Bible and time goes on and he stayed on the slave ship but as on the slave ships but as he was reading the Bible he starts to get promoted he starts to do better in life he starts to be more honest so he's he starts to be more successful so he's he's he's promoted to first mate and then after time goes on then he's he gets his own ship and he's the captain and he starts seeing as he's reading the Bible he starts seeing this slave slavery thing is wrong. And he sees these men that are being sold and he says, "This is this is wrong to do this." And it it hurt him. But he still continued to do it. And he would do well, he backslide. Do well, he'd backslide. And he never left the slave trade. So what happened? He had a stroke and he couldn't sail anymore. So he went back to his home and he loved this word and more and more and he started preaching this word and he he started expounding on it and saying that this slave trading and he started his life started to be devoted to to condemning slavery because he saw that in this word it it strictly condemns it about beating a fellow man or doing doing what they were doing and he saw how filthy that he used to be. And we should all friends we can look back at what we used to be and we can all have this man John's testimony saying I was a sinner. I was wrong and now I am different. As Paul said, I haven't attained it yet, but I'm going in the right direction. I'm not going back there. And the more he preached, the the better that he the more he wanted to understand God's word, the more he read. And for pretty soon, no more investing in the slave trade. No, no more of that. Now, he he started ministering full-time and and singing and and he took his gift that he had of writing these poems. Before they were filth and belligerent and profane and now they were talking about God and he was preparing for his New Year's Day service and he was he went to he wanted to preach on 1 Chronicles chapter 17 and it was in his heart Lord I have come back from all I was the worst of the worst. And he read this in 1 Chronicles 17:1 16. And this was the inspiration for his sermon that New Year's Day. And David the king came and sat before the Lord and said, "Who am I, oh Lord God, and what is mine house that thou hast brought me hither to?" It's neat that we read in the King James version, the Old English, because this is what he read. And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, oh God, for thou hast also spoken of thy servants's house for for a great while to come and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, oh Lord God. David saying, Lord, I am nothing. I've come I've come for nothing and and now you've made this great man out of me and here is this man John and he's ministering before a church maybe of this size or smaller who knows and then John Newton recited the poem that God had given him in in preparation for this sermon a few days before and it reads like this. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. And grace my fears relieved. How precious did that grace appear the hour I first believed. Through many dangers, toils, and snares I have already come. His grace hath brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures. Yay. When this flesh and heart shall fail, and mortar life shall cease, I shall possess within the veil a life of joy and peace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun for bear to shine. But God who called me here below will be forever mine. When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shining as the sun, we've no less days to sing God's praise than when we'd first begun. I wonder if John Newton when he wrote those words, Amazing Grace, and he wrote that song. I wonder like the Apostle Paul in this book of Colossians. I wonder if he would have ever known that that song would be sung in congregations around the world. the song Amazing Grace. I don't think that he knew it, but it was the inspiration of Jesus Christ on that man and seeing where he came from and the wretch that he was and how he took this man just like he did King David and made him a great man. I don't think there's anyone in this room that has done as bad as John Newton. And if he can turn John Newton's life around, then most surely he can turn around any of our lives. Let's go back to Colossians. He's speaking of this man. Paul's speaking of this man that he just met. as ye also learned of Apaffris, our dear fellow servant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ, who hath declared unto us your love in the spirit. For this cause we also since the day that we heard it do not cease to pray for you and and and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding that ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. John Newton's change came when the fear was set in him on that on that storm and he was going to die and he cried out to go to God and God heard him and what did he do? He began to increase in the knowledge of God by reading the Bible. Amen. And here's what the apostle is saying. He's saying that you should increase not just in the spirit but in the knowledge of God. And how do you increase in the knowledge of God? You study God through his writings, through his word, strengthening with all might according to his glorious power unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness, giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints of light in light. Most translations say, "Which has qualified us to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins. Who is the image of the invisible, the firstborn?" Hold on a second. Thanks, brothers. Brothers, let me tell you. Brothers and sisters, let me tell you. Every person on the face of this earth has a soul. This man here, even though he's disturbing service, I do believe God loves him. And I believe that that he is somebody he he's got a soul. He may not be right in mind, but God loves that man. Father, with the same spirit, Lord, of those that reached out to the sinful people, Father, we pray that your hand would be upon this man that had just come in. And Father, you'd deliver him from the demons that are tormenting his mind. And Father, that you would have mercy on him. for any of us Lord could be in that same situation but father you had mercy on us and may you have mercy on him in Jesus name we pray amen friends we're nothing none of us are anything and any of us could be found if God just takes his hand off of us for a moment we will slip back and I thank God that he's had mercy on us. Where was I? Uh verse number 10. That's why we're here. That's why we preach the Bible. It's not the Jesus said that this the the well people, they don't need a doctor. It's the sick people that need a doctor. And this man, John Newton, was sick. He had major issues. And God stepped on the scene through a storm and gave him his word and it changed his life around. And it could change that man's life around, too. that you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God, strengthening, strengthened with all might according to his glorious power, unto all patience, and longsuffering, with joyfulness, giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints of light, who hath delivered delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. Brother Aaron delivered us from the power of darkness. Where have we come from? A dark place. But he can reach in and pull us out of that dark place and bring us into the presence of the Lord Jesus and change our lives. In whom, this speaking of Jesus, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of our sins. I believe that's when he walked in when I read that. Who is in the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth and visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or power or all things or all things were created by him. and for him. We don't give Jesus Christ enough time in our lives. I don't even think we give him enough time in this pullpit. He is everything. He can change any life. He's changed mine. He's changed yours. And he's still working on me. There's a song. Where's Josiah? one of those one of the songs that you sing um I think quotes that that verse right there that uh for by him all things created. I think that's one of the songs that you usually sing. It's it's just beautiful. And he is before all things and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have preeminence in all things. As I said, that means Buddhism, that means Hinduism, that means Mormonism, that means whatever Jesus Christ is supreme. He is sovereign. He is God. For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell. What does that mean? that in him, this man Jesus, all fullness dwell. To me, it says, I mean, it says it says incredible things, but in a sense, the Trinity doesn't work. I've heard scholars say that the Trinity is three independent manifestations of God. If all the fullness is in this man, this one man, Jesus, how can they be independent if they're all in one? They have to be one. Amen. And the father, the son, and the holy spirit. If they're independent in each, if they're independent of each other, then the fullness cannot dwell in the son, Jesus Christ. Right. Colossians chapter 2 says, "For chapter 2:9 says,"For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily." So all of it dwells in this man Christ. We'll get into baptism uh in a moment, but that's why it's so important to take on the name of Jesus Christ rather than titles. When you're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you are baptized into that name that represents the fullness of God. It represents all of God. So in effect, when you're baptized in the name, when you're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you are baptized in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. You are baptized even more than that. Just those three things. You are baptized into all of God, every bit of God when you are baptized in that name. And having made peace, verse number 20, verse uh chapter one, and having made peace through the blood of the cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself, by him I say, whether they be they be things in earth or things in heaven, it's all by Christ. And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works yet now hath he reconciled. English Standard Version says, "And you who were once alienated and hostile in mind doing evil deeds, he has now reconciled." Amen. Think about this man, John Newton, and the life that he lived. Think about this man that just walked in. May God may God bless him. Think about all of us. And we all know we can look at our lives and say, "Lord, I'm doing this wrong. I'm doing that wrong. I'm doing this evil. And I know I shouldn't be doing that." And he's saying that whatever it is, he has reconciled you. Even though you were bad and you were a sinner, he has reconciled you from your evil deeds. He did it. The song Amazing Grace. How many of us, that's probably everyone here, has worshiped singing that song. No matter what church you come from, no matter where you've been, you've sang Amazing Grace. Now you know what it represents. It represents he took a sinner man or a sinner woman and changed that person and you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your own mind by wicked works. Yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. how it's all gone. No matter what sin that you've done, if there is a desire in your heart to see to serve Christ, he comes in and he wipes it away and it's gone. It's history. And he presents us before the father as as pure, perfect, no sin at all in us. Thank you, Lord. And you who were once alienated, hostile in mind, doing evil deeds, he has now reconciled in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. But wait, we can thank God for what he has done in our lives, but the next word is if. There's an if in this. We can't just say, "Oh, well, I'm doing well and and I the Lord Jesus has forgiven me and and and I can sin all I want and and me and the Lord we have this relationship." But he says here, the apostle says, "If you continue in the faith, grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which you have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven, whereof I, Paul, and may have made a minister." So don't be moved away from the hope of the gospel. That word hope is so beautiful. the hope of the gospel. And no matter what your life is, no matter if it's an addiction, no matter if it's if you're struggling with with some sort of a drug or it could be pornography or whatever it is, Lord, there is hope for me in this gospel, in this Jesus Christ. There is hope. If there was hope for John Newton, then there's hope for me. I can change. Never forget about hope. Amen. Never forget that there is a brighter future for you if you can just accept this man Christ. And the gospel, Jonathan, you and I were talking yesterday. The gospel is not discouraging. The gospel is never discouraging. The gospel is encouraging. There's there's correction there, but I want to be corrected. It feels good to make a change in my life. The word of God is our advocate. It is not our pro our persecutor. Now who now rejoice in my sufferings for you and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake which is the church. Whereof I am made a minister. Paul speaking. I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations. But now is made manifest to his saints. Lord, what is that? This mystery even the mystery which has been hidden through the ages hidden through the generations. What is that min that that mystery that's been hidden from the garden of Eden? What is this mystery this mysterious voice that came out of the burning bush with Moses that said I am that I am and spoke that that spoke to Moses and gave his commission. What was that? What was that pillar of fire that led the children of Israel through the wilderness at night and the pillar of cloud that led them in the day? What is that mystery? What is that shikina of glory that came down into the holy of holies in the temple in the wilderness or in the tabernacle in the wilderness and came in Solomon's temple? What is that mystery? What is that? What is that pillar of fire? What is it? It's been a mystery all of these years. And they and they they would they would talk about Moses and the prophets and they were they would wonder, but what is this this name? I was talking with the kids last night that this name of God they they they didn't even write it down in the Bible because they can't pronounce it. What who is this mysterious God? Who is this mysterious one that parts the Red Sea that does miracles and then other times he just lays silent? What is this mystery? Who is it? And it says right here, it all comes to this right here. The entire Old Testament, the entire Bible comes to this right here. Even the mystery which has been hid from the ages. Hid hid from the ages and from generations. but is now made manifest to his saints to whom God would make known what is the riches of his glory of the of this mystery among the Gentiles. Here it comes. Which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. We talk about a new birth. You hear ministers preaching about receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You pre you hear ministers preaching about Christ in you. This is the mystery that has been hidden through the ages that Jesus died for our sins. Rose up on the third day. And now he comes and lives in us. The same shikina of glory that filled the temple. The same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. The same pillar of fire that spoke to Moses out of the burning bush. That same one, here's the mystery, comes and lives in his children. Amen. What an incredible answer to the mystery that the Apostle Paul says here. Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's the mystery, brother Dan. It's everything that this same Jesus Christ that was born of a virgin that preached this these beautiful things that died on the cross for our sins that conquered death, hell, and sin and the grave. Rose up on the third day. And the same one enters into his people with what is called the new birth. what is called the baptism of the Holy Spirit whom we preach and we should be preaching him and really nothing else. Whom we preach warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom that we may present every man perfect in Jesus Christ. None of us are perfect. All of us are sinners. But we are perfect in him because he presents us as the perfection of Jesus Christ where unto I also labor striving according to his working which workketh in the which workketh in me mightily. I pray that when I leave this world I can say the same thing that Paul just said that he worked in me mightily. I hope that you want the same thing. The Lord worked in me. Thank you, Almighty. He had me write a song or he had me sing a song or or he had me witness to someone or he had me raise a family that that love the Lord or he had me preach a sermon. I think of this man John Newton. How many sermons were preached? How many sermons have you heard in your whole life? None of them compare to Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. None of them compare to that because that's that's worship and whatever our role. And next week we'll get into being knit together through love in Colossians chapter 2. But the the main point in this chapter one is this man Jesus Christ is the mystery of God revealed and then he comes and he lives in his people in chapter 2 verse 10. I'll read I'll read uh read this. And you are complete in him. We'll get to this next week also. And you are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power. In whom also you are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands in putting off the body of of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Jesus Christ. Chapter two, we're going to get to how legalism is wrong and how it produces sin. But when you truly accept this Holy Spirit into your life, that is what deals with you. That is the mystery of God dwelling in you. And the musicians can come as we close. Now listen to this as we moved in move into the baptismal service. buried with him in baptism wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who has raised him from the dead. So when we go to the waters of baptism says right here that you are buried into the waters symbolizing when Jesus went down into the grave and you have made a commitment Lord I am going to be no more of myself. This person that that once was I am going to change. There is going to be a new person. As Jesus died and rose from the grave he was given that glorified body. He was giving a he was given a change and now we are baptized in honor of that saying I want to take on this name of Jesus Christ where in all the fullness of God dwells I am going to take on that name of Jesus Christ in baptism and when I come back up it's symbolic of saying I am going to be a different person now and I'm going to make an effort. I was telling a brother yesterday that this is something this baptism is something that you do for God. You know we we get so much from the Lord. But when we go to those waters of baptism, we are saying Lord I am going to do this. There's not much I could ever do for you but I am going to take on your name. I want to be associated with this man named Jesus Christ. He is my Lord. He is my savior. And now when I get baptized, I am going into this water, going into the grave. And I am coming up and through faith in the operation of God, I am going to be a different person by the same God that raised up Jesus Christ from the dead. another way. You can't have three different operations. You can't have three individuals working in the same God. You can't do that because Jesus himself said, "I will lay my life down and I will raise it back up here again." And this says that God raised him back up. He is the fullness of God, friends. He is everything. He is our all and all. It's all about the Lord Jesus. And he is love and he gives us hope. And if you're struggling with something today, I promise you, I promise you in the name of the Lord, he can deliver you. He can make a change in your life. But you have to make an effort. Just like this man, John Newton, he had to do something. He could keep living a sinful life. And the Lord keeps speaking to his heart and speaking to his heart. But then one day he said, "I got to change." He cried out to God and God saved the ship. And then he started reading his Bible. And you know what? It wasn't immediate. So often we want it to be right now. Lord, I want to change. I'm going to get baptized and I'm going to change right now. And then whoa, on Monday, man, I'm still feeling that addiction. starting to feel withdrawals and then you slip but then you try again. That's what happened to John Newton. He kept slipping and then moving. But you know what he did? He would take a step forward and then a little step back and then another step forward and a little step back. And pretty soon he was all the way over here. It's like, "Wow, I backslid all of those times, but look at how far I've come. Look at how far the Lord has bought brought me." And so so so many times we just want to see every single time that we backslid and every single time that we made a mistake, but we're still moving in the right direction. Who wants to be baptized? One. Two. Anyone else? Three. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Let's uh if you go back and meet uh Could you help, sister um Elizabeth? Could you help? Please go back and see the deacons in the back. And it's a great move, friends. This is you are now doing something from go for God. I'm doing Lord, this is what I'm doing. I'm going in front of all of these people and I'm saying I am going to make a change in my life. I am going to be a different person. Lord, I'm going to keep trying. I'm going to keep pressing. I'm going to keep pushing. I love that. And you are completed in him. Paul said, "Whom this man whom we preach, warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." That's why we preach Jesus, that that we will be presented perfect before the father. where unto I also labor striving according to his working which workketh in me mightily. That's what I want to be. Brother Lionel, when I leave this world, I want to be able to say the same thing that Paul said. That spirit worked in me mightily. I have not attained it yet, but I'm moving in that direction. Do you want to move in that direction? It's important, friends. Praise God. For the visitors, we will we'll go up and baptize and then we'll close our service. God bless you friends. You've been wonderful audience. And if you get anything from anything that I ever say, get this that Jesus Christ is your savior. that Jesus Christ wants you to come to him worse than you want to come to him. He desires to have to present to us. He desires to wipe away those sins. But we have to surrender to him. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a rich like me. And I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my [Music] fears. How precious did that grace appear out I first believe in me day to place we have already come. [Music] It is grace that brought me safe thus far. And grace will lead me home. And we've been there 10,000 years. Christ shineing as the sun. We've no less days to sing God's praise. And when we first beun in [Music] amazing grace, how sweet the song that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun for bear to shine. The God who called me here behold will be forever mine. [Music] And amazing grace, how sweet the sun that saved a wretch like me. And I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. God sent his [Music] son. I'm going to have you say your name. Tina. Tina. What's your last name? Valenuela. Tina Valenuela. I sat on the steps right here. And I said, Tina, I said, "Do you know what you're doing? And is this your choice?" And Tina said, "Yes." And I said, "Why do you want to be baptized?" And she said this. She said, "Because I don't think I have enough of God yet." I think that's a very good reason, sweetheart. Tina, by your own confession, by your own testimony, I baptize you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] We baptized a lot of over the past year and a half or so. We've baptized about 70. Most of those have been adults. And boy, I love seeing the kids come in saying, 'Lord, I I just You love seeing the Holy Spirit work work on on the young ones. One of the ones that many of us have got to know is this young man coming into the water right now. We talked about stand right here, Brother Roy. We talked about baptizing and and what it means. And Rory asked me yesterday, he says, he says, 'Why water? Why do we have to be baptized in water? And I told him, I said that in the Old Testament. I said, everything is is is a type. The New Testament is always a type or or the real part of the Old Testament. We hear about this Messiah that's going to come and we we see all these sacri s sacrifices that go on in the Old Testament and then they were manifested in this man named Jesus Christ. And in the Old Testament when we see cleansing and when we are cleansed when when they went into cleansing it was to wipe away something that was dirty in their lives. And now the reason that we baptize fully immersing in water is because it represents this is the manifestation of what was proclaimed in the Old Testament that you go down into the water for the washing away of your sins is what the Bible says. Acts 2:38 says,"Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, for the wiping away of your sins, and then you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit." what I was just talking about down there, God living in a man or a woman that you are promised that if you come into these waters of baptism that that same God will now dwell dwell in you. Roy, you have something to say. Um, I want to get baptized because I think I need more of the Lord and I want to serve him. [Applause] doesn't mean church by your own confession. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] I met this guy coming in, first time I ever met him, nice spirit. And I was just telling him, "Come on in." I was just telling him that he was there in the front and he had such a nice spirit listening to everything that I said. And sometimes when you're a minister, it just helps you when there's people in the congregation that are really hanging on everything that you said. Josh, do you have something to say? Yes. Um, I decided to get baptized today because I'm prepared to give my life over to the Lord and start living by his word and his way. Praise God. Yes. That's the reason. That's the reason that we're baptized. That's the revelation, man. That's the whole thing is I am going to make a change. I'm going to give my heart to Jesus Christ. By your own choice, your own testimony. [Music] Hold my hand. Joshua, my friend, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Is there any more, Daniel? We'll uh we'll sing a few songs. Daniel, I'll be right down to close. And I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you made a way cross the great divide. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. So there at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had owed. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied and thank you Jesus it has washed me white and thank you Jesus you have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glory Glorious life. You took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. And you were buried for three days. But then you walked right out again. And now death has no scene. And life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. So thank you Jesus for the blood of life. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. It brought me from the darkness into glorious light. If there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood, the blood that calls the sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our fathers through the blood. The blood. And there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. Oh, the blood that calls the sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our fathers through the blood. The blood. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus you have changed. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. If we could stand up this evening and thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Amen. And he did. He brought me from darkness into glorious light. What a spirit. Let me tell you something. What a spirit that was up there. I uh I was just man, there's three souls that were just wonderful people. And I am just grateful that we can see that the Lord is still working. He's still doing things. He's still taking care of us. And uh he's awesome. He's great. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your goodness to us, Lord. Thank you that there is something in our hearts that has a desire to serve God. It seems that it's such a rare thing today. But Lord, there is just something I can I can relate to what Peter said that the the people said to Peter. They said that our hearts were cut within us as you spoke about this man Jesus Christ. And Lord, I thank you that that spirit is still there, that spirit of repentance and that spirit of love and that spirit of change. We thank you. May your hand be upon all those that were here today. And Father, I pray I know Lord that the word teaches us to ask for big things. I pray that every person in this building would be saved and filled with the Holy Spirit and would be there on that day, including the man that came in in the middle of service. Lord, may we all join together around that wedding supper, that wedding table, and be safe and secure in Jesus Christ. Grant, Lord, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. service tonight. We'll we're going to sing and uh we might have a special a special blessing, a special surprise tonight if if it works out. But uh we are this is going to be a special blessing because we're going to sing songs of praise to the Lord. God bless you. You're dismissed. I love you, [Music] Lord, and for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. And I love your voice. For you have led me through the fire. And on darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after it's run after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. He forgive. And die to by my part in an empty grave is there to prove my savior will live. And because he [Applause] lives, I can face tomorrow. [Music] And because he lives and all fear is gone because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. How sweet to hold a newborn baby and feel the pride. Be joy. Jo still the calmer. This child can face uncertain days because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know he holds my [Music] future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And then one day all cross the river I'll fight lies by no war with pain and death gives way to victory. I'll see the light of glory and I'll know he lives. Because he [Applause] lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and life is worth living just because he lives. [Music]
