################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-27 - The Life of Saul Pt3 Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-27
Title:   The Life of Saul Pt3: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TMNr9h4VLI
========================================

Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. [Music] I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. This little light. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This light, [Music] I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a bush. Hide it under a bush. Oh no, I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bush. Oh, no. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a shore. No, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. And I love him better every day. I love him better every day by his side. I will abide. I love him better every day. Let's do the spelling. I love him better every day and wide. I love him better every day. And while close by his sides because I love him better. Let's all stand to our feet. I love him better every day. Why? I love him better every day. Why close by his s I will make I love him better. Praise praise God. I love those songs. I just came to glorify glorify your name. [Music] Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. And there's no I know. I'll tell you. I'll tell you where I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. Let's sing it again. I just came to I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. There's no s I know. I'll tell him. I'll tell him wherever I go. I came to glorify. Glorify your name. Brother Aaron, would you come up and open the service in a word of prayer? Sister Amelia asks for uh Eva who's having lower back pain. That's the only prayer request we have. If you have any any needs, God sees them all. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, came to glorify glorify your name. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Lord, we thank you that we have a privilege to come and gather, Lord. There's nothing to keep us away, Lord, but we willingly come to give you honor, to give you glory, to give you praise. You deserve all the glory, Lord. Father, we ask you, Lord, if we've done something today, an attitude, a thought, an action, Lord, it was displeasing, Lord, that you would just wash it away and cleanse it away. L nothing disturbed, Lord, this service today. May you be pleased, Lord, with our worship, Lord. May may it just be something, Lord, that would be a blessing to each one of us, Lord, as it as you bless us, as we give honor and glory to you, Lord. the need that was requested and every heart here represented. Lord, you know the need. You know the desire, Lord. Sometimes we can't even put it in words how we're feeling or what we but you know best Lord for us Lord. Lord as we worship in song Lord and and just participating Lord helping to create an atmosphere Lord that you be pleased to to come and minister through your servant tonight Lord. Lord, we give you all honor and glory and praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go ahead and grab somebody's hand and welcome them to church on Wednesday night. Amazing grace, my chains are gone. Key of D. E flat. E flat. And we'll do my chains are gone. [Music] You can all have your seats, too. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. Was grace. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relieve. How precious did that grace appear? The hour I first be. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. That next verse, the Lord. The Lord has promised good to me. His word, my hope secure. [Music] You will my sh and tor should be as long as life. My chains are yours. My God, my savior has ransom me. And like a flood his mercy reigns unending love. Amazing grace the earth and the earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. [Music] But God who called me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns unending love. Amazing grace. Sister Hope, you have a song tonight, right? If you want to come on up. While she's coming, let's just sing Jesus breaks every feeder. Jesus breaks every feed. Jesus breaks [Applause] every feder. Jesus prays every feather and he sets me free. One more time. Jesus breaks. Jesus brings every fer. Jesus breaks every fet. Jesus breaks every feed and he sets me free. Let's sing. I will give God the glory. I will save God the glory. I will give God the glory. Oh, I will give God all the glory for He sets me free. [Music] He's God at the pulpit. He's God at the back door. He's God in the amen. He's God all over the floor. Oh, I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his God when the lightning flashes. He's God when the thunder rolls. He's God way up in heaven. He's God way down my soul. Oh, I know God is good and God will never change. I know God is Jesus. He's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's gone when you serve him. He's still God when you Oh, I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is mine and Jesus is his name. He's the guy that believer. He's the guy that raised the dead and the stand up on his promises. He'll do just what he said. Oh, I know God is going to change. I know God is Jesus is He's God in the Father. He's God in the soul. He's God in the Holy Ghost. And I know this is the one. Oh, I know God is not to change. I know God is. And Jesus is his name. He's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Spirit. And I know this three and one. Oh, I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Thank you, Sister Hope. As brother Daniel gets ready to come out, they that wait upon the Lord. Let's start with the verse. Teach me Lord Jo. Teach me Lord to wait. Down on my knees tell in your own good time. You answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do. Not to wait a prayer for the answer from you. For they that way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mountain with him as he goes. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk in my dream. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to me. Teach me Lord the way. And teach me Lord to wait. My hearts are afraid. Let me humble my pride and call your name. Keep my faith in you. Let my eyes on you. Let me be on this earth you want me to be. For they that upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with his as he goes. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me to [Music] we stand a moment. Let's pray. [Music] Heavenly Father, we approach you in the name of Jesus Christ and ask Father that you'd be with us this evening as we read your word and and Lord that we would get out of it, the purpose that you had in recording it. Bless us tonight, Father, and all those that came here that might have a need. I pray that you'd meet those needs in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Special thanks KG Fuji, my friend. God bless you. Good job bringing his talent all the way here all the way from Japan. Very uh kind-spirited brother. Um, I I asked Josiah to sing that song, They That Wait Upon the Lord, because we're going to be talking about King Saul again tonight. And it's something that Saul had a very difficult time doing. And that's that's waiting on the Lord. And, you know, I just I think all of us probably can relate to this man, Saul. I was telling Stephanie last night that that he's much more relatable to me than than David is. He just David was flawed like all of us, but Saul's flaws are just so easy to see. And and he suffered from from all of his flaws. He He made hasty decisions and he suffered for those hasty decisions. He got overly spiritual and he suffered for doing that. He lost his temper and he suffered for doing that. He said foolish things and he suffered for that. He was jealous. He got threatened by this young man David and he suffered for that too. To uh to be right it just when David came on the scene to be right Saul really should have just handed the whole kingdom over to David. But who could really do that? Who could have enough faith to really even though that they knew that God had Saul knew that God had chosen him, how could he have faith like that? I just I I look at Saul and and I see he he repented just over and over again. But then he would go and he would make the same mistake. How many of us, you don't have to raise your hand, do the same thing I do all the time. And I look at this this Saul and I just maybe God recorded so much about King Saul is because he wanted us to examine ourselves. And if you're like me, I thank God that I don't have to suffer like Saul suffered for making many of the same mistakes that I make. I um it's so easy to condemn other people. And whether in our everyday life or even when we read about them and it just he is is such a relatable person is King Saul. And I pray that I'm approaching this in the right way. I know that he an evil spirit took over his life and and he he really struggled with depression and and anxiety and there was a lot of problems with Saul. But I want to make Saul somebody that is easy to relate to so that we can see our flaws and we can thank the Lord that we don't have to suffer like he did and maybe make our wrongs right in a better way than Saul did. um the beginning of his reign. I'll do a little um recap. He was a humble man. He's tall. He was good-looking. He was well spoken. He was a king that the people of Israel could be proud of. He he uh at the very first when he was when he was presented with a problem, somebody was talking bad about him. He didn't lose his temper when these sons of Balile um started ridiculing him, started making fun of him and and putting him down. But he had mercy on them. He showed great leadership skills and really that never ended all the way till he died. He showed great leadership skills when he rallied all the tribes of Israel to battle at Jabish Gilead, his first battle with the Ammonites. Saul truly, he had the gifts to be a great king, but the whole reign of Saul from the beginning was just it was fundamentally flawed. I could never understand and and I I really believe that now I I can I kind of have a have a handle on it, but I could never understand why that God said that the people had rejected him. They had rejected God when they asked for a king. And then yet God gave them a king. And David that was a man after his own heart. It was obviously God's perfect will for the people of Israel to have a king. And Saul, he was God's choice as a king for Israel. And the people didn't choose Saul. God chose Saul. But I believe when the people asked for a king, they asked a miss. They wanted a king because of their lack of faith. They wanted a king because of their lack of desire to have a relationship with God. And that is that is why that this Saul came along. And let's understand the mistake that Israel made in wanting a king. It's really it's very very important that we we do a little uh recap on this because it really helps us understand Saul and it helps us really understand the whole Bible. The prophet Samuel, he was the last judge in Israel. The judges started after Joshua. They were leaders. Um one was a woman. Most were men who led Israel really out of harm that resulted from Israel's sins. Israel would send, then God would send a deliverer. Gideon, Samson, Deborah. Um, and the last judge was a prophet, one of the mightiest prophets that had ever walked the earth, and that was Samuel. Israel prospered really under the leadership of Moses. They prospered under Joshua. They prospered under all the the judges. And I'll say it again. They sinned when they did not have good leadership. Israel did. And Samuel was one of the greatest leaders in in all history. But he was getting old. His sons were sinful. People saw it. Other nations had kings who had led them in battle. And some of these kings are listed in the book of Judges. and the ones that fought against is Israel. And uh the books of books of Samuel, 1, 2 Samuel, 1, 2 Kings, and then the books of the Chronicles list some of these foreign kings. And so they they had seen these other kings. And without the godly leadership of Samuel, their question was, who is going to lead us into battle against our enemies? And I really believe that that's where they they didn't have faith in God. And that's where they had forsaken God is because they they wanted someone to lead them rather than have faith. And God had always led them. He led them out of Egypt with Moses. He conquered the greatest army in the world. He he led them with Joshua. They they won almost every battle when when they were right with God. It was a good example from from Joshua and how the is Israel people lived. And after that, when they would fall into sin, they got used to having somebody be their really their Holy Spirit for them. Samuel was a prophet and everybody knew that. But what about when this prophet dies? What about when he leaves? The one thing that Saul, as we go through his testimony, he never failed in what the Israelites asked him to do, which was lead them in battle. He was a master. And he won war and battle after battle. He was exactly what the people asked for. Somebody they respected. He came from an affluent family and he was battleh hardened and battle tested. So really he was an outstanding choice for a king. But as he reigned, we saw that he started to make mistakes. The Lord told Samuel or the Lord told Saul through the prophet Samuel when they were preparing for battle to wait seven days before they went to battle. And then Samuel would arrive. They would make a sacrifice and they would go into battle which was very common before they would they would go. So Saul seven days passed Samuel didn't show up. So Saul made a hasty decision and he didn't wait for the prophet. Seven days came and then he decided that he was going to assume the role of a priest and make the sacrifice himself. Samuel showed up and then right after Saul had done that and he got a rebuke. Saul got a rebuke from Samuel. God still wanted and this is the thing that we have to understand. God wanted the sacrifice to be made. God wanted Saul to ride into battle and and defeat the enemy. But God has his way of doing things. And just because something sounds good religiously does not mean that it is good. Now, brother Brandham, one of uh my favorite sermons brother Brandham preached was trying to do God a service without it being the will of God. And in that sermon, in fact, I I don't know, probably 30 years ago, 25 years ago, whatever it was, I wrote down in my Bible a quote from Brother Brandham about trying to do God a service without it being his will. And uh let's I want to read that quote to you. It says this. There's your five musts. It's got to be that way. his time. Speaking of God's time, it's got to be the right time to do it. God's time, his season when he said it would be the man that he chose to do it. And it must come to the prophet and the prophet must be a vindicated prophet. We find out many of them in the Bible when it comes to prophets. And it wasn't vindicated. So, Brother Brandham, leave the quote up there. Brother Brandham lines out the things that we have to do in making a a decision like this. And Saul may have been the right person to ride into battle and to defeat the enemy, not Samuel. But it was supposed to be Samuel to make the sacrifice, not Saul. God has his perfect his person ready for the job. And then he close then the end of the quote there it says our prophet is Jesus Christ. It shows that we can have that spirit of God within us that can make those decisions. It has to be the right person has to be the right time and it has to come from God really. So Saul was called to be king. Samuel was called to be prophet. Others were called to be priests. Each gift was ordained to operate in its own way. And Saul had taken too much on himself at that at that time. And under the pressure to go to battle and wanting to do the right thing, he made a hasty decision and made the sacrifice. Something God didn't want him to do. Many times he made a decision because it sounded good. And as we get deeper into Saul's life, we're going to see that he did this often. And it was often based on his emotions. It was an emotional response that Saul had or and many times it came out of fear, sometimes out of hatred, that he made a mistake. And as I was going through some of the mistakes that Saul made, I came up with a few things that that really that really influenced his problems. And the first one, and I think this is really the strongest one, is fear. And it's probably Saul's biggest weakness and called caused most of his mistakes. And it's the one thing that we don't see any, this is what's amazing. We don't see that fear in Saul when he's going into battle against the enemy. It's because he was in his calling from God. And there was no fear in that man. And and he was he was great at it. But when he was operating outside of that and he made poor choices, that's when you see that fear come in on him. And these hasty decisions that he made, these led to poor decisions. And we'll see tonight another hasty decision he made. Later on, if we continue on in this series, we'll see that Saul developed a temper. And uh this was brought on by fear and uh fear of David taking his kingdom and he tries to kill David multiple times. He followed his emotions rather than seeking God. a very easy thing for us all to do following our emotions rather than because our emotions can be very easily deceived. But if we would just seek God, get past those emotions, then then we can we can find the the right answer. And all this led as time goes on, it led to more and more pride on this man Saul. So for the lesson tonight, we'll see that uh that Saul again went on his emotions and did what seemed right on the outside. So he was excited. Saul was excited to see the power of God that I'm going to talk about in this story that I'm about to read. And then he brought the blessing. So So Saul Saul saw saw a miracle from God. And then he took those blessings that he had seen in that miracle and then he brought it to a place that God did not want it to go. And we'll read that tonight. And it, like I said at the beginning, it is so easy to make these mistakes that he made. He made a decision to get a little bit more spiritual than God required. And in doing that, he lost the respect of the people in his kingdom. and he almost lost his son Jonathan over this mistake. It's an ironic happening because his position as king, this is it's a very odd thing that happens. Saul's position as king, God required that the people honor his position as king and honor his directives even though he was wrong. It's it's it's an amazing thing and I we'll uh we'll get to it. Very very interesting story I'm going to talk about tonight. Let's get into it. 1st Samuel 14. Start with verse one. Now it came to pass upon a day that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bear his armor, come and let us go over to the Philistines garrison that is on the other side. But he told not his father father. And Saul terried in the othermost part of Giba under a pomegranate tree which is in which is in Migron. And the people that were with him were about 600 men. And Aaya, the son of Ahitub, Icabad's brother, the son of Fineas, the son of Eli, the Lord's priest in Shiloh, wearing in Ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone. So what happened here is Jonathan. He was a warrior too. Mighty warrior. This is this is Saul's son. This is the heir to the throne. So Jonathan tells his armor bearer. He says, "Let's go up, you and me, and there's a garrison of the Philistines up on the hill. Let's you and me go up there, and we're going to climb up, and if the Philistines look down on us and say, "You stay down there. We're going to come down to you. Then we'll run back to camp." But if they say, "You come up here to us, then you and me will go up there and we'll kill them all." These are Philistines. These are big dudes. Big, strong warriors. So the armor bearer says, "Do whatever's on your heart, Jonathan. Let's go." So they go up there and there's two these two big sharp rocks and they go between those and then they they start up the mountain and and they get up to the area that these Philistines were and the Philistines they made themselves known these two men smaller men Israelites make themselves known to these 20 warriors up on the hill. They look down. And I always put myself whenever I tell this story, I think about the story. I don't put myself in Jonathan's place because I know Jonathan knew exactly what was going to happen. But I put myself in the armor bearer's place. And as they were as they were climbing up there, he was probably thinking in his mind, are they gonna tell us to come up or are they gonna say come down? And I wonder if he was scared that they were going to say, "Come up." So he's there. Jonathan says, "Okay, let's make oursel known to him." They stand out in the open. And you know what they said? They said, "Come up here." And Jonathan's like, "Let's do it." So they go up there, they climb up the mountain, they get up to the top, and they start they kill 20 of these these warriors. the uh the the armor bearer has Jonathan's back. Jonathan's killing them all. The armor bearer is killing them too. And they defeat all of these Philistines. So then all once this happened all of the whole army, the Philistine army, they all got scared and and then at that time the earth starts to shake. So the Philistines, they lose their minds and they start fighting each other and the Lord just does a mighty miracle. Let's start uh let's go to verse 16. And the watchmen of Saul in Giba of Benjamin looked and behold the multitude melted away and they went on beating down one another. Talking about the Philistines beating each other. And then Saul said unto the people that were with him, "Number now, and see who is gone from us." And when they had numbered, "Behold, Jonathan with his and his armor bearer were not there." And Saul said unto Aaya, "Bring hither the ark of God." For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel. And it came to pass while Saul talked with talked unto the priest that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased. And Saul said unto the priest, "Withdraw thy hand." So what happened here is the priest Aaya who is uh mentioned at the beginning of the chapter some um they they go and get the ark and and Saul's going to seek the Lord and he sees hey the battle's on. He's like, "You know what? Forget it. Let's just go fight." So Saul goes down there. Saul and all the people that were with him assembled themselves together and they came to battle and behold every man's sword was against his fellow and there was a very great discomure. Philistines were killing each other and there was a great confusion everywhere. Moreover, the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up um which went up with them into the camp from the country roundabout, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan. So, the Hebrews that were on the Philistine side, they turned and they turned on the Philistines and they started fighting with their fellow countrymen, the the Hebrews. Likewise, all the men of Israel, which had hid themselves in Mount Ephraim, when they had heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle. So the Lord saved that day, and the battle passed over unto Beth Haven. So this was a great victory that the Lord had given the Israelites under the leadership of of Saul. Jonathan and his armor bearer are the ones that actually got it started. They got the ball rolling and they probably increased the faith of these Israelites and then Saul jumped on board and he destroyed this Philistine army. It's a great example of God's power. And imagine the victory. Here's Jonathan and his armor bearer killing 20 warriors. An earthquake comes. The Philistines panic. They start killing each other. And then Saul's army rolls down through and just destroys everything in their path. And God was the head of all of it. Can you imagine the rejoicing? Can you imagine the encouragement? Can you imagine how they felt? Now Saul makes a crucial mistake. Instead of just leading his army into battle, he did something that might sound good religiously. He commanded all the people to fast. don't eat. We have them on the run because of God. So, let's keep this going and devote more of ourselves to God. We want more consecration. It sounds good, right? But wasn't God's will. And the men of Israel were distressed that day. For Saul had adjured the people, saying, "Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies, so none of the people tasted any food." We have to be careful with our religious ways. I talk about the Holy Spirit a lot and how the Holy Spirit is the word of God that's really dwelling within us. There's a time to fast. There's a time to eat. Really, there's a time to pray. And there's a time to work. There's a time to go to church. And there's a time to rest. You know, let's let's read it. Let me read. I didn't give Ecclesiastes 3, but uh could we turn to Ecclesiastes 3? We'll go to um verse number one. says this, "To everything there is a season, a time for every purpose under heaven. A time to be born and a time to die. A time to plant and a time to pluck what is planted. A time to kill and a time to heal. A time to break down and a time to build up. A time to weep and a time to laugh. A time to mourn and a time to dance. A time to cast away stones and a time to gather stones. A time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing. A time to gain and a time to lose. A time to keep and a time to throw away. A time to tear and a time to sow. A time to keep silence and a time to speak. A time to love, a time to hate, and a time of war and a time of peace. And although Fasting is right and praying is right. That was not the time to do that. When they were going to battle, remember that Jonathan, this is very important. Jonathan didn't know the order to fast. He was killing Philistines at the time when when Saul gave it. And it all comes to a very very odd set of circumstances that really has no wind because of Saul's decision. Verse number 25 of uh 1 Samuel. Thank you. And all they of the land came to a wood and there was honey upon the ground. And when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped, but no man put his hand to his mouth, for the people feared the oath, that oath from Saul to fast. But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath. Wherefore he put the end of his rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in a honeycomb, and put it put his hand to his mouth, and his eyes were enlightened. So it gave him strength. I remember I was fasting one time. I don't remember what I was praying for. Maybe in my mom or I don't remember what it was. Um, but I was on the about the third day of a fast and you get really weak and I was outside and uh we were working at a youth camp and somebody came by and gave me a Gatorade. And I'll tell you, I was weak. And I took that Gatorade and I was like, I'm thirsty and and I'll just I'll just drink I'll just drink a little bit of it. And I knew I was fasting and it was I don't know if my mouth absorbed the sugar, but it was an immediate just just rush of strength. It didn't last very long because it was just a little bit. But just that little bit of Gatorade really lifted me up. And that's what happened with the with Jonathan is he took that honey. And it just gave him some strength. Then answered one of the people and said, "Thy father straightly charged the people with an oath, saying, "Cursed be the man that eateth any food this day." And the people were faint. Then Jonath then said Jonathan, my father hath troubled the land. See, I pray you how mine eyes have been enlightened because I tasted a little of this honey. How much more if happily the people had eaten freely today of the spoil of their enemies which they found. For had there not been now as much greater a slaughter among the Philistines. So Jonathan is undermining his dad and he's saying no matter how how wrong Saul was and he's saying that we would have done a better job killing these Philistines if you guys were eating all of the food that you took from the Philistines. So So you're you're going into the camp and they got some good bread here and they got honey and they got butter and they got all this and you're starving to death. Why didn't you just eat some of the food? You would have had more strength. But the king, even though he was wrong, had given a decree not to do it. And they smoked the Philistines that day from Mcmash to Agelon. And the people were very faint. And the people flew upon the spoil and took sheep and oxen and calves and slew them on the ground. And the people did eat them with the blood. Now this is an abomination. We know about kosher food. This is an abomination. What the people were doing for a Jew to eat meat that hasn't been properly prepared. And this was not properly prepared because the the blood the because of the laws about the blood, the laws from Moses. So they were hungry after the battle. They followed Saul's command until the evening. So now they did no disobey the king, but now they disobeyed God for eating this this this unclean way. So Saul's ill-thought command caused the people really to commit another unrelated sin. And then it gets worse. Then they told Saul, saying, "Behold, the people sin against the Lord, and that they eat with the blood." So this whoever it is, a priest came to him or one of his servants came to him and said, "Listen, the people are sinning. They're they're breaking Moses's commandment and they're eating this the this meat with the blood in it." And then here's what Saul does. Here's what Saul says. King Saul, he says, "You have transgressed. It can't be my fault. You've done wrong. Roll a great stone to me this day." So, he's blaming somebody else for his mistake. Now, he says, "Roll this stone up up to me." So remember how I said earlier that Saul passed the blame on to others and here he blames the people. He says, "You have transgressed. Anybody but himself is to blame." So now we've got a mess. A great battle was won and the Lord did a miracle. And because of because of Saul's misplaced zeal, it caused the people to sin. So he gets a big stone. Saul gets this this big stone and then they start killing the animals on it and properly preparing the food. And Saul said, "Disperse yourselves among the people, and say unto them, bring me hither every man his ox, and every man his sheep, and slay them here, and eat, and send not against the Lord in eating with the blood." So he's saying, "Do it right now." and all the people brought every man his ox with him that night and slew them there. Remember Saul's decree, the fast was over now. So s now Saul is in damage control. He's trying to keep the people from sinning and facilitating keeping co the kosher way of eating the animals. But really, it's his fault that they were starving to death. And Saul built an altar unto the Lord. The same was the first altar that he built unto the Lord. And Saul said, "Let us go down after the Philistines by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not leave a man of them." And then they said, "Do whatever seemth good unto thee." Then the priest said, "Let us draw near hither unto God." So the army was behind him, but the priest said, "Don't you think we had to pray about this first?" what we would say today and it's so many times and brother Aaron knows how many decisions are made in a church that it may seem like something trivial but we need to pray about every single thing because even the little thing that Saul said about let's fast it caused all of these problems. So this this priest says, "Hey, well, let's let's seek God about this. Let's pray about this first." So today we one of the lessons we get from this and Saul really made this mistake many many times is always bring things before the Lord. And I read that quote from brother Brandham at the be beginning that we need to seek God and make sure it may be the exact right decision to make but it may be the wrong time to make it. It may be the right thing to do but it may be the wrong person to do it. There's so many different things going on. And that's why Paul said that he said I pray I I pray always. That's why we should always be seeking the Lord on everything that we do. Every little decision, Lord, what is your will? And then the Holy Spirit, if our heart's right, the Holy Spirit will, he may allow us to make make a mistake, but he'll fix it because our heart is right or he'll let us make the right decisions. So this man says, "Let's pray about it." And obviously Saul, it was good. And Saul asked counsel of God, and he said, "Shall I go down after the Philistines? Wilt thou deliver them into the hand of Israel?" But he answered him, "Not that day." This is strange. Saul knew he was to go to battle. Saul knew he was in the Lord's will and doing these things. And then yet, God would not answer. So, there was something wrong. Remember Saul's king. He's the one that is seeking the Lord over this. And he also had that authority. And even if Saul makes a bad decision, God still placed him as king. So the people in the kingdom are obligated to follow what he says to do. As long as it's not against God and not sin, they're obligated to do it. Even if he makes the wrong decision, we're going to see that right here. He had the God-given authority as king. But God didn't answer yes or no. And he remained silent. And as I said, this was a bad sign. Something was wrong. And Saul said, "Draw ye near hither, all the chief of the people, and know and see wherein this sin hath been this day." Someone in the camp had sinned. Remember the story of Achen and Joshua. Achen disobeyed Joshua's orders of not taking any of the spoils of the battle of Ai. Uh or was it Jericho? Don't take any of the any of the spoils. And then um Achen goes in and he steals a wedge of gold and he steals a Babylonian garment. He just takes them. No big deal. Nobody's going to know. He takes them. But God knew. and he hit him and then they go to battle and they lose men. The curse of one little sin that Achen made was poured out upon all of Israel. And here is the same thing. Someone had sinned in the army. What had happened? So Saul is seeking God and he's not answering. So he knows something is wrong. And he says this, "For as the Lord liveth, which saveth Israel, though it be Jonathan my son, he shall surely die." But there was not a man among all the people that answered him. So remember back couple lessons ago when Saul prophesied with the prophets, whether he made a bad or a hasty decision or not, he was and always would be a gifted man. this man Saul. There's a bit of foreshadowing here. And I doubt that Saul had any idea in saying what he said that this was going to affect his son Jonathan. And as many of the leaders probably knew exactly what was going on, but you notice they held their peace because they respected that great warrior Jonathan. Then said he unto all Israel, "Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan, my son, will be on the other side." And the people said unto Saul, "Do what seemth good unto thee?" So Saul and his son, his right-hand man, the heir apparent of his throne, were standing here, and they're looking out on all of the soldiers and all of the generals and all of the people that were going to battle. And there and Saul is looking and he's thinking, "Okay, which one is it going to be? Which one of these men sinned? Which one of these men went against my decree?" Which which was against the king? And he said, "Unto all Israel, be ye on one side. I and my I and Jonathan my son will be on the other side." And the people said unto Saul, "Do what seemth good unto thee?" Therefore Saul said unto the Lord God of Israel, give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken. But the people escaped. Let me read another translation of that. And I'll explain what's going on. NLT translation says this. Then Saul prayed, "Oh Lord, God of Israel, please show us who is guilty and who is innocent." Then they cast sacred lots and Jonathan and Saul were chosen as the guilty ones and the people were declared innocent. So it's like, whoa, all of these ones, they're not the ones, it's me or my son are the guilty ones. Now, what is this casting lots? I uh I looked this up and I I found and this is the best um explanation of casting lots that I could find. It's on um a Christian website called gotquestions.org and it says this, "The practice of casting lots is mentioned 70 times in the Old Testament and seven times in the New Testament. In spite of the many references to casting lots in the Old Testament, nothing is known about the actual lots themselves. They could have been sticks of various lengths. They could have been flat stones like coins or some kind of dice, but their exact nature is unknown. The closest modern practice to casting lots is likely flipping a coin. Now, this is important. The practice of casting lots occurs most often in connection with the division of the land under Joshua. Joshua chapters 14- 21. A procedure that God instructed the Israelites on several times in the book of Numbers. God allowed the to God allowed the Israelites to cast lots in order to determine his will for a given situation. Various offices and functions in the temple were also determined by lot. The sailors on Jonah's ship also cast lots to determine who had who had brought God's wrath down upon the ship. The 11 the 11 apostles cast lots to determine who would replace Judas in the book of acts. So casting lots and the yur and thumb in the old testament were really now this is me speaking were replaced by the holy spirit operating in the person to make a decision all after the day of pentecost but the casting of lots in the old testament was god a godgiving given way to make a decision. God was with it. All right? And Saul said verse number 42. And I I do believe I we don't we don't have a Ouija board. We're not throwing dice. We're not flipping a coin today. We are praying about things and we're asking God and we're trusting that the Holy Spirit will lead us. Back then it was different. And Saul cast lots between and and Saul said, "Cast lots between me and Jonathan, my son." And Jonathan was taken. Imagine how Saul felt. Then Saul said to Jonathan, "Tell me what thou hast done." And Jonathan told him and said, "I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand. and lo, I must die." Saul answered, "God, do so and more also, for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan." Now, Israel had never had a king. Other kings had to abide by their own decrees, even if that decree was made an error. So, here is Saul. He was either angry or he was just trying to be a king. But he sentenced his own son to death because of his own hasty decision earlier to have the warriors fast while they were in battle. A decision that sounded good and spiritual at the time to do it, but it had dire consequences. And it leads to this tense situation between Saul and Jonathan. He's about to have his son killed because he broke that decree that he didn't even know about. And what's amazing to me, and this is when I when I read this story, I thought, "Wow, God is the one that identified Jonathan." God is the one that wouldn't speak to Saul because of what Jonathan did because he broke the decree of the king. Very odd thing. Very very it it was it's hard for me to understand that because you you see here you have you have the king was wrong in doing it. But then Jonathan not knowing ate the honey but then he kind of undermined his dad. And the people said unto Saul, "Sa, shall Jonathan die? Who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid. As the Lord liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground." They probably lifted up their swords, their spears, and like Saul, no, you're not touching him. There shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground, for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan that he died not. So fortunately, Jonathan's fellow warriors and all the people, they really stuck up for him to the king. And so my question is that isn't I don't really have an answer for it, but where is God in all of this? What position did God take in all of this? Jonathan didn't know and he ate the honey, but Jonathan criticized the king's degree decree. And Jonathan was the main man. He was the top general. He was the heir to the throne. and his words meant more much more than just the common soldier. But God didn't answer the question when Saul asked to go to battle because someone had sinned and then God told on Jonathan and the people protected Jonathan. So who is right in all of this? Then Saul, he still has the original question. Well, do we go to battle or not? And really here, how many times have all of us been in that same situation? It's like, "Wow, Lord, I really messed this up. I did wrong. Maybe I caused somebody else to do wrong. And maybe I was my heart was wrong in the beginning. And what a mess that I've created. And now I'm having to live in this. Lord, I don't know what to do. And Saul's in that position right now. And Saul's like, "My army's not following me. They've forsaken me. My son went against my decree. I maybe made a mistake." So Saul's like, "What do I do?" It doesn't say say this, but he's about to make a decision and we know that that was that was in his mind. So really Saul's great victory at Mcmash with the earthquake and with Jonathan and and with the Philistines fighting each other and then them coming in and routing it. It was really overshadowed by his own people overruling him. So Saul went home that day. They should have been celebrating and he really went home defeated and it's starting to build this complex in Saul. And you can see now that he's making decisions and he's getting chastised for it. And even the people that he is king over now are forsaking it. And here's the decision he makes. And Saul went up from following the Philistines and the Philist Phil Philistines went to their own place. So really believe he made a good decision here. And that's so often when we find ourselves heard when you see that you've dug yourself a hole, the first thing you do is stop digging. And and Saul did that. He said, "Okay, well, let's just go home. Let's not chase him down. Let's not destroy him. Really, if God's not with us, then let's just let's just go home." So then Saul went up from following the Philistines, and the Philistines went down to their place. And they didn't try to chase this victory. A lot of times it's just the best to just stop. Just stop, regroup, go home, and then maybe sleep on it sometime. The musicians can come when we'll close. But then God continues to bless Saul's leadership on the battlefield. He doesn't fail as a military leader. He continues winning battles. God continues to bless Israel. But in the next chapter, Saul again makes a hasty decision. We don't have to time to go through it tonight, but the next chapter, Saul again makes the hasty decision. He does what makes sense in his mind rather than doing what God had commanded. And that will be the mistake that leads to the anointing of this young man named David to one day take his place as king. And uh we'll see Saul descend into a very dark depression that will really stay with him the rest of his life. Verse number 47. So Saul took the kingdom over Israel and fought against all his enemies on every side against Moab and against the children of Ammon and against Edom and against the kings of Zoba and against the Philistines. And whethersoever he turned himself, he vexed them. And he gathered a host and smokeote the Amalachites and delivered Israel out of the hands of them that spoiled them. Other translations, English Standard Version says, "And he did valiantly and stuck the Amalachites and delivered Israel out of the hands who pl of of those who plundered them." Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan and Ishua and Melishua. And the names of his daughters were these. The name of the firstborn was Miraab. And the name of the younger was Michael. That name has come up in brother Lyall's ministry on David. And the name of Saul's wife was a Henino, the daughter of Aheime. The name of the captain of his host was Abnner, the son of Nurr, Saul's uncle. And Kish, was the father of Saul, and Nurr, the father of Abnner, was the son of Abiel. And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul. And when Saul saw any strong man or any valiant man, he took him unto him. Remember, God had told the people of Israel, he said that this king that you're asking for, he's going to take your young men and he's going to send them into battle. And here Saul does just that. He builds this army and he fights valiantly, but he will continue to make these illadvised mistakes and act on fear. act on temper, act without praying or take try to take the place of a priest and continue to make mistakes. And as I said in this next chapter in uh chapter 15, we saw this was the final point that God rejected Saul. And at one point even says that he regretted that he even made Saul king. And uh he uh goes and um he loses his repentance. He loses his his character as one that uh really um is willing to take other people's advice. And um I just it's a tragic story, but as I said at the beginning, so many of the mistakes that Saul made, I can see in my own life, and I think you probably can, too. Like, wow, I thank God that I don't have to suffer like Saul did in his kingdom. Josiah, whatever you feel, it's fine. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Sing that again. Change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God, may I be like you. You are the father. You are the father. I am the clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God, may I be like you. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Now when we get into the Lord terries and we continue on the psalm, we, you know, it's it's I believe ordained of the Lord. I was about to say that the enemy has a way of getting in our lives and he can really attack us. He can really beat us down. And Sister Becky's beating you down. But you have to know and we always have to realize that God loves us. God loves you. God loves me. God He and He cares. And Sister Elizabeth, if you come up, he cares about us. And with this King Saul, mistake after mistake after mistake, but God was still with them. God God still won the battles for him, but it was when he got out of his role, when he got out of his calling that he had is when he failed. And I do I really believe that God allowed this King Saul. I believe that he allowed this story to be in the Bible so that we could place ourselves in this book and see all of these weaknesses, all of these failures and say, "Lord, I have many of these same problems. Help me to overcome them. Lord, let your spirit rest upon me." And then when that enemy comes in and he tries to attack you and he tries to get you down and he tries to just draw the the the happiness out of you, then we can cry out like David cried out, "Lord, put the joy back into my salvation." And he will. The same God that was there with Samuel, the same God that won these battles for King Saul, the same God that led Samuel to anoint David King, is the same God that's here with us tonight and he's with you. And it's so hard, friends. It is so hard to have faith in God. We want to do like Saul. It's human nature. We want to take control. We want to make the decision. We want to make everything work. But that is not God's way. God wants to be our king. He wants to be our ruler. He wants to fill us with the Holy Spirit. He wants the Holy Spirit to lead us in everything. He doesn't want us to make the same decision that the Israelites made saying, "Lord, we want someone to lead us into battle because we don't want to have that relationship with you." As I said at the beginning, I believe with all of my heart that it was God's will that they had a king and then Jesus came through that lineage. I really believe that. And it's his will that we have the Holy Spirit. And and there's an order of things, of course, but God wants that relationship with us. Amen. Let's all stand. Just silent, [Music] winds of faith. There are two roads you may take, one by side [Music] and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see. What you believe is what will be. Set your way to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, what's your need and what's your cry? What's your mouth? Much too high. Oh, speak the word of God. By and by, it will move for you. Set your wings to the winds of fame. You can fly in a high place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind and watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. For the power makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. [Music] It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Verse two. Oh, what's your need? And what's your cry and what's your mountain to high? Speak the word of God and by and by it will move or you will fly. Set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. A beautiful song inspired written by the hand of brother Josai's dad. Friends, I pray that these Bible studies, I pray that they're a blessing to you. They teach us lessons for today. I truly do not believe that God would record the things that he recorded. I don't believe it if it was not for us to read and for us to be inspired by, for us to be corrected by, and for us to be warned by. Saul had weaknesses that many of us have. I'd say all of us. Saul was one that is a very, very good example of a man that was full of weaknesses that we can relate to. Take these scriptures, take these stories, apply them, apply them to your life, and just thank the Lord. Lord, I'm thankful that I don't have to suffer like Saul suffered and that the people around me don't have to suffer like the people around Saul had to suffer because of my bad decisions. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we're grateful. Thank you for your word, Lord. Thank you for what you've done for us, for preserving this this Bible. And Lord, we pray that we could take a a lesson or two that was learned tonight and that it would stay in our hearts and stay in our minds. And Lord, that we would make good decisions in the future. Decisions that consult you, oh God. And Lord, you're so much more available now than you were back then. Lord, your son came and died for our sins. and made a promise that the comforter would come. And then that day we call the day of Pentecost. Lord, the promise of that comforter was made manifest at 120 in the upper room. And then Lord, by the words of your apostle Peter, Lord, you gave us a promise that we might also receive that comforter, that we might receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. Lord, we're so grateful that we live in this day now. That you've chosen us to live here. That Lord, your Holy Spirit is is so available if we would just dedicate our lives and if we would just surrender to you. May it be so, Lord. Pray that everyone here would truly surrender. Lord, help us to be right in our minds, see our faults, confess them, and then Lord, we pray that when we make that effort, Lord, that your spirit would come in and help us, Father, to conquer these WS and these these darts of the enemy. Protect us, Lord. Strengthen us. And Lord, may your Holy Spirit reign for reign supreme in our lives. May we go forward, the power, the demonstration of the Holy Spirit as our Lord Jesus command. Granted, Father, may your will be done in our lives in Jesus name. Amen. I have a guest speaker on Sunday, Brother Ryan Long, friend of mine, good brother. We're all familiar with him. He'll be speaking on Sunday morning. So, pray for service this week. And um I appreciate Brother Ryan. I trust him. He's not only I believe he's he's a uh a good minister, but he's also a good friend. So, please keep that in prayer this week. And uh may God be with each one of you. Stand strong. Remember, if I could choose any day in all of history to live, I would choose this day. This is the day that that I believe the second coming of Christ will be known. And I want to see him. Do you want to see him when he returns? I would rather see him in his second coming when he comes in all of his glory with his angels with him and he takes us out of this world. I would rather see him in this day because this will be the day that it's all wiped clean. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. [Music] Oh, have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Oh, have faith in God. Have faith in God. Oh, have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Jesus breaks every fatter. Jesus breaks every flatter. Jesus breaks [Music] every every fatter and he sets me free. Jesus breaks every feeder. Jesus breaks every shter. Jesus breaks every fetter and he sets me free. Jesus breaks every feder a feter. They're bonds, handcuffs. And Jesus breaks those feathers. He breaks that those bonds of Satan that so they they bind us. They put us down. They shackle us with with these weights that we should not have. that song. I I I've heard that song ever since I was a baby. The random liked it and it's always just every time we see that sing that song, there's something inside of me that it just it it does something does something inside when when that song and Brother Josiah, there's a verse to that song, isn't there? Um, sisters, is there there's a one of the verses in there in for that song? There's one that says [Music] Jesus breaks [Music] every fet. Jesus grace every shhatter. Jesus breaks every feeder and he sets me free. I will shout hallelujah. I will shout hallelu. I will shout hallelujah. For he sets me free. I will give God the glory. I will give God all the glory. I will give God the glory for he set me free. Jesus brings every fatter. Jesus breaks every fatter. Jesus breaks every feather for he sets me free. Spirit's nice, isn't it? Such a sweet spirit. Sometimes he goes into battle. Sometimes he shakes the earth. Sometimes he destroys our enemies. And then sometimes it's just a sweet, quiet spirit. He's God. He uses many ways. He uh the power of God is is great and it's not always loud and it's not always shouting. Brother Random said one time, he said, "The power of God." He said, "Do you ever hear the sunrise?" There's a lot of power in the sun rising and yet it's quiet. It's sweet before the Lord. And other times, we're to blow trumpets and then walls come down. He's just good. He's good. Friends, I do believe that he was with us tonight. I I really believe that. And I believe that he answered prayers tonight. I don't know which ones, but I believe that he was pleased with our service. I believed he was pre pleased with our worship. So, as you go, as you go, rejoice with God. Thank him. He's sweet. He's got such a such a just a a presence that it just makes you just Sister Crystal makes me want to cry when he's when he's just around. And other times it makes me want to shout, but tonight it's crying. God bless you, brothers and sisters. [Music] We are standing [Music] on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Oh, we are standing on holy ground. And I know that they are angels all around. Let us praise [Music] Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. And he is here. Hallelujah. [Music] He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. He is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless your name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless your name again. He is he. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here and you can touch him. You will never be the same. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I give you all give you praise. is you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. Paul and
