################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-24 - Discussion on Baptism: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-24
Title:   Discussion on Baptism: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4GQMwyNlNY
========================================

Amen. Praise God. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you once again that you were kind enough to us to bring us together that we might open the scriptures and Father to learn more about your word and more about you. Father, as we learn on this very, very important subject of baptism tonight, I pray that that you'd be pleased with all that's said and also, Father, that if there would be a question upon the hearts of anyone here or anyone listening in, Lord, that you would answer that question. Father, we pray, Lord, for wisdom. James, I believe it was, that said, if a man lacks wisdom, let him pray, God, that he would receive it. Father, we pray that you would give us wisdom in your scriptures, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you all. I wanted to go into the subject of baptism. We've had quite a few there there's always a question before someone is baptized. Should I be baptized? Should I not be baptized? And one of the questions that we received when I asked when I ask the congregation, if there's anything on your heart, write it down and then I'll try to get to some of these questions. I think two people wrote in that they would like to have a a sermon just dedicated or a lesson just dedicated on the subject of baptism. And I figured we'll continue on on these Wednesday nights and answering these questions and continue to write these questions in if you have any more. And I I think it's a very very important subject. It's baptism is something that really defines a Christian and it's something that I think we have to be careful about making this concept of baptism too complicated. It's actually it's it's a very very simple thing. And the the com another common question that people ask is, well, I didn't really understand baptism when I got baptized. Should I be rebaptized? And I I think it's a question in many people's minds. And and it's it's something that it's not necessarily scriptural to be rebaptized. It seems like baptism is pretty much the first thing that comes. It's the first thing that comes in the Bible is is you see that people give their hearts to the Lord. They and they want to be baptized and then many times immediately the Holy Ghost comes down on them. But I think if there's a question in your heart then of course it's better to not leave anything undone, not have any question in in your minds. But if you have truly given your heart to the Lord Jesus, if you have truly made that commitment to him and you were baptized correctly, I don't necessarily see a reason for you to be rebaptized. But again, if you feel that you want to be rebaptized, there's nothing wrong with it. I can't tell you any scriptures or anything that says that you shouldn't. Uh but a lot of times we do we make it too complicated and it's really it's a very simple concept this concept of baptism. Baptism is symbolic and you have to understand that it is symbolic before you can really understand baptism. It symbolizes death when you go down into the water but it is not death. It symbolizes a new birth, but it's not a new birth. It symbolizes your sins being washed away, but your sins are not washed away when you are baptized. And until we understand that symbolism in baptism, I don't think that we can fully understand what it is. It's um as I said, it's a simple concept and many times we make it too complicated. Baptism comes from the Greek word baptiso. And baptiso it means to be immersed in water. It um the definition says this to immerse to submerge to make fully wet. Pretty pretty simple concept. And it was used in reference many times to a sunken ship or a lot of times it was used it is used to describe washing clothes. You need to fully uh submerge your clothes in water to get them clean. So it just means to go underwater. And the Catholic Church has really just dumbed down this definition of baptism. It's and I understand it was probably for convenience sake that they did this, but they changed the practice of baptism into sprinkling or pouring water on on someone. It really it just butchers the whole concept of of of being baptized. The original with the Catholic application, the original meaning that the apostles had, it just doesn't make sense. The very word doesn't make sense in the Catholic application. And it just you don't sprinkle a ship to the bottom of the ocean. You know what I mean? You don't sprinkle your laundry when you're trying to get it clean. You have to really put it underneath the water. And it's symbolic, but this symbolism in baptism, it loses its meaning with sprinkling. And you don't want just a sprinkling of the remission of your sins. No, one sin will send you to hell. &gt;&gt; So, you want a complete baptism and a complete remission of sins. I remember I baptized a a sister and here and you want to go all the way underwater. And I understand that the the the Lord knows and we do our best to do things right. We we do our best to do things according to the Bible. But I was baptizing this sister and she got really tense and I I put her under the water and I got right about to right here and she wasn't having it. And I, you know how you think, you can think really fast in just a moment. And all these things were going through my mind and and I was like, it was probably a fraction of a second. And I and I put her down there and I was just like, I'm gonna do it. And I just I put her on the way up and then I brought her up and I'm glad I did because that that was the right way to do it. And I brought her up and she was okay. She didn't drown. She was only, you know, underwater for a fra just a little bit. But she got all the way underwater. And if I would have brought her up without putting her under, I I don't think that I would have broken the word of God. We were trying to do it. And I understand that there are probably situations when you really can't put someone all all the way underwater. But if we have the opportunity, we should make every effort to do things according to what the word says, towarding toward what the Bible says. The the Catholic Church, they say that they have the authority to interpret scripture in different ways or they have the authority to change it because the authority they say is in the apostles and not necessarily in the written word. I wholeheartedly disagree. the the authority is in the written word and not in the church. The church has to follow the leading of of the word and do their best to do what the word says. And it's it's when Jesus told the disciples that that when he when he came and he was washing their feet and Peter said, "Ah, you can't wash my feet." And Jesus said, 'Listen, if I don't wash your feet, then you have no part with me. And watch how Peter responds. He said, 'Lord, not only my feet, but my hands and my head. Peter wanted to be completely immersed in this Jesus Christ. So, we want to do things according to the word to the best of our abilities. It's it's vitally important that we do them right. And this baptism we have to understand. It's symbolic. Yes. But it is also necessary and it is also very very important. We really I wanted to start with our baptism. I wanted to start in the Old Testament. Now, we don't necessarily have any record of baptisms in the Old Testament. There are references to ceremonial washing and and the mikvah that they would make this ceremonial area that held water that that they could if they had touched an unclean animal or um certain times that they would go in and they would ceremonially wash. And I believe that that was a foundation and a precursor to baptism. But one thing that we see, the New Testament writers, and I will get to this, the New Testament writers, they often refer back to things that happened in the Old Testament. And they want us to apply baptism to these things that had happened in the Old Testament. They want a correlation to be there between baptism and things that happened in the Old Testament. And this one there there's usually a two-fold meaning of baptism in the Old Testament. There's usually judgment and salvation in in both of these. But let's look at the way that the Bible starts in Genesis 1 verse one. Watch what's associated with water here. And baptism obviously has water involved. Genesis 1:1. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. Now watch this. And the spirit of God, the Holy Spirit, the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. So we see right here, we see the Holy Spirit and water tied together in the second verse of the entire Bible. And often the we're going to see a lot of correlations in the Old Testament. And the two that I want to talk about are one of them is Noah and the other one is Moses where that this two-fold representation of baptism that we see the water came the water destroys and then the water saves. So we see Noah when Noah was here. He he built this ship and the earth flooded and judgment came upon the earth and it destroyed evil that was in the earth and then that same water saved Noah. Think about baptism. Let's go to first Peter chapter 3 verse 18. Remember, first Peter is in the New Testament and it's referring back to what happened with Noah and it says this. I'll read the New King James version. We'll have the Old King James up there. I like doing that sometimes because if we're reading the Old King James, you might not be able to understand some of the things, some of the words that are in there. So, if you have me reading the New King James and you can kind of apply them together. So, I'll read the New King James. We'll put the Old King James up there. 1 Peter chapter 3 verse 18. It says this, "For Christ Christ also suffered once for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but made alive by the spirit." Believe the King James says quickened. Quickened and and made alive are the are the same mean the same thing. And made alive by the spirit. by whom also he went and preached to the spirits in prison, who formerly were disobedient, when once the divine longsuffering waited in the days of Noah while the ark was being prepared in which a few that is eight souls were saved through water. There is also an anti-ype which now saves us. baptism, not the removal of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience towards God through the resurrection of Jesus Christ, who has gone into heaven and is at the right hand of God, angels and authorities and powers having been made subject to him. So here the author here, Peter, is saying, look at the Old Testament. Look at Noah. Look at what happened. This is like baptism. This is what happened. Baptism or the the earth was baptized with water. All of the bad was destroyed and then the good just rose to the top. And Noah the uh verse number 21. Let me point that out. And this is very important. And this is really the most important concept in all of baptism. I'll read the New Living Translation. Yeah, put put it up there. And and the water is a picture. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, like figure. The New Living Translation says, "And and that water is a picture of baptism, which now saves you not by removing dirt from your body, but as a response to God from a clean conscience. It is effective because of the resurrection of Jesus Christ." So, we see it's symbolic. And it is a response to God calling. It's a response. God is calling us and then we respond by taking the waters of baptism. And it's effective because Christ rose from the dead. This baptism. So when you think about baptism and this is going to be a recurring thing that it is always about Jesus Christ. Baptism is Now Moses Moses brought the people out of Egypt. They came to the Red Sea. The waters parted. They went through the Red Sea and then the Egyptians followed them. You know the story. The water came in and it destroyed their enemy and it saved the Hebrews. If we go to 1 Corinthians chapter 10, listen to this. I'll read the New King James Version again. Vers, I'll read I'll read the Old King James version. Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant how that all our fathers were under the cloud and passed through the Red Sea. All were baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea. And we're going to come back to that in a minute. All were baptized into Moses and the cloud in the sea. All ate. All did eat that same spiritual meat, that same food and drank the same spiritual drink. For they drank of that that spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. But with most of them and but with many of them God was not well pleased for they were overthrown in the wilderness. So again verse number two and they were all baptized into Moses and that same rock that Moses smoked and water came out that brought life that same rock was Christ. So here again the apostle Paul is bringing us back to the Old Testament and he is saying that look think about this baptism and it's already been happening symbolically in the Old Testament. So Paul's describing the Red Sea as baptism and he wants to make that connection between the Red Sea and our own going into the water. The enemy was destroyed in the sea and God's people were saved and going through it. Again, we come back to this that it's all about Christ and we'll come back to that scripture in in a minute on a slightly different subject. So, we have baptism, we have feet washing, we have communion, and we have salvation in the Levitical laws and even the Godhead and all of these things that are in the Old Testament. They're all about this Jesus Christ and they all point to him. So when you are baptized, you are publicly taking the name of Jesus and you are becoming a Christian. You are not baptized into a congregation. You are not baptized into a church. You are not into a church building. You are baptized into a body of Christ. And Christ is the one who cleanses your sins. And we're really going to clench that down as we go through this. And it's not, as I said, it's symbolic. Don't get too literal in these things. So, we have variations in baptisms in the world today. And we have baptism in the name of the the father and son and the holy ghost. We have baptisms in the name of Jesus Christ. And let me tell you, this might surprise you. The way that this church has always baptized and the way that I have continued baptizing has no precedence in the Bible. You know what I'm talking about. There is no one in the Bible who was ever that we have record of who was ever baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Ah, you're surprised. It's fact. They were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. They were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. But never has baptism been associated with that Lord Jesus Christ. I think it is correct and I'm going to show you why or I wouldn't do it. I believe it is correct. I believe God is many times represented in threes. And when we baptize, Lord is not a name. Christ is not a name. Jesus is the name. So when we say Lord Jesus Christ, we are we are talking about this man Jesus. So if someone asked me and they said, would you baptize me instead of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, would you baptize me in the name of Jesus Christ? I'd say, "Sure, it's in the Bible." If someone asked me, "Would you baptize me in the name of the Lord Jesus?" I'd say, "Sure, it's in the Bible." But if someone asked me and said, "Would you baptize me in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost?" I would say, "No, I won't because I don't think you're getting what the meaning of this is." So, three, I believe it is in God's plan. Now the Lord Jesus Christ is mentioned many times in the Bible. Acts 15:11 says, "We believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, we shall be saved even as they." Acts 15:26 as many men have hazarded their lives for the name of the our Lord Jesus Christ. And many more scriptures in Acts and Romans and 1 Corinthians say those words, Lord Jesus Christ. It's just when if you get into and I'm warning you, if you get into an argument maybe about baptisms and you say that no, you have to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, whoever's arguing with you might say, where is that in the Bible? And it's not there. I believe it's correct, as I said, or I wouldn't do it. But it's just, as I said, Lord's a title. Christ is a title. Jesus is is a name. So when somebody asked me if if they they want me to baptize according to the Bible, I'd say yes. But if they ask me the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit, I wouldn't do it because they don't understand the sovereignty of Jesus Christ. Matthew 28. And many many people think that well the disciples baptized the apostles baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Jesus said to be bapt to baptize in the name of the father son and holy ghost. So I'll take what Jesus said over what the what the apostles said. That means the apostles who have the holy spirit are wrong. And that's that's not right. Now listen to this. Matthew 28, let's start with 18 and then this will this will help you to understand what baptism is. Matthew 28:18 and Jesus came and spake unto them saying all power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. So many times when we say in the name when the Bible says in the name it means with the authority of. All right. Jesus is saying to baptize them in the name and then he is saying all authority is given to me. So when we baptize, we baptize in the name of the man that all authority was given to. All authority, father, son, and holy ghost, all of the godhead, all of it is perfected in this man, Jesus Christ. So when we baptize, we are baptizing in the name of the one that all authority has been given to, and that's Jesus. So you take into the account of Matthew 28:18 and then you take in the book the account of the book of Acts and Romans where they always baptize in Jesus' name. And I think it's plain that we must baptize in that name. And I believe it is absolutely scriptural that we baptize in Jesus' name and not in those titles. And it's not as simple as just saying titles. You are baptizing with the authority in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost. But there has to be a name associated with it. And of course we know that name is Jesus. Now I'm going to I'm going to try to get through fairly quickly and then I want to open it up to questions. That's why I'm saying some of these these topics that might be a little controversial. You might not understand. I want you to be able to ask questions here at the end. Let's um so we let's talk about this man named John the Baptist. So John the Baptist was an Old Testament prophet. We would say well he's in the New Testament but like Samuel was the last of the the judges. John the Baptist was an Old Testament prophet. Lukeapter 16:1 16 says this, "And the law and the prophets were until John since that time the kingdom of God is preached and every man presses into it." The amplified version of that says, "The law and the writings of the prophet prophets were proclaimed until John and since then the gospel of the kingdom of God has been and continues to be preached and everyone tries forcefully to go into it." So we see that John was a true prophet of God. And when he goes out and he starts baptizing, that is something that a prophet would do. It was something that wasn't usually didn't usually happen. So when the people saw John and he was going out and he was baptizing unto repentance, he was telling them, he says, he would say, "Now, do you repent of your sins? are you going to change your ways? Okay, I baptize you and you come back up and now go and don't sin anymore. And that's the way that John would baptize. And he was a he was and they looked at him, it's like, boy, this guy's a prophet. He's doing these things that only a prophet would do. They look in the Old Testament, they see this these these are bold things that John was doing. And they considered him a prophet. Now, let's go back to this 1 Corinthians 10. And I want to kind of explain this. And this is going to get us to Acts 19, which I read on my WhatsApp uh broadcast this morning. So, 1 Corinthians 10 verse one. I already read this. I want to read it again. It says this, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should that you should be ignorant how that all all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea. And all were baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea." Amplified of that says, "And all of them were baptized into Moses, into his safekeeping as their leader in the cloud and in the sea." So they were really they were baptized into Moses's ministry. I was at the tomb of the prophets in just outside of Jerusalem. And uh I went to and there's there's three prophets, Malachi, um Haggi, and one other one. I forgot the other one. And the the man that was there, he was telling me that these prophets many times they were buried with their um disciples. They were buried like in the same tomb. And he told me this, and I don't know how true this is, but he said that many times that these their disciples in the Old Testament, these prophets, they would go into these mikvas, these pools, and they would go down into them, dedicating their life and and coming back up, dedicating their life to the ministry that this prophet had. And it's like a conversion. Then the the a conversion of someone converting to a Jew, they had to go through this ceremonial cleansing. And when John the Baptist was baptizing, these people were baptized into his baptism for this repentance. They were following him as a prophet. So when he said repent, it means change your ways. turn around and be baptized and don't do it again. Okay, that was the baptism of John. And they'd say, "Go and and don't sin anymore." So John's baptism, if you look at it, it was only to repentance. There was no remission of sins. There was no taking away of sins. There was no sacrifice of sins. And also with John's baptism that there was no promise associated with his baptism. Very important part. So again, he would baptize you. Do you do you repent of your sins? Do you do you want to change? He would baptize them. He'd say, "Okay, go and sin no more." But there was no promise associated. There was no wiping away of sins. There was just a covering that would be placed over the their sins. Just like in the Old Testament, there was no remission. There was no taking them away. And there was no promise of the Holy Ghost. So again, John is an Old Testament prophet here. Now, let's go to Matthew chapter 3 and start with verse 11. Now listen to this. This is John the Baptist speaking. And he says, "I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance, but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear, he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire." So John's preaching that this Messiah is coming and he's going to bapti and his baptism comes with the Holy Ghost. His baptism comes with a promise. So we look at the Old Testament and we see that the Holy Spirit would come upon people like in Isaiah he would say the spirit of the Lord was upon me or Samson the spirit of the Lord would come upon him and he would have this great strength and be able to to defeat the the the Philistines and here he is promising that that this spirit will come upon you and it won't leave. It'll be with you forever. It won't just come and go. This promise of this baptism of fire is is about as powerful as a promise of anywhere in the Bible. And it's associated with going through this baptism. So John's saying that he is not that this man that's coming is not going to just baptize you to repentance or just in water, but you have a promise that the fire of the Holy Ghost will dwell within you forever. Verse number 12, whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner, but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire. Now, why would Jesus have to be baptized? So Jesus, write this next verse. Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John to be baptized of him. Why would he have to be baptized of John? He was perfect. There was no sin. There was no repentance in Jesus. He didn't have to repent. And John's there baptizing for repentance. Why would Jesus have to come? Another symbolism, another symbolic thing that happens here. So Jesus comes and the lamb that was to be presented in the Old Testament as a sacrifice for our sin had to be washed before it could be presented to the priest and killed for our sin for the whoever sin it was. Jesus came not to be baptized because of repentance. Jesus came as a lamb to be washed before the sacrifice. So John recognized this and verse number 14. But John forbade him saying, "I have need to be baptized of thee and thou comest to me." So John recognizes, he's a prophet. He recognizes that you don't de need to repent. You are the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. I have need for you to baptize me with the Holy Ghost and the remission of my sins. And Jesus answered and said unto him, suffer it to be so now. For thus it is be thus it becometh us to fulfill all righteousness. Then he suffered him. Then John baptized him. So when a lamb was brought to the sacrifice in the Old Testament, it had to be washed before it was brought to the altar. And then remember John's bapt John's prophecy that when that with the baptism of Christ comes the promise of the receiving the Holy Ghost. Now watch what happens to Jesus. So here comes the lamb. He comes in. He is baptized. Now there's a promise associated with baptism of Christ. Now watch what happens next. And Jesus when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water. And lo, the heavens were open unto him, and he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him. And lo, a voice from heaven, saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased." So there is the symbolic washing away of sins. And then there's the promise of receiving the Holy Ghost living inside of you. And here it does. It comes right down when Jesus is there. the Holy Spirit of promise that's going to be promised later on when we get to Peter in Acts chapter 2. Now, we have a baptism or we have a background with John the Baptist. He was a prophet and he baptized according he baptized to repentance. And people they even asked him, they said, "John, you're baptizing this way. are you a prophet or are you the Messiah? And John's like, "No, no, no. I'm" And then he quotes Isaiah saying, "I I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness." So he baptizes, makes a great name for himself, and then there is this man named Apollos. He was a Jew. He was a great preacher. He knew his scriptures backwards and forwards. He was a Christian. He was a mighty man, but he had not yet learned about some of these things like baptism yet. And all he knew was what he had learned from John the Baptist. He he knew to repent of your sins when you're baptized. And he also preached Jesus, but he had not yet received this revelation. Now, there's a famous couple in the chapter previous to Acts 19, chapter 18. this famous couple named Aquilla and Priscilla. They when when Apollos came and like I said, he was a very very gifted man, a great preacher. When Apollos came, they said, "You know what, Apollos, you're not quite there yet." And they explained to him some of these things like probably baptism. But Apollos had already preached and he already preached at this place called Ephesus to these 12 people that were there and he he preached Jesus and they got to know Jesus from this but they they didn't know about the Holy Ghost. They didn't know about this promise that is associated with baptism. So Acts 19 reads like this verse one. And it came to pass that while Apollos was at Corenth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts, came to Ephesus, and finding certain disciples, he said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since you believed. And they said unto him, we have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. And he said unto them, Unto what then were you baptized? And they said, unto John's baptism. So Paul had already been there, introduced them to the Lord, introduced them to salvation through Jesus Christ, but they didn't know about this baptism and the promise associated with it. So they were baptized according to John's ministry. It was good, but they stopped with John and they needed to go further to Christ. And John had John, of course, he was a prophet. He was to make make p make the way straight for the Lord. But even with John, and this is something that when you really dig into your Bible, you see that John after he introduced Jesus. John still had his disciples, many of them. And really the only ones I know for sure that did what John said were John, beloved disciple, and Andrew. And yet all of these other ones stayed with John, even to where they even got into arguments, the disciples of Jesus and the disciples of John. So John still had his that that followed him. Now listen to this. Then said Paul, verse number four. Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is on Christ Jesus. So he didn't do what John said, folks is what he's saying. The baptism of the Holy Ghost didn't come from John's ministry. It came from Jesus's ministry. It came from Jesus's sacrifice. And and they were and Paul was explaining it's he was saying listen there is more to this. You can go deeper into this. This Jesus Christ is greater than you can ever imagine. And when they heard this they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul laid his hands on them, the Holy Ghost came on them and they spoke with tongues and they prophesied. They received that gift that was promised. All right. Now, we'll close, we'll finish up with Acts chapter 2. So, Peter, so now we have a foundation of what this baptism is. Now, let's see this first application of true baptism. So, Peter in Acts chapter 2, he had received the Holy Spirit with 120 of them in the upper room. And then Peter goes out and he preaches Jesus Christ. And you know what happened? You remember the sermon on Sunday in the biatitudes? The people they were the Bible says that they were cut in their hearts. They they were they felt bad for their sins. Remember blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. You have to realize that you are nothing. Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. They were seeing that that they had done wrong and they needed forgiveness. They they needed something other they than what they had. They felt terrible for their sins that they had done. And then blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth. They were meek and they came to Peter and they said, "Listen, we're not right. We want what you have." They were showing all of those steps of becoming a Christian. They understood that they needed help. They they felt bad for their sins. And now they're humble enough to say that they want the same Holy Spirit that Peter had. Now when they had heard this what Peter had preached, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" It's a good question. I feel bad for I need to do something. What can I do? Then Peter said unto them, repent. All right. John the Baptist is his baptism was repent. Which means you you feel bad for what you've done. Now you go and you make a commitment to change. Repentance is very important with baptism. That's why again the Catholic Church, they just butchered this whole thing. They baptized babies. How can a baby be baptized? How can a baby repent? They don't know what they do wrong. You cannot understand baptism. You can't be truly baptized correctly unless there is that repentance that you feel bad for what you've done and then you want to make it right. You want to make a change in your life. Peter said Peter said unto them, repent first and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ. Remember Acts 28 or Matthew 28:19. All power is given unto me. All the power in heavens and earth everywhere is given to this man named Jesus Christ. And that is the name that we take on. And that is why Peter here said that you are baptized in this name. And Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of your sins." The remission of sins, the taking away of sins. Now, Peter is saying like, "Listen, you can have your sins forgiven. You can be you can be completely made whole." This man, Jesus Christ, was the true lamb of God. He was the sacrificial lamb. He takes away the sins of the world. Jesus is everything and he died for you for the remission of sins. Now, here's the promise associated with baptism. And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Look at the difference between Jesus's baptism. That's why it didn't work in Acts 19. It didn't work for the Ephesians. Look at the difference between Jesus's baptism and John's baptism. The repent part was the same, but now we have remission. We have taking away of sins. And we have the promise of the Holy Ghost when you're baptized in that name. For this promise is unto you and your children, and to all that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. &gt;&gt; So, it's a promise all the way to us. So, do you see the importance of baptism? It's symbolic. Yes, it is symbolic. When you are baptized up in the water and I put you down, it symbolizes in um I believe it's Romans chapter 6, it symbolizes going down into the grave, but you don't die. And when I bring you back up, it symbolizes being resurrected, a new person, but you are not a new person. and you come up out of the water and the water symbolizes washing away of all of your sins. But it doesn't wash those away. Everything goes back to Jesus Christ. We do it because it is a commandment and it represents something greater. But we must do it because the Bible commands it. And then if we do that, then we have that promise. Are you with me? That is baptism. Lord, I feel bad for what I've done. I feel that I have sinned and I need forgiveness. And that starts the progression. And the very first thing is baptism. and you go up there and you are baptized according to the word of God in the name of the Lord Jesus taking on that name it that's why the name is so important friends we have to take on a name calling ourselves Christians Christ is there we want that name associated with us we want Jesus associated with us we want to be a Christian so we have to take up on that name not of Christ as I says the title but of Jesus Jesus Christ that is the name that we want and that is the name we are baptized in and we are baptized into his body baptism all right so now I finished early and I did it for a reason I hit some subjects that you've probably never heard before I I said some things but they're correct according to the Bible so what questions questions do you have? Come on, Sister Ed. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'll get you. &gt;&gt; Sure. Very good question. So, brother Aaron says that I was baptized wrong. Let's say I was baptized in the titles of the father and the son and of the holy ghost. Should I be rebaptized? You didn't take on a name if you were baptized in those titles. Now, are you going to be saved? Sure. I believe if you gave your heart to the Lord Jesus, you'll be saved. But you didn't do it right. And we want to do everything right. So no, I would say yes, you should be baptized according to Christian baptism, according to what the what the apostles said and yes, you need to take on that name of Jesus Christ to to be in baptism if you really if you want to do it right and if you want to do it according to the word. And the second question brother Aaron asked is I've been baptized before once or twice or three times or whatever it might be, but I have sinned after I bapt I was baptized. Should I be rebaptized? No, that is not a requirement. You are baptized once. And will you sin? Yes. Paul said, he said, "All have sinned and come short of the glory of God." Paul said, "I have to die daily." You are going to sin. But you can go back and you can say, "But I was baptized in the name of Jesus Christ." And you may have received the gift of the Holy Ghost and still sinned, but you just you just backsliden. You come back to the Lord and you say, "Lord, I remember that day that I went up into the pool." And maybe you might think, you know, I didn't do it right. I didn't repent. I wasn't I wasn't baptized, right? Should I get rebaptized? I would say, you know, it's up to it's up to you. I say, if if this is going to be something that hinders you, if this is going to be something that really bothers you, that that's going to that's going to cause you anxiety. Yeah, be baptized. Again, sure, there's nothing wrong with it. You're not sinning when you do it. But is it required? I would say no. Does that answer your question, brother? Sister Esther. So the sister said that that she was baptized when she was 18. She backslid for a period of time and then she came back to the Lord. Should be she be rebaptized? And it's a slightly different question, but it's it's similar. And I would ask you, were you sincere the first time? such a beautiful attitude. So she said that that yes, she was sincere when she was first baptized, but she wants to make sure that everything is in order. And let me tell you, there's something that we do that requires us to have everything in order. And that is another ordinance, another thing that is symbolic and that is communion. Bible says to let a man examine himself. And we should do that. We should do it every day really. But that communion, that's why it's important that we take it. It's because it enforces us to say, "Lord, am I right in what I'm doing? Is this correct? Am I handling this these things in the right way? Have I backsliden?" And if you have, then you get right with God because you don't want to take that cup or eat that bread unworthily. You want to have your heart right. And sister, I'd say that if you have truly if you have truly given your heart to the Lord Jesus and you have backslid, then the angels are rejoicing that you've come back. Do you have to do you have to get rebaptized? No. Do you if you want to? Sure. But do you have to? Not Not from the scriptures that I see. No. Another question. anyone all the uh brother if you could come and the worship team could come and be sure there's no other questions. This baptism is a very important thing but like I said don't over complicate it. It's symbolic and it's it it is vitally important but it's also super simple. It's I go into the water to be washed. the word ba the the very word baptism it doesn't mean sprinkling it doesn't mean pouring the the definition of the word so when when someone I know the Catholics think that they they can change it but you can't it means what it means it means to be immersed in water and when you are immersed in water and you come out of that water it represents a death a burial and a resurrection in Christ. And when I baptize me personally, I love to baptize in those na in those three words, Lord Jesus Christ. As I read, there's many scriptures that give that precedence that that that Lord Jesus Christ is correct. No one was baptized that way in the Bible, but it means the same thing. It's a name. If you've ever heard brother Brandham baptize water baptism, one time he baptizes, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus. I baptize you in the the same sermon. I baptize you in the name of Jesus Christ. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. for him. Even in one sermon, it was it was different ways, but it was the same way because it was Jesus. And that is the main thing. You with me, brother Joe? Brother Joe, Brother Joe said that is warning that we have to be careful in I'm going to put words in your mouth and say judging someone else because they weren't baptized in the same manner that we are. And of course that's wrong. And let me give you an example of having that wrong kind of attitude. There was a man on the cross. Jesus was there and this man repented of his sins was not baptized. Wasn't baptized at all that we know of. There wasn't any baptizing in the name of Jesus Christ back then anyways. But he wherever Jesus went, that man that was on the cross went with him. So if we are going to judge someone else on their baptism, then we are wrong and we are in danger that Jesus in danger of breaking the commandment that Jesus said and judge not that you be not judged. So when if if someone is baptized in those titles, then I just pray pray that they've given their heart to the Lord Jesus and then let that work it out. But as far as this church, if someone asks me, then I will tell them that I believe and I can back it up with scripture most certainly that baptism in the name of Jesus Christ is the right way. But as far as someone else, Brother Joe, you are absolutely right. We cannot think we're any better than anyone else. And we cannot judge someone else. That's most certainly true. Amen. Anyone else over there? Have your way. Have your way. [Music] Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. [Music] As we wait [Music] and as we pray, [Music] speak your word into our hearts and have your way. [Music] Have your way. [Music] Have your way. [Music] Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. [Music] As we wait [Music] and as we pray, [Music] speak your word into our home and have your way. And and friends, I do want to solidify what I said in saying that the word teaches baptism. And the word teaches, I believe, baptism being fully immersed in water in the name of Jesus Christ. We can't change the word. And if someone asks me and said and says that, and I'll reiterate what I said to you, Brother Joe. If they truly ask me and they and they truly want to know, was I baptized right and they were baptized in the Trinitarian baptism, I would say, you know, it just doesn't line up with the word. As far as my understanding, and it's pretty plain how the disciples baptized that no And baptism is symbolic, but it's also real and it's also a commandment from God to do things in the way that the Bible says and we cannot change it. Sometimes it is hard to interpret when you see two different scriptures that don't seem to make sense. But I believe they do make sense when when you take into account that all power and all authority is is given unto me. I think that that does that does answer the question that that that name of Jesus is contains all the power of God and all the fullness of the godhead bodily. Let's bow our heads. Brother Aaron, would you close in prayer? Lord, it's it shows how much you care for us. You know, as humans, we we make mistakes. We have our own thoughts, Lord. But our heart's desire is first of all to please you and to obey, Lord. Father, but help us to have a spirit, Lord, that the spirit of Christ in us would reach out to others, not in a negative or a harsh way or but with love. And if they would see Christ in us, they would want that same Lord. to let us be a good testimony of Jesus Christ. Lord, as we go, Lord, may you watch over us and may your name be praised in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor. [Music] Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the higher. Lord, I lift my hand in worship. as I lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. God bless you, brothers and sisters. As always, if you have any questions, please get them to me and I'll do my best to answer them. If you think that the church should hear them, then write them out and I'll do my best to answer them. But this question on baptism is a very, very important question. But it is also a very very simple thing that we take on that name of baptism and it symbolizes a great work that's happening in our lives and let me tell you it also symbolizes a great great promise and that is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. God bless you. Pray that the Lord will be with you this Sunday if the Lord's willing. I will continue on.
