################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - The Beatitudes and the Christian Progression: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-21
Title:   The Beatitudes and the Christian Progression: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Rf8lhGGCLs
========================================

There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me life. That in three days [Music] he breathed again and rose to stand. man in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout and to proclaim, coming back for you. There is a blood that sides the blind [Music] that heals the sick and the lonely find. It has the power to free the bound [Music] as chains that fall upon the ground. So pour it out. So pour it out to cleanse my soul. And let its healing glory. And let it healing glory flow. Because he lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I owe my all. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's singing that again. So I come. Oh, and so I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back. Oh, what can wash Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing. Nothing. [Applause] What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Nothing. Let's sing that again. Walk and wash. Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing. Oh, nothing. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. There is a grave. There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood. that gave me life. But in three days, he breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Give the Lord a praise offering this morning. He's alive. He is worthy. Amen. Kiev. Anyone in Sunday school can head to Sunday school now. Let's just worship him this morning. He is worthy. He is worthy. Let's worship him in spirit and in truth this morning. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Let's tell him that one more time this morning with all our hearts. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and angels. All the saints and angels. [Music] bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh yes, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of it all. Oh, from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. Let's stand up and sing. All the saints and angels. [Music] All the saints and angels bow before your throne. [Music] All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God. Let's let's lift our hands and give him praise. You're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all, Lord. For from you are all things. Oh, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy. [Music] Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve Let's just sing that again. And you are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Lord, you deserve. You're worthy of it all. Sing that again. [Music] Oh, you are worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You are worthy of it all. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve. Let's sing it. Just our voices now loud for him to hear. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Let's sing that again. It sounds so good. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Praise the name of the Lord. He is worthy this morning. Amen. [Applause] If you just play, it's already done. The brothers want to come open the service in a word of prayer. Brother Aaron's going to open in prayer. It's already done. Kia G, what a wonderful atmosphere we have here this morning. I believe if you have anything you're in need of, all things are possible to them that believe. Let's sing this song as they get ready to pray. Make this a declaration of faith in your life. Whatever it is you need or whatever it is someone else needs. Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. [Music] Victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing that again. It's already done. Oh, yes, it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done because of what he did. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Can you sing? I'm already healed. Oh yes, I'm already healed because of what he did. Because of the price he paid. Oh, I'm already healed. Thank you, Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing. My family is sealed. Oh, my family is sealed. Thank you, Lord. My family is sealed. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Sing it's already done this morning. Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. Victory is one. It's already done. &gt;&gt; You may be seated for a moment. There'll be a reason for that. How many know it's already done? &gt;&gt; He said, "It is finished." Yes. &gt;&gt; And it was finished. &gt;&gt; Now, it's just us to accept it and believe it. So, I'm just going to ask you something. If you know God has healed you and you've had an experience with God, that all I can say that was God, I want you to stand up and you know it was God in your life. That's pretty well all of you. If there's some of you that maybe I know some of you can't sin but have never look around and see God is more than able and it's already done. You might say, "But I still feel this." Not only did he save you, he made you well. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you wonder if you're saved. If I was saved, I wouldn't act like that. I wouldn't do that. No, it's already done. &gt;&gt; All he asks you is to believe it and to confess it. &gt;&gt; I am healed. I am saved. I am well. I'm one of his. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's all my We have a few requests here. Our brother Paul Murray has sent in a request saying, "Brother Rome, he had gone to Ohio to for his sister's funeral. He's supposed to fly home Tuesday but is now fighting some sickness. So let's remember brother Roma and then sister Amelia says please pray for heaven myself. I've been going through um oppression and Eva has been having some anxiety attacks. The results of my bone density test show that I'm let's see I'm at risk for fractures. But Sister Amelia, it's already done. &gt;&gt; He's your healer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what we testify. Sister Becca Benzes. I had um surgery a couple of weeks ago. I'm still dealing with a lot of inflammation, tender tenderness. Uh having uh tooth pain is is getting me down. So please pray for the se serious infection in my foot. Amen. He suffered in every manner and way. His body was unrecognizable after he took every every sickness, every pain, every hurt. He didn't say, "Oops, I forgot that one." No, he met it all. From Sister Briquest, she says, "And she would like to be remembered in prayer. She has been having tests done and uh and had a biopsy done. She is trusting of the Lord that all is well. And that's our confession. We also had in a request turn in from brother Jordan. He says um a a prayer request for brother Peter Cam. He has serious need for healing in the body. and he says he uh received a call from Sister Barbara Surmers from Troy, Ohio, and she is a church on behalf of Brother Mike Twist, the pastor. Some of you may remember their church visiting here about 20 years ago with their choir. This brother is from their church. He now lives in Tucson for the climate for health reasons, but is going through some pretty bad something pretty bad. He said, "Brother Mike was asking if one of us or some of us could go and pray for him, but we'll we'll start right here for him &gt;&gt; and for every heart." So pray with the understanding that it's already done. &gt;&gt; Not begging him to do it, not pleading him to do it, but Lord, I'm taking you at your word. That's what pleases him. Let's bow our heads. Lord, we we begin to look at ourselves sometimes and we find ourselves, I'm so unworthy. I'm so But there's nothing in the in the scriptures that says you have to be worthy of healing, of salvation. No, it's already done. But you ask us just to thank you and praise you and give testimony of what you've done, Lord. And you've already saved. You've already made well. You've already cleaned. You've already forgiven. It's already done. When you cried, "It is finished." And today we accept it. We believe it. And we praise you for it, Lord. Lord. And as they take up the offering, Lord, let us be cheerful givers, Lord. And may it be to use for your honor and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can all have your seats. He came to me in key of B flat. This is a special song to me. Was one of my former pastor's favorite songs. Let's sing it this morning. Sing it like it was. Sing it about that event in your life that he came to me when I couldn't come to him. I couldn't I couldn't make it to God, but he came to me. Oh. Oh, he came in B flat. He came to me. He came to me when I could not come to where he was. He came to me [Music] and that's why he died. on Calary. [Music] Oh, and I could not come to where he was. He came to me. Oh yes, he came to me. Are you thankful for that? He came to me. Oh, and I could not come to where he was. He came to me. Oh, and that's why he died. [Music] on Calary. [Music] When I could not come to where he was, he came to me. One more time. Oh yes, he came to me. He came to me [Music] when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. Oh, and that's why he died. [Music] on Calary [Music] when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. [Music] Amen. And anytime he comes, something good happens. And I believe he's here this morning. His brother Daniel comes and sing in the key of D. Let's sing down from his glory. We sang this song at the at the end of Wednesday night's service. The atmosphere was so good. The atmosphere is good here this morning as brother Daniel comes. Sing this song together. Verse one. down from his glory. [Music] Ever liveing story. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own, a strangeanger. [Music] A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, [Music] my all in all. [Music] The great creator became my savior and all God's fullness [Music] dwell. Let's sing verse three. Without reluctance, without reluctance, [Music] flesh and blood, his substance. [Music] He took the form of man, revealed God's hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery, sacrifice of Calary. [Music] And now I know thou art the great I am. And oh how I love him. How I adore him. He's my breath, my sunshine, my all in it all. [Music] The great creatator became my savior and all God's fullness [Music] dwell. Let's stand and sing that one more time. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, [Music] my all in all the great creator. He became my savior [Music] and all God's fullness dwell in him. Let's bow our heads. Those words of that verse are about none other than our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and all God's fullness dwelleth in him. Almighty God, we thank you. Thank you, Lord, for the blood of Christ that has wiped away our sins, oh God, that has given us life, Father, and it's given us peace on earth. And we know that we have a redeemer and we have a savior. And oh, Father, our lives just are dedicated to knowing you better. Father, we pray that your blessings would pour upon pour out upon this service this morning. Lord, I pray that each person came that is here, I pray that there is something upon their heart that they have need of and and Lord, a question that needs to be answered, healing that needs to take take place, whatever it might be. Lord, we are all a needy people and I pray, Father, that that you would meet every need this morning. Lord, we ask that humbly ask that you would join us in Jesus name. Amen. Sister Lily, if you could keep playing, let's turn in our Bibles to Matthew chapter 5. While I still have you standing and we'll read the biatitudes. Matthew 5 1-12. It's beautiful that this song is playing in the background as we read the scriptures. Matthew 5 verse one speaking of our Lord Jesus. And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain. And when he was set, his disciples came unto him, and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness the sna's sake for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for mine for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Amen. Beautiful words. You can be seated. Thank you. Brother Josiah when he sang that song and I assume that you were talking about brother Biscll and uh as I sent out on the messages that brother Ed Biscll passed away a wonderful man and a great warrior of the faith. And all that I have known from Ed Bisll has been that that he was a gentleman. He loved the Lord and um he uh it was it was expected. Brother Eisll was well stricken in in years and it's nice that that he is now with the one that he served his whole life and there are many missing today. There's quite a few missing and um quite a few told me that they're going up to Charlie Kirk's memorial service up in Phoenix. So pray that hand of God would be upon each one upon those services up there. Uh for review, uh I I ministered last week to try to lay a foundation on this great sermon called the sermon on the mount. Jesus had there was a time of silence in his life from 12 years old to about 30 years old. And Jesus the the story picks up in the gospels and Jesus was baptized by John and he went into the wilderness to be tempted of Satan. He was led into the wilderness to be tempted of Satan. Now, now Jesus had already been through the teenage years. He'd already been through adolescence. He's already been through really what is most of the time the hardest time in a human being's walk with the Lord is that time from about 13 up until you're probably into your late teens and time that until you get married or that time is when it's it's a time of temptation. Now temptation never stops. It's it's for our whole lives. But that is when it seems like the enemy steps into someone's life and really wants to destroy them. And they can make mistakes when you're young that will be with you for the rest of your life. And this Jesus Christ, he wasn't called the Christ back then. He was he was just Jesus, the the son of um this carpenter. And he went through this adolescent years. He went through his teen years. He went through his 20s. And he never sinned. He was tempted in every manner of sin as we are, but yet he never fell to sin. And he went into the wilderness. So that was he needed to be tempted a little bit higher. So he went into the wilderness. He fasted for 40 days. He was weak. And then he met Satan himself. And in what form, we don't know. But Satan tempted him even beyond what he was tempted before. And yet Jesus overcame. Then Jesus came out of the wilderness and he started preaching. And he started preaching repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. And then his really his ministry started. And his ministry has affected all of us here. Whether you're a Christian or not, the ministry of Jesus Christ has affected you. I was talking with Sister Shirley before service and we were talking I was telling Sister Shirley that our lives our personal lives they really don't mean anything. just serving ourselves and how how successful we are in life. Whatever we heap for ourselves as far as as money or as far as a legacy or any of that, it really doesn't matter. Our lives really are meaningless. But yet what we do in our lives are so meaningful. Meaningful without measure. What we do with the lives that God has given us. I look back at Justin there. baptized him last week and and the testimony that you gave about how the Lord has been dealing with you and how you how you've just really fell in love it seems like with the word of God and Justin told me we went out to lunch after service told me he says he says brother he says I want to go back and I want to lead my family to the Lord and I thought that's a Christian that's what happens in a Christian's life is You feel you get this repentance. You get this this change in life and now you don't want to hold it to yourself. Now you want to go and give it to someone else. You want to see your loved ones. You want to see other people have the same joy that you have. And that is it's perfect of what happens to a Christian. And here is Jesus. He come out of the wilderness and he he starts preaching repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. He starts preaching Christianity. He starts preaching how you need to give your life over to God and you need to stop serving yourself. And then he goes and he preaches this masterpiece called the sermon on the mount. The first recorded sermon we have. But so often you might hear from the pulpit, you just need to you need to give your heart to the Lord. Or you might hear from your parents or you might hear from your friends. You might say, you might hear people say, well, you need to become a Christian. You need to give your heart to the Lord. But the question that that is so often, it's like, how do I do it? Well, what do I do? And it's kind of a hard question to answer. Well, you just surrender your life to him. Well, how do I surrender my life to him? It's a good question to ask. And can you answer that? If you were witnessing to someone and trying to lead someone to the Lord and they said, "Well, how do I do it?" Would you know the answer to give? Jesus starts his ministry. The very first things we have recorded from Jesus Christ. He tells us how to do it. We we call them the biatitudes. The biatitudes means the blessings. Jesus starts the whole ministry, the whole thing. He starts telling us how to become a believer. Beautiful. Wonderful. He lays a foundation and it becomes it goes into as I said before the greatest sermon that has ever come out of the mouth of a human being from that time to from from the beginning of time to that time and to this time. There has never been such beautiful words come out of the mouth of a human being in my opinion as this sermon on the mount. I mean, tremendous, tremendous things, saying things that people had never heard before. And we are getting into this series and we are going to go through, we're going to read every word that he said in this masterpiece called the sermon on the mountain. And it starts with the biatitudes. He goes up. I'm sure brother Lyall has been there many times. I've been there where Jesus preached this sermon. We we think sermon on the mountain. We're live in Arizona and we have big mountains. It was more of a hill. Am I right, brother brother Lyall? It wasn't really a mountain. It was just it was a place that people could sit down and Jesus was up in a higher place. And he starts with these words and I love the way it says and he opened his mouth. Of course you open your mouth. We all open our mouth when we talk. It just it's kind of what you do. But with Jesus, I really believe he was so surrendered to God, he just opened his mouth and it just came out. Just the words of the father just flowed right through him. So let's go through what he said in this masterpiece called the sermon on the mount. It starts with the biatitudes. And as I said before, the the biatitudes really just means it means the blessings. The first several biatitudes deal with the condition of the heart. And then the second part pertains to a relationship with God. And then the final grouping is how we apply these blessings to others. Matthew chapter 5, we'll go back to what I just read. Matthew chapter 5 verse one. And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain. And he was when he was set when he sat down his disciples came to him and he opened his mouth and he taught them saying remember this is the first Christian sermon that we have recorded and this is going to tell us how a Christian becomes a Christian. We're going to go through line by line and you're going to be blessed. It's beautiful. Remember in your Bibles it's in red. the words in red. Jesus is special. He gets his own color and it just happens to be blood red. And it's so when you open your Bible for for you young people and you need new people, when you open up when you open up the book, if it's in red, it's none other than Jesus Christ speaking. and he opened his mouth and he taught them saying, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." Now, here's the foundation of becoming a Christian. Here's the foundation of becoming a believer. This word poor in the original Greek, it doesn't mean that you just don't have a lot of money, that maybe you can't make your bills, you can't maybe that uh that you don't have as much as you want. This word poor in the Greek, it doesn't mean that. It means that you are destitute. It means that you are without anything. It means that you are in a tough position. And it also means it means that you are destitute in your own spirit. Blessed are the destitute in spirit. We hear so often, remember this is the progression of a Christian. We hear people say, "Well, I'm a good person." No, you're not. I hate to break it to you. But you're not. People say, "Well, you know, I have a relationship with God and and I'm I'm I'm I'm good, you know, but I have some faults." The the fact is that there is none of us that are good. And to to become a Christian, to become a believer, you have to realize that you're not all that. In fact, you're nothing. That's the very first part that you have to have to understand that you can't do anything in yourself. You need to realize that you need saving. I said last week I said that, you know, we hear so much about the unpardonable sin. The Bible doesn't talk about an unpardonable sin, but we hear about an unpardonable sin. And I said last week, and I really I want to double down on that, that really the unpardonable sin is someone that will not repent of their sins. and will not ask for forgiveness. How can I forgive you if you don't ask me for forgiveness? So you you some people say it's suicide, some people say it's this, some people say it's that. But if you don't want forgiveness, if you are not truly willing to humble yourself be for to God, then how can you be forgiven? As I said, you hear I'm a good person. We're not. That's the foundation. There's a whole lot. There's a bunch more that we're going to get to, but that's the foundation is you have to realize you are not. You have to realize that you are a flawed human being that needs help. 1 Corinthians chapter 6. You can't do anything in yourself. 1 Corinthians chapter 6 verse 9. It's it's just beautiful. I'm going to read the New King James when I we'll read the Old King James with the biatitudes and the New King James when I go to the when I go to the the side scriptures. 1 Corinthians chapter 6:9 says this. The Apostle Paul speaking, he says, "Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God?" "Do not be deceived. Neither fornicators, nor idolattors, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkers, nor revelers, nor extortioners will inherit the kingdom of of God. Now listen to this. Listen to this next sentence. As such were some of you, but you were washed, but you were sanctified, but you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus by the spirit of our God. You needed help. Ephesians chapter 2 verse 12. Listen to this. This even goes a little further. This is beautiful. Ephesians 2:12 says this, "That at any that that at that time you were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world." Friends, this is the foundation. We have to realize that that is where we are at before we can become a believer. But now in Christ Jesus, you who were once far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. So what is the condition that you must come to before you can even become a Christian? It can't be I'm a good person. You are not. And that's where legalism fails. You can't say I'm better than anyone else. It's it's you. It's not through your works. We have to understand how bad we are first. That's the first beatitude. That's the first step that Jesus is laying out here. And if there is no understanding of the need of remission of sins, then there cannot be a Christian. And Jesus is saying here, blessed are the destitute in spirit. Blessed are the poor in spirit. Verse number four, back to Matthew chapter 5. Verse number four, blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. I always thought this was like mourn for a loss. Mourn for a a lost loved one. I I always thought it was that and I would pick it out, you know, and sometimes I would read it during a funeral and and it is for that. But if you look at the context of this, that's not what the Lord Jesus is talking about. The Amplified Bible says, "Blessed are they that mourn over their sins and repent, for they will be comforted when the burden of sin is lifted." So this mourning is mourning over our past. It's mourning over our mistakes. It's mourning over the things that we've done to maybe ruin our careers or ruin us financially or ruin a relationship or cause embarrassment or cause problems that that grieved God. the the mistakes that we made. We mourn over those and we we say, "Lord, I'm sorry. Lord, I messed up. Lord, I sinned. Blessed are they that mourn on your knees. I was I was just on the on my knees in the back before I came out here mourning. Lord, I'm sorry because I did this and this and this wrong just very this this very morning. Lord, I'm sorry. I'm mourning my sins. Lord, forgive me. And that is part of this Christian progression. If you think that you're a good person to begin with, this is going to be a hard-fought battle with God for God to get to you. Verse number five, blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. What is meekness? It's humility. The New Living Translation said, "Blessed are those who are humble." The Amplified version. So, we're moving now. We realize how bad we are. And it produces humility in us. It produces a change. The amplified says, "Blessed are the gentle, the kind-hearted, the sweet spirited, the self-controlled." So once you realize that you have nothing in yourself and only God can fill that void, then blessed are the poor in spirit. Then you truly regret what you used to be. And friends, that's part of it. You feel bad for the sins that you've done. You feel bad for the things that you've done. That's part of being a Christian. You must go through that. Don't let it stay forever. Don't don't constantly dwell on your past sins. But there is a time to mourn. And then after you've done that, then you are humbled by these things and you realize that you're no better than anyone else. Romans chapter 12 says this, "For I say through the through the grace given to me to everyone who is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly as God has dealt to each measure and measure of faith." The Apostle Paul is warning us, and I'm sure Paul read this sermon. You look at all the disciples, you look at all the apostles, you look at all of the New Testament, they are regurgitating what Jesus said. So you can you can stop and you can you you you're humbled and and you're you're you're saying, "Lord, I need a closer walk with you." And then you realize that the world actually isn't here to serve you. It's the other way around. You come into church and I hear people so often they say, you know, I want a church that that the people dress this way or I want a church that the the music is contemporary or I want a church that the music is traditional or I want a church that uh baptizes in this way or I want a church that the the people act in a certain way or some people say I want a big church. Other people say, "I want a little church. I want an intimate church." But what what we shouldn't be say we shouldn't be saying that. What we should be doing is we should be saying, "I want a church where I can serve. Not where everybody can serve me." &gt;&gt; You don't come to this church, friends. You will be served. But you don't come to church to get served. &gt;&gt; I I've said it before. People say, "I want I want a church that I can go to be fed." Go to a church where you can feed others and I promise you, you'll get fed. Go to a church where you can contribute. Go to a church where you can help. Then you realize you become more meek when you're willing to serve other people because now you're constantly thinking about yourself. What you were doing, you were con constantly thinking about yourself, but now you start to think about other people. And the same thing in a relationship. When you're in a relationship and you're constantly thinking about yourself in the relationship and how your spouse or your boyfriend or your girlfriend or brother or sister, whatever it is, how your how they have done you wrong. What you need to be thinking is how I can serve this other person better. That's the best way. And it be and it does it it produces a humility. And we see these, we always see these self-help books and and many ministers, many many churches will teach, well, you need to love yourself before you can love others. That's a lie. That's false. Love others first. Hate yourself. Don't worry about yourself. Love others. Well, I need to I need to serve myself first. I need to make myself happy before I can make someone else happy. No. You know what that does? It produces depression. It produces anxiety. It produces relationship problems. It produces problems in your life. And you will be depressed for your whole life when you're serving yourself. All of us know. All of us know people who are all about themselves. And we know that they are the most depressed problem people that you'll ever meet. &gt;&gt; And it's because they're thinking about themselves. But those dear people that are always thinking about the other person, you notice how happy they are. You notice how that that they just have a spirit that you want to be around, it's because that is a Christian spirit. That is that is what it is. And and when you say everyone else here, when you truly come in and say everyone else here in this building right now, Tucson Tabernacle, Sunday morning, everyone else here is more important than I am. If you really have that way of thinking, that's meekness. It's not saying, "Brother, I'm nothing. You know, I'm not important." No, no. That a lot of time, that's actually bragging. What you're trying to do is you're trying to pre you're trying to project a humility. That's that's not that's not right either. I'll tell so one of Daniel's friends got married a couple years ago and his brother was the best man and his brother was giving a speech and man the kid gave a really neat speech and and he was talking about how uh he was the one that was always taking risks and his brother that got married, you know, he was always the more mature one and and the speech was a little bit glorifying himself over his brother who was the groom and and and the uh The wedding was more about him, but the best man was basically kind of talking about himself and how oh his his brother has always been the immature one. And then he just at the end he just says, you know what, he says, I'm proud of my humbleness. We don't we're not proud of our humbleness. True humbleness, true humility is really lowering yourself to someone else and lowering yourself to below someone else. Brother Lyle and I had um had coffee the other day and he was telling me about a men's group that he used to be part of and they used to fellowship and they started coming together and they they just formed like a Bible study and it it what it did is is they got closer and as they got closer with each other it produced an accountability between these men. And as they were talking to each other and as they were fellowshipping and as they started to get each other's trust, then it led to starting to say, "You know what? I I have a problem with this." And then the other brothers would help that brother. And then this one would say, "You know what? I'm I'm struggling with this or I'm struggling with that." And it this humility that that fellowship produced brought these brothers down to the fact that they could confess their faults one to another as the Bible says. And then that allowed to pray one for another as the Bible says. And it produced really a close-knit group of brothers. And really, that's one of the main reasons that we are here as a church this morning. We come here, as I said, to serve other people. But there's also a meekness in our hearts that we know that there are things in our lives that need to change. So, we come to church and we want correction. Don't look at Don't We're not looking at everyone else. We want correction ourselves. And that is part of the Christian progression. Do you see this this morning? Do you see yourself when you came? It's like, Lord, I I want to I want correction. I want to repent. I want to be better. And that is this meekness. That is this humility that's it's speaking of here in the biatitudes. Verse number six, blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. So we go through this these first steps. It's admitting you're wrong. It's it's humility. It's it's mourning over your past sins. And then it produces in your life, it produces this this hunger and thirst after God. There's many places like in the Psalms, it says as the deer as the deer thirsts for the waterbrook. And then there's other places it says that that they're hungering. Well, here Jesus says it's both. It's hunger and thirst. It's double the desire to be right. And they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. You hunger and thirst after what God wants you to be rather than what you are. Jesus makes this statement a little bit later in the in the sermon on the mount, which we'll get to in the in the coming weeks. He says, "Be ye perfect as your father which is in heaven is perfect." How can you be perfect? Right here, hunger and thirst after righteousness. How can we be righteous? It's saying, Jesus is saying that you hunger and thirst after a right relationship with God. You can't be perfect, but you can be perfect in resting in Christ because he was perfect. So, you're hungering and thirsting after this relationship with God. And that is that is what it's all about right there. Now, we're really getting into the meat in this. This is all producing all of the humility and all of the repentance and all this. It's really producing a relationship that is the ultimate that you want this relationship with God. So this this righteousness that's in Matthew 5 and in other play places in the Bible, it is a right relationship with God. That's everything. That's the whole purpose of it. When God created the heavens and the earth, he made it for his children. He gave it to them. He said, "Here, this is yours." He wanted a relationship with his child. And then when we start to feel that pull, when we start to want to get closer to God, then we start desiring that relationship with him. David said in the psalm, it's a deep calling to the deep. It's God calling out to his children and then his children starting to call out to God, desiring that right relationship with their Lord and with their savior. Many times the devil tries to trick us. So when we come to that point, he tries to trick us into thinking that we need something more than Christ. something different. Friends, we talk about the meat in the sandwich. Paul said, "I've fed you with milk because you weren't able to take the meat." When we take the meat in the sandwich, that is that relationship with Christ. That's the deepest most wonderful thing in the entire Bible. The the whole Bible is written as a as a book of relationship between God and the and the individual. And that is everything. If we just have this relationship with him. 2 Corinthians chapter 5. Listen to this. Verse 20. 2 Corinthians 5:20. Now then, we are ambass ambassadors for Christ. As though God were pleading through us. We implore you on Christ's behalf. Be reconciled to God. For he made him who knew no sin to be sin for us. that we might become the righteousness of God in him. It's not our righteousness. We hunger and thirst after righteousness, but not for our own. We hunger and thirst for that relationship with God, with Christ. That is everything. And that is this progression. So, we have this repentance. We have this feeling bad all the way now to where's this deep hunger. I want to get closer to him. Now, I know how bad of a person I am. And now I'm starting to get a little taste of how great he is. I want to just be closer to him. You've you've realized now you've given your heart to the Lord. Now you're a Christian. Now you've been baptized. Now you realize what's happened. You realize that someone else paid your debt of sin. And now you are hungering and thirsting after a right relationship with God. &gt;&gt; And then we become the righteousness of God in him. in Christ. The Bible says there are none righteous, not one. But do you understand? It's because he is righteous &gt;&gt; and we want to be part of him. Now listen to this verse number seven. Now we are moving past we've given our hearts to the Lord. We've made this commitment. Now we have this burning desire by the way that never leaves this hungering and thirst thirsting after righteousness. People are always saying, "Oh, well, it's when I receive the Holy Spirit and and they look for the Holy Spirit." When you receive the Holy Spirit, it becomes stronger. When you finally receive that that spirit of Christ living in you, then it's just even I mean that pull that thirst and that hunger is far more because you got a little taste of it. And man, it's like eating your favorite food. You don't want just a sliver. You've tasted it. Say, "Man, that was good. I want some more. I want more." And I want more. And with with Jesus, you don't get filled up. Just more and more. Blessed are the merciful. Verse number seven, Matthew 5. For they shall obtain mercy. So, we understand we're sinners. We understand that we have received mercy. Now, God's mercy, we we want that for ourselves. We've understood we're sinners and now we give that mercy to other people. When we truly understand that mercy is deserving a penalty but not receiving that penalty, it's reserving punishment but not receiving that punishment. And we truly understand that we have received mercy. Now we treat others as the Lord has treat treated us. Blessed are the merciful, for you shall receive mercy. Let me give you an example. This happened to me a couple days ago. I was coming home and I saw on uh on Apple Maps that I 10 was really crowded and uh so instead of going over the freeway and shooting north, I um decided to I I went down to Oracle. So, I took a left on Miracle Mile and I was going to take um the road that turns into uh Lockinata. I was going to take that all the way up by my house. So, I'm driving along and I got to take a right and I see and there's a stop light and I was like, "Okay, I'll turn right right here." I flip on my blinker and I'm I'm uh I I start to slow down and there was this vehicle behind me and it was like a like a 75 Omobile. really cool looking car. So, I was kind of keeping an eye on it and I was like, "Yeah." You know, and I was looking in the mirror and it was just really a cherry car. And so, I'm I'm going along and and I flip on my blinker and I'm going to turn right and I look and I was like, "Oh, this isn't where I need to turn." So, I flip off my blinker and I just keep going. Well, it made the guy in the Omobile mad. So, he's behind me and he's he's gonna turn right and we're cruising along. It probably cost him maybe a second and a half maybe. But the fact is I was I would made a mistake. I was I had my blinker on and then I changed my mind. So he's behind me, gets up behind me and he turns right and as he's turning he honks. I was like whatever, man. You know, I want to give you that last little insult because you made a mistake and you made me mad because you were so low as to make this mistake, have your blinker on and slow down in front of me. If I would have turned, everything would have been fine. But I changed my mind. I turned the blinker off and I headed forward. I made a simple mistake. And as he was turning, Honk, I'm gonna get in this last little word. Come on, man. Cut me some slack. Give me some mercy. I made a mistake. It's okay. And that's how we should be with others. It's a mistake. It's all right. If it costs you a little bit, if it puts you out a little bit, be merciful. This is everyday stuff. We should be merciful in everyday stuff because if we are not merciful, the Bible says that we will not obtain mercy and it's in everything. We can't just be a Christian in church. It's it's everywhere we are. And that guy with his horn, I'm going to get this this little this little bit in. Don't we don't do that. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Now we see in our progression now we are Christians. There's no malice. There's no hatred. There's no impatience. They know this Christian knows how bad he is. He knows what Jesus has done for him. They make plenty of mistakes and there and there's plenty of mistakes in all of us. But we repent for our mistakes and you're pure in heart. So you can go before the Lord after you sin and you will. And you can go before the Lord and you say, "Lord, I'm sorry, Lord. You know my heart. I sinned. I knew better. I did it. But you know, Lord, ultimately I want to serve you and I'm going to put you first." Then being pure in heart leads to this next verse. Blessed are the peacemakers. For they shall be called the children of God. This is where our faith is displayed. The guy honking at me. It's not a big deal, you know. It's it's it's just criticism. It's like, okay, if somebody honks at you, don't honk back. Just keep going. If somebody makes a mistake, just let it go and bring peace. Wherever you go, let peace follow you. When someone starts saying something negative, don't go into it. Don't correct them and lift yourself up, but just do your best to sway the conversation to something positive and be that peacemaker. When someone puts you down, don't fight with them. Don't get defensive. Pay a compliment to that person maybe who's putting you down and share your testimony. You know, the world needs us. Really, we were put in this world, as I said, to serve other people. Tell the world what Jesus has done for you and use these biatitudes. We'll we'll read them entirely here in a minute, but use these biatitudes in your witnessing. And then what's going to happen? It'll be a great blessing to you, but to those that you are witnessing to, imagine it could mean eternal life to that person if you are representing God in a in the right way. Blessed are they. And then once you've come to that point, the opposition arises when you stand for Christ. Now listen to this. You become a Christian. You've given your heart to the Lord. You realize how bad you are. You you've repented. You've started doing right. The the Lord is using you. And you're standing up for Jesus Christ. And this is all about Jesus. Everything's about Jesus. The whole Bible is about one man. It's about Jesus. And you start witnessing about him. You start standing for him in everything that you do. And many times you have to stand against the society that you are in. It might be a church society, may be a Catholic society, it may be a political society, it may be an ungodly society, it may be a work society. Whatever it is, you start standing for Christ and you start being that peacemaker and you start loving the Lord and you start you start witnessing to others and you start telling others about your testimony. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. If you truly stand, if you truly stand for Christ, you will be persecuted. Not if you bring it on yourself, not if you are unwise in your words, but if you truly stand, you will be hated. Look at Charlie Kirk. People are protesting vigils in his honor. Do you see the man? They're going out there that this man goes through and he kicks over the candles and tears down the stuff that that they had that they had that they were worshiping with the people and paying paying respects to this man, Charlie Kirk. And this hatred came out in the people. They start cussing and yelling and and kicking over the stuff and desecrating this man's not because they hate the people that are doing it, but they And not even because they hate Charlie Kirk. They hate what he stood for. &gt;&gt; They hate Jesus. They hate right things. &gt;&gt; And G and he says right here that you will suffer. If you truly stand for me, you will suffer. Abortion protesters, people protesting abortion are hated. cussed out on the streets. And these crazies that are that do that to them, they don't hate the person, they hate that person's ideals. They don't even know why they're doing it. It's just this anger that comes up. You know, you hear people call the president of the United States a fascist, calling him a racist, calling him these things, calling Charlie Kirk a fascist, calling Charlie Kirk a racist, calling Charlie Charlie Kirk a homophobe. They don't know Char, they don't know them. They hate what they stand for. &gt;&gt; You know, ultimately, they hate God. And Jesus is saying here, they hate me. And you will suffer for that because those are your ideals. That's what you stand for. It's not you. It's me that they hate. And why the hatred? They really hate this Christian living. They hate it. John chapter 15. There's never been a man more hated in all the history of the world. Never than Jesus Christ. He is the most hated person that has ever lived. And he is the only person that's ever lived that really mattered. And because he mattered, I mattered to him. &gt;&gt; He put me above everything. He took the lowest to help me. First uh John chapter 15 verse 18, listen to what Jesus says. He says, "If the world hates you, you know that it hated me before it hated you. If you were of the world, the world would love its own. Yet, because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you. Remember the word that I said to you, a servant is not greater than his master. If they persecuted me, they will also persecute persecute you. If they kept my word, they will keep yours also." But all these things they will do to you for my name's sake because they do not know him who sent me. If I had not come and spoken to them, they would have no sin. But now they have no excuse for their the for their sin. He who hates me hates my father also. You have to go through Jesus Christ. Friends, you cannot get around Jesus and go to God. If you do not accept Jesus, then you cannot accept God. If you hate what Jesus is Jesus stands for, guess what? You hate the creator. If I had not done among them the works which no one else did, they would have no they would have no sin. But now they have seen and also hated both me and my father. But this happened that the word might be fulfilled which is written in their law. They hated me without a cause. I've heard many stories from many of you that were with people. They got the notice that Charlie Kirk was murdered and they rejoiced. Yes, Charlie Kirk just got killed. They didn't know him, but they hate the God he stands for. They hate the humility. They hate the the the the purity of God and they will rejoice. They rejoice at Jesus's death. Also, John chapter 16 verse two, they will put you out of the synagogues. Yes, the time is coming that whoever kills you will think that he offers God a service. Wow. Rejoicing. I saw this video somebody sent me of of um I think it was a nurse and she was talking to her daughters and my one of my favorite people in the whole world Taylor Swift was got engaged and and she was telling her daughter she says she says the best thing happened one of mommy's favorite things that has that could happen happened and the girl said Donald Trump got killed little girl. And that's what they're teaching their children. Someone would be murdered. Rejoice right here that whoever kills you will think that he offers God a service. I I feel the the danger that these people face. they faced that co-workers and as I said many of you have told me the same thing same testimony that people rejoiced at the murder of this man and just because maybe a man's against or a woman's against murdering unborn babies they hate them or just because they're they don't agree with using pronouns that don't match the gender, that hate. We've seen that. I've seen it. That hate comes out or that they're they're using they rather than he or she. And if you don't conform to it, that hatred comes out. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's they want to kill you. They want you to die. And I'm sure all of you have seen them on YouTube and their ridiculousness. They celebrate the murder of someone says it's unnatural and the Bible speaks against a man to have a relationship with another man or woman with a woman. So they re rejoice over his murder. Verse number 21. But but all these things they will do to you for my name's sake because they do not know him that sent me. these biatitudes, friends, it starts with just this foundation. Here's where you start. Read it again. Read it in your own time. Here's where you start. You start with with you realize that you're not all that. And then it progresses all the way to people will hate you because you live a life that is consecrated and dedicated to this one man, Jesus Christ. And that is the progression. And I don't know where any of us are. All of us are at different stages of this, but it is Jesus lays it out here perfectly. Here's the way that you become a believer. Now, in closing, the um the musicians can come. Let me read I want to read the ten commandments uh really quickly, and I want you to see what most of these commandments have in common. Thou shalt have thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make for yourself a carved image. Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord your God in vain. Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Honor your father and your mother. Thou shalt not murder. Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness against your neighbor. Thou shalt not covet. Thou shalt not Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Okay. Now, watch the difference in spirit when Jesus Christ comes into your life. Watch the difference in spirit from the Old Testament to the New Testament. No, no, no, no, no. Rules, rules, rules, rules, rules. Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Now watch these biatitudes again. And he opened his mouth and he taught them. Verse number two, chapter 5, verse two, Matthew. Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. When you're convicted of your sins and you realize that you're hopeless, in a hopeless condition without God, then you realize you have a promise in the kingdom of heaven. &gt;&gt; You have a place in the kingdom of heaven in joy. And the joy replaces that original poor in spirit. Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. Look at the hope that is in Jesus Christ. Before there wasn't hope. There was no hope in the world. But when Jesus came, it's not thou shalt not anymore. Look at how it becomes positive. Thou shalt. Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall look at be filled. Look at all the promises. Look at all the promises that are with Jesus Christ. There the promises weren't there before. But when this man stepped stepped on the scene, it's like, "Whatever you've done, what whatever sin you committed, I'll take it on myself, and you shall have peace. You shall have love." Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. And my computer locked up, so we'll just keep going the oldfashioned way. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my my name's sake, for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven. for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Oh, it's so positive. It's so good. And it's like stand for me. You know, I don't know if back to Charlie Kirk, what a what a man. And look at what has resulted from him. It was love. It was praise. his his widow stood there and she was just doing nothing but talking about Jesus and and thanking the Lord for his his life and saying we are going to carry on. I think about brother Biscll and and all that in in all of his years and his long life blessed are you brother Ed blessed are all the things that you've done and now enter into the kingdom. Friends, I want to be among those. I want to be among those who follow these words of Jesus. I want to be the peacemaker. I want to be the merciful. I want to be I want to be Lord. I want to have this right relationship with you. It's everything to me, Lord. I just want to have that relationship with you. Please, Lord, that's everything. If I fail in everything that I do, if if I just mess everything up, but Lord, just let me have that relationship, that right relationship. Lord, I am blessed just to hunger and thirst after that righteousness. I am blessed to want it. I'm just Lord, it's everything to me. And then there's no more thou thou shalt not. Now it's and thou shalt be filled. &gt;&gt; Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness. We're blessed just to hunger and thirst after it. But we also have a promise that we shall be filled. Amen. Blessed are the merciful. Don't give the honk. Just be merciful. Just be loving. Be loving one to another. Was telling Josiah was reading to me a scripture. He didn't tell me where it was from. And I said there's only one person that could write such words and that was that was John. John was all about love. He was all about being merciful. He was all about getting along with each other. The beloved disciple, the most important thing to him was love one another. Don't fight. And then Jesus said, "And by your love for one another, the whole world will know that I am the Messiah because of the example that you set." friends, the example that we need to set in this church. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm no longer a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. God, [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm no longer a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; I'm going to I'm going to interject for a minute. Do you know what the opposite of fear is? It's not it's not courage. The opposite of fear is love. The Bible very plainly says that love casts out fear. So as you're singing this song, as our brother is singing the song, think about that. Think about the love of Jesus Christ and how we do not have to fear anymore because he went to the cross. You know who he went to the cross for? He went to the cross for the person sitting in your chair right now. It's an individual thing. I think Lord, you went you did that for me. If I was the only one that ever accepted Jesus Christ as my savior, he would have gone to the cross for me. I believe that that was this man's testimony that wrote that song. He said, "If it would have just been me, he would have done it." You unravel me with a meloy and you surround me with a song of deliverance from my eneies till all my Fears are gone and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I've been born again into your family. Oh, your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to peace. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child. Sing that again. I'm no longer &gt;&gt; and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; I think we canled on the one baptism. Is there anyone that wants to be baptized this morning? I always want to make it open friends on these biatitudes and on this sermon on the mount in this progression as a believer when I was talking about how they hate I mean the Bible says it's it's above my pay grade this is what the Bible says that they will hate you for what you believe they will hate you for the ideals. They will hate you for standing up against them. It's in the word. Now, we don't do it half-hazardly. And we don't disrespect the person that hates us. A real Christian would go to the cross for that person that hated them. That's a Christian. You don't get into an argument just to get into an argument. You don't put somebody down because they have different ideals. Then you're falling into the same trap as they are. What you do is you say, "Lord, have mercy on that person." Let me quote someone. Father, forgive them for what they do. Forgive them, Lord, for they know not what they do. Jesus hanging on the cross for the people that hated him so much so that they murdered him. And I thank God that we still have martyrs in the world today that God has given gifts and they can take those gifts and they can make us stand and say, "No, I don't care which direction the world's going. I don't care what politics says. The Bible says differently." And I will stand on what the Bible says, no matter if it cost me my life. It might cost me my career. It might cost me my position. It might cost me my position as a pastor, but I stand upon this word. &gt;&gt; I stand upon what it says. And no, I don't want to water it down and say it's okay just because of the time that we live in. No, no, no. If it's written in here, it's true. &gt;&gt; And my opinions and your opinions don't matter. &gt;&gt; What matters is in this book. Let's all stand one more time on that song. You know that song is beautiful. Love casts out fear. And it was the love for me that God gave his life. God sent his son to go to the cross. And he willingly gave his life. And even more of a miracle that he willingly gave his life. He lived a sinless life. He lived a life with all the temptations of the world and never fell to one of them. Ah, it just makes me want to lift him up and say, &gt;&gt; "He's my champion. The one that died on that cross is my champion. He's the one that I point to and people will hate you. They killed this man. They're celebrating his funeral today. They killed him not because they knew him or they hated him. They hated what he stood for. Jesus said it's a prophecy fulfilled. Jesus said it'll happen. There's many martyrs through the ages. And he was a martyr Messiah. Yeah. One more time. &gt;&gt; I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] Oh, I am a child of God. Let's sing. You split the sea. &gt;&gt; You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say I am a child. Let's sing that again. You split the sea. &gt;&gt; You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child of God. I'm no longer and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. How many here want that right relationship with God? &gt;&gt; I raise my hand. Lord, if I could have anything in the world, anything in the world, Lord, I want that relationship. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Lord, I believe it pleased you. feel, Father, that you were pleased when you saw those hands go up, Lord. We appreciate your healing. We appreciate, Lord, you providing for us. We appreciate you putting food on the table. We appreciate, Father, you you giving us an income. We we appreciate, Lord, our our families. And we appreciate all of these things. But Lord, if you would just give us one thing, it would be to have that relationship with you, oh God. dear God, that we could we could speak with you, our our savior, oh God, and that you would give us the correction that we so desire. And and Father, that your hand would just be upon us. Lord, I pray to you in the name of Jesus Christ that you give us that right relationship, that you give us that righteousness as Jesus spoke of. For we hunger, Lord, after it, Father, go with us today. May we draw closer. I pray that as we leave this building, we would leave better people closer to you. I love you, Lord. Thank you, Father. I pray that your blessings would rest upon Cloverdale Church. [Music] Lord, I I know he hasn't been ministering for a long time, but he's still a loss. Pray that your hand would be upon each one of them and each one of those that mourn the death of this martyr, Charlie Kirk. We pray for each one of those. And Father, as they that the safety, this hand of God would be upon all those that are up there now in Phoenix and celebrating his life. And Lord, that your hand of safety and protection would be upon each one of them, Lord, from the the harm of the enemy that would want to hurt them, Lord, on the roads, wherever they may be. May your hand be upon each one and be upon us, Lord, and this congregation. Bless us father. Bless us with a closer walk with you. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Tonight friends we have and have our testimony service. So come ready to give the Lord glory with um something that's happened in your life over the past month or so since last time we had these testimony. And I was telling brother Josiah, I said, if nobody has a testimony, I I I could take the whole service with what he's done in my life just in the past month and what I've seen. So please, please come and let's let's give him a little bit of glory in thanksgiving &gt;&gt; tonight. &gt;&gt; And I believe that we'll get we'll get closer to him and giving him glory. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed. The Lord bless you and keep you, make his face shine upon you, be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and gave you peace. Let's sing that again. &gt;&gt; Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you, Lord. Turn his face toward you and give. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that again. May the Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you, make his face shine upon you, be gracious to you. Lord, turn his face toward you and give you peace. We sing amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Daniel was talking about old songs and new songs. I don't know of a song older than this that we sing in this church. This was written by Moses. It's one of the oldest songs we could possibly sing. &gt;&gt; Let's sing. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Let's sing. May his favor. Let's put that verse up there. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations, your family, your children and their children. And let's sing that again. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children. May his presence May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He sing that again. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you. All around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you. In the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your going, you're weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. Let's sing. Amen. Oh. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. As you greet one another, let's sing these words. Lord bless
