################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - Once Saved Always Saved Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   Once Saved Always Saved? Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59IoC9wzWJE
========================================

Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Yes, I'm washed in the blood. [Music] In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. [Music] My garments are spotless. Yes, they're white as snow. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in the blood in the so cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? &gt;&gt; Let's all let's stand for prayer. One more time, brother Michael on that chorus. [Music] Are you washed in the blood? [Music] &gt;&gt; In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. &gt;&gt; Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? &gt;&gt; Our heavenly father, Lord, to be washed in that blood, it means salvation. It means eternal life. Lord, it means everything to us. Lord, we are grateful that we can call ourselves in this day Christians. Father, be with us tonight. We pray. We thank you for a good service this morning. We pray that you're with us tonight, Lord, as we open the word. May it glorify you. And Lord, may it answer questions that are on our hearts. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. I got two friends. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; You know, I was standing outside And the deal with not having hair on your head is that if you don't if you stand out there too long, the top of my head sizzles and uh so yeah, got too much sun. Fellowship's been outside this morning. Um it's a it's a special service tonight. I got two two friends here and I want both of them to say a few words. Brother Matt has met. We have uh he's Zach and Zeke's dad. It's good to have you here. And then my dear friend Michael McKenzie from the Carolas from Brother Gerald Gerald Hughes's church. He's a brother Gerald's a good friend. Brother Michael's an old friend. I've known him for a long time. I want both of you if you could both come up and and greet the congregation. Jamie, it's good to see you. God bless you. Welcome. I totally took credit this morning for your marriage. I I said that you met at my house, so I Yeah, I took credit for it. But it's it's good to see you. God bless you. Welcome. Of course, Zach. Good to see you. Brother Matt, come come on up. And if you'd say a few words, Brother Matt goes to a church in Washington State and pastored by a good friend of mine, Brother John Andes. And I asked I said could you just come up and greet the congregation from the church we we would really appreciate it. So brother M bless you. Thank you. Bless you. All right. Well hello everybody. Thanks for uh giving me a couple of moments, pastor. And uh yeah, just wanted to greet the saints on behalf of the church of End Time Message Tabernacle and brotherh John Andes and on behalf of the officers of the church and the saints there, we greet you. It's wonderful to travel about and see other people that are growing in in Christ and uh following and uh so just yeah, we want to greet you and I'll I'll send your greetings back to them when I return. Um I just wanted to pastor said if I had just a couple couple little thoughts and so um I part of also what I wanted to do is thank you as a congregation on behalf um of a father and a mother and my wife just uh some of the role that you played in my son's journey of faith. And so he um well it's a wonder how how how the Lord works in marvelous ways. and he took um I'll back up just really slightly to myself. Uh I was at the age of 18, I said to my parents, I said, "When I graduate high school, I also graduate church." And uh and I and I had a firm belief. I I said I didn't want um a Lord to be over my life. And so uh the Lord has an interesting way to humble us because uh you know, I I just thought I wanted to go my own way in life. And uh and so the Lord by his grace sees me from that point all the way until now and only by his grace humbly trying to walk with him uh to keep humble before him. And so it's a wonder it's a wonderful thing when you see a similar process unfolding in the lives of your sons. And uh and so that's and the Tucson tabernacle plays an interesting role in that because a couple years ago my my son Ezekiel he was finding a different way as well. you know, he was he was away from the church a little bit. He wasn't coming to church so much and um he was just seeking his own way. And so we had a conversation a couple years ago and I could just tell, you know, the enemy wants to put a little bit of fear in there like, you know, your son is wandering and and so you go to prayer as parents and um and sometimes it takes a while. Well, fast forward a couple of years and there was an event here that Katie and Josiah AOT spoke with my son to maybe come video. And so he comes down here and he videos it and then the next thing I know he's he's home. I can't remember the time span. The next thing I know he's thinking about packing his car and headed towards Tucson and and so yeah, and I understand and and then there's an opportunity to live in the the little apartment right next to the Tucson Tabernacle. So, you're just thinking to yourself as a father, well, Lord, I mean, you had a plan all the way along. And so, you know, it's just it's amazing to see how the Lord works. It's um I wanted to encourage anybody who has young one or loved ones that they're praying for. Uh that God is a God of miracles and a God of grace. And sometimes he takes the whole mountain and he moves the whole mountain instantaneously. Other times he takes it dump truck by dump truck. And uh so in my son's case that was it was a little slower process but uh by God's grace his his his journey is headed in a very wonderful direction and uh I'm so grateful to the Lord for that. Um, you know, I was thinking, uh, pastor, that um, you know, the same the same God who those seraraphim were covering up and that was such a I've never really thought about that how they were covering up their face and uh, as if to say, yeah, don't don't look here, you know, look there. But it's that same God who said uh, in the scriptures, you know, is anything too hard for me? And so I I was thinking about that verse this morning or during the afternoon when I was speaking and I I said surely Lord the there is nothing too hard for you. And so yeah, we put our faith in that God who declared that and and we can just say, "Father, I may not know how you're going to do things, but I'm sure interested how you're going to resolve this situation." And we just we just hold that in faith and we trust in the Lord and we put our head down and we keep praying and we um and and I also love be still and know that I am God. And so bless you saints. I will now uh yeah that was [Applause] tell you. So Zeke came down. We all know Zeke. We we love Zeke. And uh Zeke came down and yeah we we put him in jail in the Tucson Tabernacle and he had to he had to live right over here so he couldn't get away. Brother Matt, I do I do appreciate appreciate the family. And you know, when we're praying for someone, our children especially, or maybe a spouse, we never want to put God in a box and say, "God, you have to do it this way." Because it's so easy for us to do that. It's so easy for us to have a path that we think that the Lord should do and we have a destination for our children or our loved one and he never does it like we want it. He's sovereign. He has a way. So, the best thing that we can do is take it out of our hands and we place it in the hands of God. Because let me tell you something. If you didn't already know this, God's hands are much more capable than our hands. &gt;&gt; He's been doing this for 6,000 years. And he knows very well how to bring a soul out of the world. And he can he can no matter how bad things look. I mean, things weren't bad here, but sometimes they are bad. Sometimes you have no idea. Lord, I I have no idea what you can do. I have no idea what's going to happen with this, but Lord, I need this. My son needs this. My daughter needs this. And then you just put it into his hands and watch what he does. He is a miracle working God. He's been doing it for a long time and he does it today. They they say sometimes that, well, the days of miracles are over. No, they're not. Miracles happen and they happen all the time. They happen every day. And really, we've seen miracles in this church. We've seen the sick healed. But when a soul is saved, &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, something something changes. Let me let me give a testimony I was given to the kids at lunch. We know that Alex, the Russian guy that uh that was coming, has been coming. I don't know for six months, eight months. We know Alex's wife, Joy. And Joy, she was Joy did not represent Joy. She was not a happy lady. And she would, boy, she she was rough on me and I think she was rough on quite a few of you. And she would wait outside the church and she'd let us have it. and just not a nice person most of the time. Well, I get a text from someone. Maybe it's from Joy. No, because I blocked her on my phone. This is how bad it was. You laugh, but I did. There was a reason I did. And it was because I had to. So, somebody tells me that, hey, you know, Joy, she's finished. and and I was I was she said she's finished with it and I was worried about her. I was worried about maybe she was going to take her own life. I was worried about what was going on in her life. So the next morning I told um I told brother Ed I think it was I said make ready for baptism because I don't know what joy was meaning and you all were most of you were here about threequarters of the way through my sermon Joy walks in. She's never stepped foot in this church. Joy walked in and she sat right about behind where sister Shirley is and she sat next to her husband. And as I was ministering, you know, she has that real firm look. As I was ministering, I could see the face soften up and I could see that she was really thinking. And towards the end of service, I I could see the hard shell The Bible calls it a stony heart. I could see that stony heart start to break a little bit. And then I looked down at her and I said, I think I said, it's on video, you can go back and look at it. I think I said, Joy, I said, God cares about you. God knows you. He knows everything about you, and he cares. And then the tears just started coming down her face. and talked to her for a little while longer right in front of everybody and I said, "Do you want to be baptized?" And she was puckering. That bottom lip was going up and down. And she shook her head. And we brought her up and and a couple of one or two others brought them up and baptized them. This just a few weeks ago. And I'll tell you what, that woman changed. She changed that day and she is the sweetest person now. And I unblocked her and everything everything is is okay. And I'll tell you what, she was hugging the sisters and brother Joe, she came up to me and she grabbed me and she rubbed the top of my head and said, "I love you, pastor. You're not allowed to do that. I love you too, Joy. And and she is she was telling me this morning, she said, "I want to lead my dad to the Lord Jesus." And I just thought, you know, is it worth it? Is doing this. That right there makes it all worth it. That woman had no one. She was by herself. Her husband and her did not get along. He would come to church. He was referred here from another church that we we don't even know. They said Tucson Tabernacle has changed um over the past couple um couple months. And and they told um Alex, they said, you know, you should go try it out because we heard that there's a lot of people starting to go over there. and and he came and you know Alex he's real firm and he's Russian and and you know you go to give him a hug and just I shake hand you know and and but now he's got a wife that loves the Lord and she's happy. She's still going to have troubles. We're all going to have troubles. But things changed in that lady's life. I don't know if I've ever seen a change so much as in Joy. I don't know how many how many know Joy? How many? A lot of you do. Has she not changed? It's it's really a miracle. So, I see that the Lord can do things and he has his time and he has his way. And Joy made the decision herself and she walked down in there and she gave her heart to the Lord Jesus. And now it's like, well, praise God. Praise God. And I will I'm going to have brother Michael if you could come up. Um, but I'll I'll talk about in a little bit the old question that says, "Can a can can you lose your salvation? Is once saved always saved?" Is that correct? Before I want Brother Michael to greet us. Brother Michael's originally from the Congo and he's lived here for a long time. As I as I said, I've known Brother Michael. He's a good friend. He's got a precious family. His do Where's the daughters? Where's the girls? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Well, next time they're going to come, right, sister? Good to see you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; God bless you. It's a joy and a privilege for me to be in front of you, the redeemed of his blood. Are you happy? &gt;&gt; Yes. As brother Daniel say, he's a good friend of mine and I am blessed to be a friend of yours and to be in our midst, your midst tonight. I just wanted to read one or two scriptures to greet you with those scriptures. And at the same time, I'm bringing greetings from Pastor to you and the whole congregation and from my children. So my wife is sitting over there, sister Stella. She's right there in the back. So I want to read Um in the book of Colossians chapter 3 verse 16 it says let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. That's one of the scriptures I love the most because it talks about the word amongst us, dwelling amongst us. That's where we we draw our strength. And the other one is second Timothy that would be chapter 3 verse 16. It is the same about the word. It says, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, &gt;&gt; for reproof, for correction, for instruction, in righteousness." &gt;&gt; So everything is laid out there the way the word is going to do for you in righteousness with love. So we love you and we appreciate the grace that the Lord has given to brother Daniel here. I've been in this church. It's been six years. We didn't have any pastor but I had opportunity to visit here. That's what I had to greet with these few words from scripture. God bless you. [Applause] Praise the Lord. God is good. So now I asked for some questions and and I got some really really good questions from the congregation and I I thought that that I could take about 15 minutes, 20 minutes and answer one of these questions that someone wrote in. I don't know who it was but it it's it's an excellent excellent question and and it goes back actually it has divided the Christian church for a long long time and one and one of the things I want to say on these questions that if you have you you probably won't on this one but if you have a really strong feeling one way or the other don't Let a doctrine divide you. &gt;&gt; We have learned that we have no book but the Bible, no law but love, and and no book but the Bible, no law but love, and come on. No creed but Christ. Thank you. And that that's how we believe. And if we can be separated by simple doctrines that even the highest theologians separate on then friends the the spirit of Christ really isn't there. It really isn't among us. So when we are talking about these questions and I'll do my best to answer. Brother Brandham said if there's a Bible question then there's a Bible answer and I'll do my best to answer according to the Bible. But make sure that as we are going through these, take the scriptures that I read, bring them into your heart and then apply them to your life. My interpretation, I could be right, I could be wrong, but the most important thing is that the Bible is read. And then what I want to do is I want to place it into your hands and say, "Now, what do you think about this?" and let the congregation dig into the word. That's my role. My role isn't up here isn't to be up here and have you listen to me as the pastor and you put all of your trust in my interpretation or my revelation. That's not a role of a pastor. It's not the role of a priest. That's not the role of a leader in the church. The the role is to get you excited about the word, to get you to dig in, and then you will receive the blessings from the Bible. The Bible is just full of blessings. Our brother said that all doctrine, all scripture is given by inspiration from God and good for doctrine. So we are permitted by that scripture to open up this word wherever we want to open it up &gt;&gt; and learn from it. &gt;&gt; And it's a blessing to be able to do that. So the question if you were once saved are you always saved? Is this a one-time thing or can you lose your salvation? So we what we here have here is we have a classic um disagreement between Calvinism which is basically you're saved, you're predestinated that there that basically almost you don't have a choice in the matter that you either are or you're not. And then we have the other side we have Armenianism that says no you have to continue to work. You have to continue to serve. You have to con you you can't when you fail you have to repent again and you have to always strive for perfection and yes you can lose your salvation. So let me read some scriptures from both sides and then I'll give you my opinion but it's up to all of us individually to decide. So these passages I'm going to I'm going to read now, these scriptures emphasize emphasize eternal security. Okay? Eternal security is once saved, always saved in salvation for true believers. It says this, and I'm sorry I did not give you these, but let's see how fast you are on your sword drills. John 10 verse 27, Jesus said this. John 10:27, "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish. Neither shall a man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all, and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand." So he's saying, "I gave them eternal life. I saved them. I have them in my hand. And there's no one that can pluck them out. There's no way that they could be lost." Romans chapter 8 verse 38 says this, one of my favorite scriptures, and I read this often in closing. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. No matter what sin you commit, there is nothing that can separate you from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Ephesians chapter 1 verse 13 says this speaking of the Lord Jesus I'll read the New King James Version. It says, "In him you also trusted after you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom also having believed, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, who is the guarantee of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession to the praise of his glory." The Old King James says, "In whom you also trusted after that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation. In whom also after that you believed Josiah, you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise, what we were talking about earlier, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory." So you were sealed after you believed. You gave your heart to the Lord. You were sealed. All right? And who can break a seal? Satan can't break that seal. So I believe the author there is saying now other scriptures. Now let's look at the other side. Brother Michael, you probably knew I'd go to this one. Hebrews chapter 6 verse4. It says this, "For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost and have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come, if they shall fall away to renew them unto repentance, seeing that they crucify to themselves the son of God aresh, and put him to an open shame." Little difficult to understand. And let me read the amplified version of that. For it is impossible to restore to repentance those who have once been enlightened spiritually and who have tasted and consciously experienced the heavenly gift and have shared in the holy holy spirit and have tasted and consciously I'm sorry experienced the good word of God and the powers of the age to come. They've experienced of the world to come and then have fallen away. It is impossible to bring them back again to repentance since they again nailed the son of God on the cross. Amplified says, "So as far as they are concerned, they are treating the death of Christ as if they were not saved by it and are holding him up again to public disgrace." So the Apostle Paul here, author of Hebrews, he says, "It's impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of this heavenly gift, if they fall away, it's impossible for them to come back. John 15:6. I know it's a bit of a downer, but it's what the Bible says. John 15:6. If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and is withered, and men gather them and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. If you abide in me and my words also abide in you, then you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. New Living Translations a little easier to understand on that one. It says, "Anyone who does not remain in me, remain in me, is thrown away like a useless branch and withers. Such branches are gathered into a pile to be burned. But if you remain in me and my words remain in you, you may ask for anything you want and it will be granted. So remaining is staying which means you are there. Now stay there. But he's saying here but the ones that don't remain they are cast away. 1 Corinthians chapter 9 verse 27. 1 Corinthians 9:27 says this, "But I keep under my bo under my body and bring it into subjection, lest that by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be cast away." English standard version of that says this very very direct. It says this, "But I discipline my body and keep it under control, lest after preaching to others, I myself should be disqualified." Oh, so now we've seen the other side. You can see how someone can be an Armenius. You see how they could say, "You could lose your salvation." What about Judas? Judas walked with the disciples. Brother Ram said he lost his salvation. His name was taken off the book of life. So what's the answer? Listen to this. Let me read that. Judas when Jesus is praying for his disciples he's in the garden of Gethsemane he says this St. John 17:9, he says, "I pray for them. I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me, for they are thine." Verse 10. All are mine. I'll read the You know what? All are mine. All mine are thine and thine are mine. and I am glorified in them. And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, keep them through thine own name, those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one as we are one. Now watch verse 12. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me, I have kept, and none of them is lost. So he's saying that those that you gave me, none of them has lost, but the son of predition that the scripture might be fulfilled. So one was lost, that the scripture might be fulfilled. So this he's Jesus is saying now he's praying down there in the garden but he hasn't yet completely been betrayed. Jesus hu uh Judas hasn't walked up to Jesus and kissed him to identify him to the soldiers. So it hasn't quite happened yet. But here Jesus said that he's lost. So what is it? So, can we lose our salvation? Was Judas ever really saved? It's a good question. It says in Revelation 22 verse 18. says this,"For I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book, that if anyone if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if anyone takes away from the words of the of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part from the book of life, from the holy city, and from the things that which are written in this book, shall take his part from the book of life, out of the book of life. So again, you see how there can be two sides to this. You can you see how these theologians, they go back and forth and back and forth for years. Is it or is it not? So what do you think? Has anyone changed their mind? I think we had a almost a consensus before that you can't lose your salvation. Has anyone changed their mind? Michael says, Let me uh let me give you my thought on this and studying and studying the message and and it's it's back and forth and in studying the the theologians and and what they say really it's back and forth. But listen to this. God is talking to Job. All right. Job is complaining. He Job had gone through a really, really hard time obviously. And Job is kind of complaining to God. And God tells Job, he says, "Listen." And watch the story that God tells Job. He says, "You think you're good, Job? Where were you when I laid the found?" I'm going to read the New King James. Job Job 38:4. Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. He says, "Tell me if you understand." &gt;&gt; Who determined its measurements? Surely you know, Job. Surely you know these things. If you're so good, sure you surely you know how I created the heavens and the earth, right, Job? Who determined in the measurements? Surely you know. Or who stretched the line upon it to what were its foundations fastened or who laid its cornerstone. So he's talking about the creation of the world. He's going way back. It's it's important to set the context here. He's this goes way back. Now watch what he says. Verse number seven. When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy, the sons of God were there. They were shouting for joy when God created all of this. So if they were there way back then, then how can you lose your salvation? if you were in God eternally because we were there. I believe I was there. I don't remember it obviously, but I believe I was there and I was shouting. I was like, "Yes, yeah. Look at this world. Look at these stars. Look at all of this. Praise the Lord. This is all this is awesome." I was there and I was shouting. I was just praising God just like the serarapums we heard this morning that they were they were there and they were covering their face and they were covering their feet and they were flying around and they were looking at each other and they were saying holy holy unto the Lord. They were looking at each other and praising God saying how great he was. And there I was, brother Matt, there I was at the foundation of the world and I was shouting for joy. And what does that have to do with this? So let's go to Revelation chapter 13 verse 5. So we've established here that the sons of God were there for way back. Revelation 13 says this. And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies and power was given unto him to continue 40 and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God to blaspheme his name and his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints. We're talking about the enemy here. And it was given unto him to to make war with the saints and to overcome them. And the power was given him over all kindreds and tongues and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written whose names are not written in the book of life. So all these that are worshiping the beast, their names are not written in that book. of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. That's longer than 2,000 years ago. So that goes way back also before God even created the heavens and the earth. So here Jesus is way back before the earth was created. He was slain. And it was in God's plan to to slay his son Jesus so that we all may be saved. And here we are and we're shouting for for joy and we're we're we're rejoicing in all of this. So this salvation plan is not just for the 75 and a half years average that we are here on earth. It goes way back to the the beginning that God chose us. He tells us in the book of Ephesians that we are predestinated. He knew. &gt;&gt; Now here's the issue. So I am saying yes I actually I agree with everyone most people here that yes we are saved eternally. If the lamb was slain before the foundation of the of the world that's when I was saved. It came to pass 2,000 years ago when Jesus was here. My life was predestined to be here. It came to pass. And now I'm here and I have given my heart to the Lord Jesus. And I believe on him. And when someone truly gives their heart to the Lord, they truly become a Christian. They get saved. and they backslide. I really believe that that person always has a desire in their heart to serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; I don't believe it ever leaves. If they truly are saved, if they truly give their heart to the Lord, no matter how bad they may be, I really believe that there is always something in there that wants to get right. And as I said at the beginning, we don't put God in a box and neither do we put each other in a box and judge them and say here is how you have to be. There is one there is one exclusive club and it's not anything other than Jesus Christ and him crucified. That is exclusive to salvation. You must believe that. So if you truly believe that and if you truly have given your heart to the Lord and then you fall away, then you're just making life hard on yourself. You are. And life is not going to be good. I have never met I've never seen someone that gave their heart to the Lord and then backslid. And I know a lot of them that have and their life got better. Never. or they had more joy in their life. Never. The enemy is so tempting. He is so the I read this morning in Isaiah and Ezekiel about how attractive he is, how beautiful he is, how much he is desired and in how he does things. And he is so tempting and it may be it could be anything. It could be, it could be wealth, it could be sex, it could be popularity, it could be just fitting in with the other kids. He is so good at what he does. And then he will always bring you down and ruin your life and make your life harder. Always. But we make that decision. We make that decision. I am going to choose to sin. And it never works out good ever. And then we have to we go all the way down this road. Say we start right here. We're doing good. And then you know what? I'm going to go all the way down this road of sin all the way to here and I got to go all the way back down that road to get back. You don't go down the road of sin and then all of a sudden your life just gets better. You have to go down the road of repentance. You have to make it right. And that is a child of God. A child of God. He's saved. I believe he is eternally saved. I believe the Lord has his hand. Jesus said that no man can I chose them. He says you didn't choose me. I chose you. &gt;&gt; And he and he says that no one can pluck you out of my hand. Never. But we make the decision to ruin our lives. Our children, loved ones make that decision to completely ruin their life. And they look like they're lost. They look like everything is bad in their lives. And they suffer. They suffer. They suffer until they come back to the Lord. And then they still suffer for what they did. They make make decisions in marriage. They might make decisions of of drugs or alcohol or whatever. and it might hurt their body and they might have to live with that for the rest of their life. But their soul is okay. We sin in the flesh and we suffer in the flesh. But when you come back to the Lord, then that soul is in good shape. That soul is fine. But we still have to suffer for what we've done because we're here in the flesh. But eternally, no. eternally. I believe that once we are saved that we are always saved, but I don't believe it just happened here on earth. I believe God chose me before the foundation of the world and I was in him before the foundation of the world. I was one of those ones that was shouting for joy. I was one of those ones that witnessed all of these things that were created in the world and the sun and the moon. And I shouted for joy. And I think that I was really shouting for joy. I mean, I I'm I love the creation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But I think I was really shouting for joy because I was redeemed &gt;&gt; because the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world and I was put in that lamb's book of life. Feel good? &gt;&gt; All right. Any anybody? So, we uh the question I believe I answered the question as far as I I know. Any other any other questions on this subject before we close? Brother Michael, where's brother Michael? You can you and the the worship team can come. Any other questions on this? Can you imagine? Think about that. Before the foundation of the world, the sons of God shouted for joy. I love the way God was saying it, saying like, "Oh, Job, you know, oh, you oh, do you know how I did this? You're so smart." But then he puts in there that when all this happened, they were shouting for joy. Can you imagine just that thought that I was there? And if you're a son or a daughter of God, I believe you are there, too. And there's nothing that could pluck me out of his hand. &gt;&gt; Nothing at all. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Aaron said the prodigal son when he left the house, ah, beautiful. When the when the prodical son left the house, he said, "I want my inheritance now." His dad says, "Okay." Gives him his money. You know what he does with his inheritance? He goes gets prostitutes, drinks it away, spends it all, live, backslides, lives terrible all the way till he's spent all of his money. Now, Satan really got a hold of him. It's like, "Oh, you're having fun. good job. Drink and smoke and and and do all these things. Enjoy yourself. This is living. This is good. And here he is. He's enjoying it. And he think he thinks he's loving life. And then he finds himself. Wow. I don't have any money left. I don't have a job. And I'm just trying. I'm so hungry. I'm feeding these pigs. I'm so hungry that I would love to just eat this slop that I'm giving to the pigs. And then he thought, I wonder if dad would take me back. I'll live I'll live in the quarters with the servants. Oh, can you imagine? I'll live if he would just take me back, Lord. If you would just forgive me of my sins, Lord, if you would just I've gone so far, Lord. I if you would just just forgive me. And he comes, makes his decision, and he starts walking back. And you know, he's thinking about this the whole time. What's dad going to say? I have completely I'm sure mom was worried about me all this time. And I've been out and he knows what I've been doing with with the prostitutes. And he knows I've been doing the drugs and he knows I've been drinking and he knows he knows I've been doing all these things. He's He's going to throw me out. He's not going to accept me in. And then here he comes and his dad sees him coming down the road. And his dad rejoices and he says, "Go kill the fatted calf." He says, "We are going to celebrate because my prodical son has returned." That's us. No matter what we do, no matter how far we go, no matter how much we sin, here is our father. And his hands are out and he says this. He says, "Come unto me all you that are burdened and heavy laden." And he says, "I will give you rest." Beautiful story. No matter how far you go, he was still a son. He could not, no one could deny that he was still that man's son. And no one can deny that I and you are am a son or a daughter of Jesus Christ. You can't deny it. I'm there. He chose me before the foundation of the world. I love him. He's everything to me. And no matter how far I go, no matter how much I sin, he's my Lord. He's my Savior. And he'll accept me in because he said no one can pluck him pluck me from his hand. I may, as someone said, I may have made the decision to go. I think it was Jamie, maybe. I may have made the decision to go, but he was waiting there the whole time. And now I make the decision to come back. And here we are at home with Father, Brother Michael. Amazing [Music] grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that taught my heart to fear. [Music] I do not know just why he came to love me so. He looked beyond my foe and saw my need. And I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary. To view the cross where Jesus died for me. Oh, how marvelous [Music] his grace that called my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw my need. He's wonderful. And I I truly believe no Satan tells us you're lost. I have seen people take their own lives for the very reason people that I know for the very reason that they said that I am beyond forgiveness. I am beyond redemption. I've seen people actually kill themselves. Didn't see it with my own eyes, but I knew them very well. I talked to one person or he left a message on my phone the very day that he took his life. And his words were, "I I can't come back from this." He just lost hope. I'll tell you, wherever Christ is, there is hope. He loves us no matter how much we do. Brother Michael, I don't think that any of us. I don't think we could ever forsake our child. But the love of God far outweighs the love of a parent. Far. He will never leave us or forsake us is what he said. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Amen. There's nothing, friends. Brother Tony, if you would come and close, brother Michael [Music] I shall forever [Music] lift my eyes to Calary [Music] to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How marvelous his grace on my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw my &gt;&gt; Let's all stand for prayer, please. Dear heavenly father, blessed are we that were able to sit at this service today and hear these words. I'm just so thankful for this congregation and and for the pastor and the the message that was preached tonight. Father, as we go and enjoy the rest of the evening, Lord, we just we just pray that your will be done in our lives and in this congregation, that we would be filled with the Holy Spirit. Amen. [Music] We just give you thanks, Lord. You are so [Music] merciful. And thank you. Thank you, Father. Amen. I think there's a time if I was saved when the lamb was slain. But there's still a time when I realized I'm saved. And I'll tell you what, that is a happy happy time when we realize our names are on that book and no one can take it away. God bless you, friends.
