################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - You Are the Salt of the Earth Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    You Are the Salt of the Earth: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWAiLWo9DAA
========================================

Description:
Sunday, September 28, 2025 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans ministers about the spirit that chose Barabbas over Jesus is the same as the liberal spirit today. He ministers on the salt of the earth, spoken of by Jesus in Mathew 5:11-16.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Glor, glor. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, [Applause] I like what I like what brother Josiah said. That was written Wow. a long time ago and it's still marching forward and it's marching forward with me. It's marching forward with you. The same spirit that was on the apostles is the same spirit that's here with us this morning. Let's bow our heads and friends. Let's pray to the one that gives us that courage. &gt;&gt; The ones that the one that gives us the power to overcome. Almighty God, Lord, you are great. You are the same God that parted the Red Sea. You're the same God that created the heavens and the earth. And Father, you are the same God that's here with us this morning. May we give honor and glory to that same God. Lord, we humbly invite you to join us this morning. May you be pleased, Lord. May we draw closer to you in Jesus name. Amen. Just one more time before we sit down. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. &gt;&gt; One more time with all your voices. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Oh glory, glory. Hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Can we sing that just our voices, no instruments? Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is maring on. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine? Can you imagine those soldiers walking into battle with their musketss in their hands and the cannons behind them and the cannons in front of them and the enemy there? Can you imagine going into battle and with that song ringing in their ears knowing that they are fighting for something much greater than they are. They are fighting for freedom. They're fighting for life. and walking into battle with that song on their minds as we are this morning. One more time, let's do just the voices again. &gt;&gt; Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah [Music] is truth. Maring on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. Do you believe it? Amen. You can take your seats. Thank you. Wow. We could think we've already had church. That was good. Good worship. Good worship service this morning. Wow. And I'm I'm glad that I didn't know he was going to, but I'm glad that Josiah sang that song because I want to talk about uh having courage in in our life. First, Bruce, good to see you, man. I I met this guy outside. He rode up on his bike and and um saw he was in a suit. I said said, "Brother, you look sharp." And he says, "Yeah." He says, "Um, coming to church." He says, "Uh, I want to see what this new pastor's all about." [Laughter] I said, "Well, you're talking to him." He's like, "Oh, okay. It's good to have you, bro. Good to have you in in church." Brother David Savalo, where are you and family in the back? Welcome, pastor from San Diego. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have you. See your wife and your son there. Sister, brother, welcome. God bless you. It's good to good to have you in church with us. Uh uh Seven Peterson, where are you? You brought a friend Micah. Where are you? Seven. There you are. Micah, welcome. Good to see you. Good to have you in church. And uh the sister Orgar, good to see you. God bless you. Welcome. One more. Um, okay. And then if I missed you and you're a visitor, welcome. We we appreciate having you. Uh, I got a video this morning from from Sister Lonnie and uh, no wonder you didn't stand up. You're tired. Klehano was out there with his new leg running uh, running miles this morning. Is the first time? &gt;&gt; Good job, man. Praise God, brother. It's It's The Lord has blessed you. He's blessed your family, Brother Lion. You and your family. Good to have you back. I just thank the world of you all. And there's Kanani. Wow. Welcome. God bless you. Good to see you. Oh, man. It's like got all of our people here. It feels It feels really really good. Let's let's open our Bibles. And I sent out a text last night that we're going to stay in. Obviously, we're going to stay in this sermon on the mount. And let's start with where we left off with last Sunday. Matthew chapter 5 verse 10. And I want to say a few more words about these scriptures. I talked a little bit about it last week and then we'll move on. Matthew chapter 5 verse 10 it reads like like this. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness righteousness sake for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil false against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your re reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Amen. Now friends, Josiah singing that song and us singing it and I believe the Lord was pleased with it. There's a time in our lives for us to make a stand for what's right. You know, a Christian doesn't have to be beaten down all the time. And a Christian doesn't have to to just roll over all the time and just not go to the controversial issues. You know, sometimes Christians do go to the controversial issues. And I know it makes us uncomfortable sometime. I know that sometime you You might be thinking in your chair, "Oh, why is a pastor talking about that? It makes me nervous. You know, what's everybody else thinking?" But there's a time to make a stand. There's a time to stand up for what you know is right. &gt;&gt; There are people throughout history who have stood for what is right &gt;&gt; and they have suffered for it. And if we truly make a stand, then we can expect that we are going to suffer for what is right. Amen. &gt;&gt; But Jesus says right here, he says, "You are blessed when you suffer persecution for for they persecuted the prophets that were before you. You're not the only one that is ever that has suffered for doing what's right." Way back, right at the very beginning of the Bible, Abel, Adam's son, he was hated by his brother Cain. He was hated because he sacrificed to God in a different way that Cain sacrificed. And God honored Abel sacrifice more than he did Cain. And Cain that jealousy rose up in him if he would have just been humble and said, "You know what? Abel's right. I'm going to change." But instead, he he would not humble himself and he murdered his brother because of jealousy. Abel died because he desired to serve God and he did what was right. The prophet Isaiah Isaiah was hated by his own people because Isaiah said that I saw God on the throne. Made him jealous. They said, "You can't see God. The word teaches us that no man can see God." Isaiah said, "But I saw him on the throne." You know what they did to him? They sought him in half. Killed him for it. The prophet Daniel, he was so hated by the people of Babylon that they tricked the king into sentencing him to death. Why? Because he stood for what he believed. Because he prayed. He prayed three times a day. And they were jealous of him. They hated him. He lived a good life. He was successful. He did everything that Daniel did. He did well and people hated him for it and they tricked the king to sentencing him to death to be eaten by lions. Now the Lord delivered him from it. Mori and the Jews. He was hated in the time of King Ahazerus hated so much that they that the people of the kingdom, they developed this this scheme because the Jews were so hated because they set God first above everything else. And the the hatred of them spread and spread till they tricked the king into to sentencing all of them to death by hanging. But there was a lady that made a stand for what was right. She risked her life. She was fine. She wouldn't have been killed. But she risked her life for what was right. This Queen Esther and made a stand and she saved her people. Zachchariah the prophet. Again, another one. He made a stand and he was stoned by those that didn't agree with his way of worship. They hated Zachchariah because he didn't agree with them. He stood up against them. John the Baptist, same thing. He stood against the sins of the king. He made a stand saying that this immorality is wrong. And he was hated. Hated for it. So much so that he was sentenced to death. The king was tricked into it, but he was sentenced to death and had his head cut off. The Apostle Paul, same thing. Stephen, Stephen, the the uh the deacon and the apostle, he was killed because he was vocal in what he believed and hated it. It brings it right back to the words Jesus said. You're going to be hated for this. But there are people that are willing to make a stand. And thank God for those people. Jesus Christ himself died on the cross with the mobs hating him and making fun of him when he was up there nailed to the to the the wooden cross and people making fun of him saying, "Why don't you come down from there? Friends, we see that same spirit today. See it very, very plainly. I want to read I want you to I'm going to read the New Living Translation of this and I just want you to just it's it's a the New Living Translation is more of a story and I want you to listen to this and think about if this is going on today. John chapter 18 says this. Now just listen. Then Pilate called together the leading priests and other religious leaders along with the people and he announced his verdict. You brought this man to me accusing him of leading a revolt. I have examined examined him thoroughly on this point in your presence and I find him innocent. Pilate speaking of Jesus. I find him innocent. Herod came to the same conclusion and sent him back to us. Nothing this man has done calls for the death penalty. So I will have him flogged and then I will release him. Listen to this. Then a mighty roar arose from the crowd. And with one voice they shouted, "Kill him and release Barabus to us." Barabus was in prison for taking part in an insurrection in Jerusalem against the government and for murder. Pilate argued with him because he wanted to release Jesus, but they kept shouting, "Crucify him! Crucify him!" For the third time, he demanded, "Why? What crime has he committed? I have found no reason to sentence him to death. So, I will have him flogged, and then I will release him." But the mobs shouted louder and louder demanding that Jesus be crucified and their voices prevailed. So Pilate sentenced Jesus to die as they demanded as they had requested. He released Barabus, the man in prison for insurrection and murder. But he turned Jesus over to them to do as they wished. I believe a large portion of our c of our country right now would celebrate the blood of Jesus Christ and cry out for releasing a criminal in hisstead. I saw a few of these things s circulating recently and I want to read some of them. Some of you who went up to Charlie Kirk's funeral. with quite a few people did. I want to say a few more words. I said a few words last week. I want to say a few words more words this week. And let me let me ask you as I'm reading these things, think about what they would do to Jesus if he was on trial and what they would do to bring a criminal out instead of him. &gt;&gt; Saw this man. He was hysterically laughing on uh one of the platforms, hysterically laughing at at Charlie Kirk's assassination, making fun of his death. And at the end of the video, he said, "But seriously, Charlie, but seriously, Charlie Kirk, shots and prayers. Thoughts and prayers." You know, everybody says thoughts and prayers. He was making fun of a bullet killing this man and he says but seriously shots and prayers to you making fun another one and when I say and these people cannot talk without cussing so obviously I'm not going to read the bad words so I will say expletative when when it was so hard to find something that you could understand without the cussing. Another person says this, "Charlie Kirk just got put down like an expletative dog in Utah. I could not be happier. I will never, never, never feel bad when bad people get what they exploive deserve." Who would they have chosen on that day? man playing a guitar across the across the street from a Charlie Kirk vigil was singing this. I don't want your salvation. I want you to expletive die. This is this is today friends. This is last week. This isn't 2000 years ago. Elon M congresswoman from Minnesota says this. Charlie Kirk was do Dr. Frankenstein and his monster shot him through the neck. Then she said, "Any legacy he has left behind should be in the dust bin of history and we should move on and forget the hate that he spewed every single day." Imagine what they would have said about Jesus when they said, "Don't you remember him turning over the tables in the temple?" Imagine what they would have said to that. Do you not do we not see the same spirit that's here today? Political analyst for MSNBC, this guy Matthew Dodd says this. And to think that this and to and I think that that I think that is the environment we are in. You can't stop with these sorts of awful things you have and then say these awful words and not expect awful actions to take place. saying the so-called awful words of Charlie Kirk justified his murder. Then he said hateful thoughts lead to hateful words which then lead to hateful actions. Justifying the media on the day of Jesus just they they justified killing killing Jesus because saying that he was starting an insurrection. justified it. They just they then they they had rumors of that day. The media of that day said, "Oh, yeah, and by the way, Jesus came from an affair that his mother had with a Roman soldier. She wasn't a virgin. She had an affair with some gentile man." That is what the media was saying back then. And that is what was producing this hatred and fueling this hatred at that time. This judge, Hamilton County Municipal Court Judge Ted Barry was mocking Charlie Kirk and he said when he said, you know, when we say rest in peace, he says, Charlie Kirk, rest in hatred and division. This is a judge in Cincinnati, a leader. Yeah. Rest in hatred, Charlie. I got so many more here. One more. Drew Harrison. Let's Let's skip that one. Let's go to Yeah, this one person says, "Thoughts and prayers, you Nazi expletive. I hope the bullet's okay after touching Charlie Kirk." Boy, I know it makes you feel uncomfortable. Sorry. It's time to be uncomfortable. It's part of it. This is the world we live in. This is the hatred that is around us. Drew Harrison, a video game designer, was fired after sharing a social media post that he said, "I hope the shooter's name is Mario." This is one of the ones that work on uh the what are they called? The Mario Brothers. I hope the shooter's name is Mario. So that Luigi knows his bro got his back. He's referencing the Mario Brothers video game while associating ch Charlie Kirk's killer with Luigi Manjonei who's a kills of who's accused of killing Brian Thompson the CEO of United Healthcare shooting him in the back you know go you know and glorifying murder and these same people and I have I have more quotes from ministers on here and and making fun of this Charlie Kirk murder. And these are the same people. These are the same people that are deifying someone like George Floyd, who of course he shouldn't have died, but deifying this man, lifting him up, setting him up as an example, and making fun of this man, Charlie Kirk. What is wrong with our society? It's the same spirit that was there when Jesus Christ was crucified. You know what the big big difference between George Floyd and Charlie Kirk was? Now, I know Floyd was a career criminal. He was a drug addict. He was being arrested for breaking the law when all this happened aside from the obvious. And he and I and and he shouldn't have been killed. And it was a tragic situation. But what is do you know what the big difference between the two is? The big difference is no one separ celebrated the death of George Floyd. and they shouldn't have. It was tragic. Yes, he was a criminal and and he was rightfully being arrested, but it was a tragic outcome. No, but no one celebrated him dying. But why are they celebrating this man of God, Charlie Kirk? Why are they making fun of him? Why are they celebrating his death? For the same reason that they they celebrated Jesus Christ being nailed to the cross. It's the same spirit that we are living in today. As I said, I know it's uncomfortable, but given the choice, you can look at society today and given the choice between Jesus and Barabus, who would they have chosen? Many. Who would many people choose today? Jesus or Barabus? It's the time we're living in. I want you to listen. Look at the context in the Bible. Let's go to second Timothy chapter 3 verse one. This know also. 2 Timothy 3:1. This know also that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers from God having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. Now you want to bring this right down home. Let me read another translation. Let me read the New Living Translation of that. Now just sit back and just listen. See if you can't look around and see this. You should know this, Timothy, that in the last days there will be very difficult times. For people will love only themselves and their money. They will be boastful and proud, scoffing at God, disobedient to their parents and ungrateful. They will consider nothing sacred. They will be unloving and unforgiving. They will slander and others. They will slander others and have no self-control. They will be cruel and hate what is good. They will betray their friends, be reckless, be puffed up with pride, and love pleasure rather than God. They will act religious but they will reject the power that could make that could make them godly. Stay away from people like that. Wow. Let me tell you friends, the word of God is beautiful and the word of God is just as true today as it ever has been. But it is uncomfortable. these things that are being said that I'm reading right here. These aren't ne these aren't my words. I'm reading what everybody else says about this. And these things, it's like, whoa. Wow. I can see how they would hate Jesus. I could see how the crowds would get riled up and say, "Send us out Barabbus." I can see how those things would happen. And I believe they would happen today. Let's read Matthew 5:10 again before we go on to the next. Let me tell you, Isaiah said when the enemy comes in like a flood that the spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him. &gt;&gt; That's the good part. And we get to be part of that. &gt;&gt; Matthew chapter 5 verse 10. Again, let's read it again. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Now, what is the standard that God is going to rise up against this? As I said in Isaiah, whenever the enemy comes up, hey, God's going to rise up an army against him. Don't worry. And today, that army is not with flesh and blood. It's not it's not a some sort of insurrection or anything like that. Now, that army is through holy living and a good life before God and living right and loving each other. That is it. that will conquer. That is what will will conquer and that I promise you. Now listen to what Jesus says and he's looking out across the audience here and he says in verse 13 he says you are the salt of the earth but if the salt has lost its savor wherewith shall it be salted? It is hence then it is then forth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trodden underfoot. So really salt is such an important part of life and especially back when Jesus was here. First salt's essential to life. It's part of life. You have to have salt in your system for everything to work right. And then also salt was used as a preservative back then. Whether it be fish or whether it be meat or or what whatever it was. They could preserve their food and make it last longer. But I think what Jesus is talking about here in this case, Jesus is referring to the flavor of salt in our food. We put salt in our food to make it taste good. But notice how seasoning, the seasoning of salt works. When you put the right amount of salt in your food, it tastes good. Stephanie makes potatoes and it's like some people like salty or some people like less salty. She just started looking around like, "Oh great, what's he gonna say?" Sorry, sweetheart. I can pick on you because you're stuck with me. They're not. You are. You kind of are. Um, but when you salt the potatoes, it's like if you just make mashed potatoes with no salt, have you ever had them? They're terrible. It's like, oh man, this is gross. This is This doesn't taste like anything. But then if you put too much salt in it, then all you taste is the salt. But if you put the right amount of salt in your potatoes, it tastes like potatoes and they're really good. It's not you're not tasting the salt, you're tasting the food. And that's what that's what salt does. He's saying that you are the salt of the earth. So what you're doing, what we are doing is we are taking God's word and we are the salt that makes it taste good. It's not the nutrients. We're not the nutrients. We're not the meat. Jesus is saying, "You are the salt." And make it taste good. When someone looks at us, they should be like, "Oh, I love the word. I love the way that tastes. I love the way that feels. It It feels really, really good. But if you lose, friends, if we lose that saltiness, if we lose that love, if we lose that passion for the word, then we've lost our love and we're not doing any good. The salt, it's either doesn't taste right or we ruin it or whatever. like like Josiah leading songs, Daniel leading leading songs. The worship leaders, they need to be into the worship. They need to let they need to season the worship with their salt to make it good. It's not about them. If you put too much salt in there, then it becomes about the worship leader and it's not good. It's like, how'd you like the worship service? I was a little too salty. It was a little too much about the guy and not so much about the Lord. The same thing with the preacher. He's up there and it's you might leave after the sermon and you say, "How how was the sermon?" It's like, "Well, you know, it was kind of bland. You know, he wasn't really into it. I could tell he didn't really believe it or it was, man, too salty. That guy was all about himself. He was just talking about himself in there." And it wasn't about the food that we're trying to get across. The salt just enhances the flavor. The salt is not the flavor. And that's how we should be with with a pastor of a church. You should say, "Well, you know, he he loves the people. He he he he's cares about me. He cares about my family. He cares about what's going on." But if you have somebody up there that doesn't that doesn't care, there's no saltiness there. But then if you have a pastor and you can get used to it that's constantly dumping the salt in. It's all about him and you don't even taste the food. You don't taste the word. We, me, you, all of us, we sprinkle that seasoning in there for it to taste good. And that is what Jesus is saying here. He's he's saying when you're a witness to your friend, do you care about their well-being? Do you care about their life? Do you care about their the things that are going on outside of church, outside of religion? When you want when you care for somebody, when you're trying to get them to come to the Lord, are you caring about their life? Are you caring about their job? Are you caring about the problems that they're having? Are you putting some of that salt in there of the word, salt of the Holy Spirit? You put it in there and oh, it makes it feel good because you feel that love. Otherwise, you give them a track and say, "Oh, yeah. Read this scripture and that scripture and and go ahead. There's no salt. There's no flavoring. You need to put you need to put that in there." But if you put too much salt, then the people kind of get used to it and then they're all about the salt and not about the food. Need to be careful. you take I can take I stole the salt from the kitchen. I'll bring it back. Um but I can I can say, "Brother Joe, have some have some salt, man. Here, put it in the teaspoon." Yeah. You want some? No, that's gross. I don't want that. Here's a teaspoon of salt. Joe, have it. No, I don't want that. But I'll take those. Yeah, but you take you take the same amount of salt and you just eat the salt plain. It's it's not good. There's no nutrients there. There's not much in here either. But you you you know what I'm saying? Go back to Stephanie's potatoes. They're much better with salt in the seasoning. And that's what we are. We bring the savor of the word. And that's what Jesus is saying. You bring the save of the savor of the word to other people through your life, through your love. And he's saying that you are the seasoning. You are what makes it taste good. Don't lose your flavor. The whole meal is depending on it. You are the salt of the earth. Jesus doesn't say he is. He says that you are such a beautiful it's a beautiful concept that the this what Jesus said that this is what it's not the flavor it's not the food. It's not the nutrients but we make it taste good. We represent it well. And that's all of us in our church friends. When people come in, when people visit, when you are visiting other people, not to get them into church, but to salt the Holy Spirit a little bit, to salt the word of God and make it to where, oh, I love that. I love it. It's just so good when we have a Bible study or whatever it might be. Oh, it just feels so good to read the B. I love it when this sister or this brother, I love it when they read the Bible because you can see it really comes out through them. It's because they love it. is because they are seasoning that word with love and they're not changing the word. It's the word that's beautiful. It's the word that has the nutrients. It's the word that's everything. They're just putting a little salt on it and making it making it palatable. Making it taste good. Psalm 34, we sing it often. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is he who hides in him. Taste and see. Taste this. Come and taste it. It's good. It's it's loving and it this is all part of we are part of this great this great plan of God. Verse number 14. You are the light of the world. A city is set on a hill cannot be hid. So Jesus goes from the salt. He says you are the salt of the world. Don't lose your savor. You know you are not the nutrients. I'm the nutrients. You're just making it taste good. And then he says, "You are the light of the world." But Jesus also said, "He's the light." But now he says, "You are the light. You are the light of the world. A city that is set on on a hill cannot be hid." The love of God shining from you, friends. Then nothing can hide it. You turn on a light in a dark room, that light is going to spread. That light is going to be what you see. The world should be looking at us, should be pointing up at that city on the hill. But if you notice a city on a hill, it's not one light. That's the best part about a city. When you're when you're driving into a to a city in the dark or or when you're hiking and you look at and you see the city down in the valley, you see that it's not one light. You see the whole city, but as you look close, it's a It's a million different lights and they all create one big beautiful light and it's different colors and different shapes and different sizes and it makes this beautiful light up on a hill and Jesus is saying that cannot be hid. Look at that. The world should be looking at you this city on the hill and each one of us has a light to shine forth. If you had just one light it wouldn't do much. You wouldn't even hardly see it. But man, you put a whole bunch of lights together, it is so beautiful. And he's saying here, he's saying, you're the light of the world and you're a city that's set on a hill and it cannot be hid. I want to read the lyrics to a song that um when I read this scripture, it uh it it really struck me. It brought my mind back to this song by casting crowns. And uh I don't think we've ever it's not really a congregational song, but it says this name of it is city on the hill. Listen to this. Do you hear of a city on the hill? said one man, said one old man to the other. It once shined bright and it would be shining still, but they all started turning on each other. You see, the poets thought the dancers were shallow, and the soldiers thought the poets were weak, and the elders saw the young ones as foolish, and the rich men never heard the poor man speak. But one by one they ran away with their with their madeup minds to leave it all behind. And the light began to fade in the city on the hill. Each one thought that they knew better. But they were different by design. Instead of standing strong together, they let their differences divide. And one by one they ran away with their madeup minds to leave it all behind. And the light began to fade in this city on the hill. And the world is searching still. But it was the rhythm of the dancers that gave the poets life. It was the spirit of the poets that gave the soldiers strength to fight. That song that Josiah that sang at the beginning, the battle hymn of the republic, it gave those soldiers strength. It gave them courage to go and fight the battle. But it wasn't the one that wrote the song that was fighting the battle. It was the rhythm of the dancers that gave the poets life. It was the spirit of the poets that gave the soldiers strength to fight. It was the fire of the young ones. It was the wisdom of the old. It was the story of the poor man that needed to be told. But one by one will will we run away with our madeup minds to leave it all behind as the light begins to fade in the city on the hill. And that's that city, friends. That's that city Jesus wanted to have. It's a city where there's all different colors, different shapes, different sizes, different brightnesses, different a different people. The the enemy wants us all to be the same. He wants us all to look the same, to act the same. He wants us all to stand at attention whenever the the politics say to do this or do that. But God wants diversity. God wants different people. He wants people that will stand up in their own way for what they believe like Stephen did. Stephen had a different calling than Abel had. Moses had a different calling than Abraham had. Esther had a different calling than the Apostle Paul. But they are all lights up on the hill shining. And each one of us has a different calling. But we are all lights up on the hill. And Jesus says, "Let those lights shine." Let's continue on. Listen to this verse. Where we at? Verse 15. And we'll close with this. The worship team can can come. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your father, which is in heaven. How beautiful is that? Let your light shine. Neither does a ma man light a candle and put it on a under a bushel, but he puts it on a candlestick so it can light up the whole house. And what's it lit lit up for? It's lit up for everybody else that everyone may see these good works and glorify not you, not me, but glorify your father which is in heaven. Let the salt, don't let the salt overwhelm the potatoes, but salt it just enough so you can taste that. So you can taste and see, so you can feel that presence of God because everyone is just bringing their own light into the into this building or bringing on their own light out into the world. This light of love and they are standing up. They are not weak Christians. They are strong Christians that know when to stand up and say, "No, I will not bow to that. I won't do it. I will still treat you in love. I will still love everyone. I will still keep my testimony. I won't lose my temper. I won't do I won't I won't spread a rumor. I won't fight with my mouth. But I will fight with my life. I will live this life as a Christian. And I will be that light. And now you can look to me because I am sweetening up the word. I'm making it to where here I am that light. Jesus says, "You are the light. I want to be that light. I want to be that light that lights up the room. I want to be one of those lights in that city of God that people can look to and see and and and want and just just admire it because it's God. You may look at God. God's the big He's the whole city. And he's proud. He's like, "These are all my little lights. These are all my little people." And each one of them has a little light. And not any light is more important than the other. We need all of those lights to light up this mountain. Now, if we are the light of the world, we let that light shine before the world. Let me read that 2 Timothy 3:1 again. This is the light that this is where we live, friends. Second Timothy 3:1 says this, "Know also, know this also that in the last days, perilous time shall come." We're there. I think we've proven we are there. In the last days, perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, and despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof from such turn away. But God has raised up a standard against that. Bible says we don't fight anymore with flesh and blood, but God has raised up a standard. He's put lights up on the hill. He has he has taken salt and put it into the the soup, put it into the potatoes to make it taste good. He has made us friends. He told us you are the salt of the world. We are the ones that make this Bible make it taste good. Because you know why the whole thing is because this Bible is living in me. This Bible is living in you. It's become alive in us. And it's not just a book anymore. It's a living breathing document that is bringing itself that is showing itself in my life and in your life. That's what Jesus is saying here in the opening parts of this sermon on the mount. I mean he said he prophesied he says basically they're going to kill me they're going to hate me and they're going to hate you. They're going to kill you but you'll be blessed for it. Because why? Because you're the salt of the earth. You are a city on the hill. You are a light, the light of the world. That's who you are, my son, my daughter. That's who you are. Now you go out and light up this world. Put the salt in the soup. You go out and light that candle. Take your place in that city on the hill. That is what it is. We'll move on. We'll continue on on this this sermon on the mount. Friends, it gets better. Oh, man. It's so beautiful. It's good. [Applause] I just I just want to put a little salt on it because it's the best food you could ever eat. Oh man, it is so good. Just open it up and you read it and then talk with each other and then you be that you be that light. You be that salt of the earth. Amen. You feel good? Let me tell you friends, you are the salt of the earth. You're a blessing. You're a blessing to me. I can see what what you all do for other people. I can see the love that you have. I know that Jesus, I believe he always wanted a church that would be identified, not because of how the pastor preaches the word, not because of the way that the congregation dresses, not because of the building, not because any of that. I think Jesus really wanted a congregation that could be identified by their love that they have one for another. And I think we have a good start. I just I'm so I feel good to be part of this. What's going on here? Do we have I know that we all want to be that salt. Do we want to sprinkle a little a little bit more? Is anyone Does anyone want to be baptized this morning? Eva, God bless you, sweet. This little this little girl, she is such a blessing to me. She writes me these little she She's a wonderfully talented artist and she draws little pictures of what I'm speaking of and then she'll give them to me after service and I can tell if I got a little bit too salty or I didn't have enough salt because one time she's she gave me a picture and you know a lot of times it's it's just you know the the the donkey that carried Mary or it's something like that that I'm preaching on. The other day she gave me one that said, um, I forgot the guy's name, but it was something the Mexican potato. I was like, well, I tried. I might have missed the mark on that one, but she's just a blessing. Sister Ava, God bless you. Appreciate your testimony. Anyone else that wants to be baptized, if you want to be baptized, go back and uh and see the um ushers back there and they will bring you up to the baptismal. Friends, it is not always the Christian's role to be quiet. It is not always the Christian's role to just give whatever anybody wants. There is a time and a place for that. But there is also a time and a place to stand up and preach the word and stand for what the word says. There is that time and I believe we are seeing today that evilness that was in the world. And it's the same evilness that crucified Jesus and laughed at him on the cross. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Let's put verse one up there. Brother Jeremy, &gt;&gt; I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tyrant's throne. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would reounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God they would not deny like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alance to the land. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alence to the lamb. Now the years. Now the years have come and the years have gone and the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost, to reject this world, to embrace the cross. And one by one, let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life. Till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us humbly stand. Oh, and boldly say, I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alce to the to the lamb of God to the lamb of God who bore my pain, who took my place, who bore my shame. I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alence to the lamb. Let's sing it with just our voices. I pledge alce to the lamb with all my strength. With all I am, I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alce to the lamb. I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alce to the lamb. Sing again. I will seek to honor. I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alce to the lamb. Amen. [Applause] Key of D. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. [Music] My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns [Music] unending love. Amazing grace. Sing that first verse. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my s Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Praise the Lord. young lady who I believe is a good example of a Christian to her friends and to all of us that are around. As I as I've said, she's salulted many of my sermons and I appreciate all that she's done and and I appreciate her role here at the church. She also helps out in the back and um she's just a she's a special special young lady. She's come here to be baptized. I asked, "Do you want to say something?" She said, "No." I think that she um she is that light, one of those lights that just shines out and and you don't necessarily have to say anything. You just you just let your light shine. Amen. Ava, you sure about this? I believe I believe you're ready. She talked with um talked with the family the other night. She has a wonderful testimony. She she's just she's a young lady that wants to serve God. And I'm a young man who wants to serve God, even with gray beard, Brother Joe. And all of you all are young people who want to serve God. We're all young in the Lord and we all want to grow in the Lord. God bless you. By your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] God bless you. I'll uh Josiah, I'll come down. I'll be down in a few minutes. In a couple minutes to close. God bless you, brothers and sisters. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. One second. One second. One second. We're all clapping at different times. Right here. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Hallelujah. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it stand up on your feet. [Music] This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a bushel. Hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bush. Oh no, I'm going to let it shine. Hallelujah. Hide it under a bush. Oh no, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let blow it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Sing that again. Don't let Satan blow it out. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it Let it shine till Jesus comes. Let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it We need to sing that again. Let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Till Jesus comes. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let's sing this little light one more time. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Woo! Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan, "Get me behind cuz victory today is mine." Sing that again. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind. Victory today is mine." When I woke this morning, when I woke this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. [Music] I got down on my knees and said, "Lord, help me please." I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." [Music] Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind. Victory today is mine." Happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. I told Satan, "Got to get me behind. Happiness today is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Oh joy today is cuz I told Satan get me behind joy today is mine. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Ah I feel good. I feel like I am one of those lights, Heath. I feel like I'm one of those lights that's set up on a hill and I feel good. I just Lord, thank you. Thank you for the salt of the earth. Thank you that I am placed in this body of believers and that I can be part with them and that I can make help make your word just taste good to the world. Doesn't it feel good friends? We are that Jesus said, not me saying Jesus said that we are the salt of the earth. Wow. And he says we're the light. And he says, "Don't hide that light. Let it shine. Let it shine forth to all men." Amen. Remember, no service tonight. I'm going to ask my friend, Brother Lionel, to close in prayer. Greetings to y'all and God bless. Did y'all hear anything good this morning? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You know, I I've been away for a while, me and uh me and my wife when we were out working the fires and stuff, and it's just a blessing to be able to come back this morning, get to see y'all, and to be able to be able to hear these words that we heard this morning. And uh I think that uh there's many places in the world where people are gathered this Sunday, but to look at you all and to realize that we are the ones right here this morning that God gave to each other. &gt;&gt; This is our family. &gt;&gt; We're part of a kingdom, &gt;&gt; an eternal kingdom that's made up of people everywhere. But this here is our family here. &gt;&gt; You're mine and I'm yours. It's just a blessing to be able to be here this morning and to know each one of you. Um, I just want to say a few words. Uh, in this world that we live in, we deal with a bunch of evil and we hear a bunch of things in the news and certain things that happen. You know, the whole thing with Charlie Kirk and everything and we hear all this negative stuff. But as the pastor Dan mentioned this morning, he seen a video. And on that video, it was a boy right here in the city of Tucson who was missing a leg. He had a prosthetic leg fitted to him. And this morning, he went down into downtown Tucson to run a race with the other people. the other people of Tucson that gathered for the race. Now, in that video that I seen, it renewed my faith in humanity in this day of evil because as he was running the race and he was hobbling and he was hopping and he was trying to make it to the finish line, There were some people who were the salt of the earth this morning. [Music] There were some people who let their light shine for just a moment in the darkness. Those people were the good people of this city, Tucson, Arizona. who ran behind the boy and didn't surpass him so they could win the race. They ran behind him to cheer him on, to get him to the finish line. That was a beautiful thing. And I thought, well, there's a message in that. There's a message in that for us because we are the salt of the earth for each other. each one of us the light God placed in us his light for each other. And as a brother was talking, I was thinking about that. And let me ask you a question. If the chariots of fire landed in front of this church this morning and they said, "Here we are. Chariots here to pick us up to take us to the other side." I wouldn't trample over brother Manny to get to that chariot or brother Heath or brother Daniel. I'd grab you guys and say, "Let's go, man. The chariots are out there waiting for us, man. They're here." As we went out this church, some might fall with a broken ankle or back or something. There wouldn't be one person left in this church. Wouldn't we gather each other and say, "Let's go. &gt;&gt; We're here. Let's make it to the end." &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's gather each other and go. That's the salt of the earth. That's the light. It's in us. Let's take it take it with us this week. Let's take it with us and let it let's do as they did in downtown Tucson. Let's season the path for somebody else through God's word. Let's let God's light shine through us for somebody. Let's let it happen through him, through his word, through his blood, through his mercy. Amen. Let's take it before him this morning in prayer. [Music] Father, as we come before you this morning, I ask you to bless this group of people here, Father, and those that are watching on through the video. Father, I ask you that your salt, the seasoning of your word, and your grace and mercy follow with us through this week, and that you be the light that shines through us, Father. For we know that you come down in earthly flesh and you didn't die for yourself. You died for us because you wanted us to be on that side with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You could have took the kingdom for yourself, but you seemed that you wanted us to be there with you. There was no kingdom going to be a kingdom without us, Father. And we thank you for that. We thank you, Father. Father, we ask you that your spirit goes with us. &gt;&gt; I ask you to bless everybody that's here today, Father. Let them be strong this week. Let them have the hearts of lions this week. &gt;&gt; Let them rise up, Father. Let them say, "We're not going to make it to the finish line by ourselves. We're going to bring our neighbors with us, our friends, our families, the city of Tucson. We're going to bring them with us to the finish line. Father, for there's a crossing of the old river Jordan. somewhere, Father. But there's a promised land somewhere, Father. And when we get there, we don't want to get there by ourselves. &gt;&gt; We want to bring everybody with us, Father. &gt;&gt; Let it be so. Let us gather. Father, let us take each other and carry each other to the finish line. &gt;&gt; Let it be the salt. Father, when we salt something to season it, it isn't just for ourselves. It's for our friends, for our neighbors, for our family. Father, when we light the path, it isn't for ourselves. It's so that somebody else don't stumble. Let your light be in us, Father. Your season be in us, Father. Let us forgive and let us love. Let us go on. Let us be strong this morning. Let us look at each other and say, "Here's the ones that were given to to me to us. Let us be there for each other. Father, we ask it in your precious name. In the name full of mercy and grace this morning, in the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God." &gt;&gt; Amen means so be it. Thank you, Father. [Applause] I'm gonna I'm gonna quote a great I'm going to quote a great man. He said, "Let's make heaven crowded." So, let's make heaven crowded this week. Amen. Brother Josiah, one more. Just before we go, let's sing Winds of Faith. There are two roads you can take. Take this with you this week. There are two roads you may take, [Music] one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see, what you believe [Music] is what will be. And set your wings to the winds of faith. [Music] You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. [Music] Set your wings to the winds of faith. And what's your need? And what's your cry? And what's your mountain? Much too high. Just speak the word of God. By and by, it will move or you will fly. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. [Music] Let your wings to the winds of &gt;&gt; Watch the eagle. Watch the eagle in the sky. [Music] He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power makes him bright is already in the sky. Oh, set your way to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind. Sing that again. Oh, set your way to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's my grace. [Music] Set your wings to the winds of faith. [Music] Amen. Song written by our worship leader's dad. Amen. Beautiful song. Sorry for the other worship leader. Your dad isn't going to write a song like that. I shouldn't say never. Friends, it's a good day. It's a good day to be a Christian. May God be with all of you. And uh remember, no service tonight. Service Wednesday. Brother Lyall will be ministering for us on Wednesday. God bless you. Be a light. Be a salt to the be the be a salt to the word. Be a salt to Christianity. Be a light to the world. May God be with you and guide you everyone. You're dismissed. [Music]
