################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Testimonies - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Testimonies
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Testimonies
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHqeWd11Qbs
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] How do you do? [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] The redeemed once my heart and soul. Once my heart and soul was fed by the binding by the binding chains of sin, but the great emancip but the great immensip. Oh yes, he set me free to worship him. Glory, glory. Oh, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, blessed be his holy name. Well, he's the great emancipate patron. And that's the song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb. And like a lost lamb, I was drifting. I was all so helpless and alone. God the seeking shepherd found me and led me to my father's home. Oh glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be his holy name and he's the great Emanipator and that's the song of the Let's sing verse one again. Once my heart once my heart and soul were f Better by those binding chains of sin above the great immensity. Somebody want to go free tonight. He set me free to worship him. Let's all stand to our feet. Oh glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, hallelujah. Oh, blessed be his holy name. Yes, he's the great emancipator. Oh, that's the song of the redeemed. Praise him. Amen. Shake somebody's hand and welcome them to the the Sunday evening testimony service. Down at the cross where my savior died. Glory to his name. We sing it a lot, but I never get tired of this song. Wasn't on the list. Amen. [Music] Even before moving here, this song just always made me think of Arizona cuz when we used to read the the supernatural books uh the story the life story of brother Brandham, he talked about being a young man out uh working on a cattle ranch and they would sleep under the stars out in the desert and this old cowboy would pull out a guitar and strum this song down at the cross where my savior died. So, I've always thought about Arizona, not knowing I was going to end up here one day. But more importantly, I think about what the Lord did for us, right? Amen. Let's sing this. Down at the cross where my Savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cried. Oh there to my heart was the blood applied. Oh gloryy to his name. Sing it tonight. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. Yes, there to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to verse two. Yes, I am so wonderously saved from sin. Oh, Jesus so sweetly abides within. Oh, there at the cross where he took me in. Singing gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, there to my heart was the bloodied. Gloryy to his name. Oh precious fountain. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me, keeps me clean. Oh, gloryy to his name. Glory, glory, gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Oh gloryy to the best verse. Come to the fountain. Oh, come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy po for soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge into today and be made complete. And sing it. Gloryy to his name. Let me hear you sing it. Oh, gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Oh, gloryy to his name. Let's clap our hands. [Music] [Music] Amen. One last time with all your heart. Oh, gloryy to his name. Yes. Gloryy to his wonderful name. Clear to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, gloryy to his [Music] name. Now, brother Daniel, open up in prayer. [Music] Praise the Lord. God is good all the time. Amen. Elijah, good to see you, my friend. God bless you. Welcome, Heath. You brought your boy, sis. What's your name? I'm Danielle. Danielle, I can remember that. My name is Daniel. Welcome. God bless you, sister. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, we thank you that you gave us a such a nice service this morning. And Lord, you gave us a good day. Any day that you give us is a good day. Lord, we are thankful. We're we're grateful to you. And we pray that that you would join us in this service tonight as we share testimonies of what God has done in our lives. And Lord, we just pray that it would be pleasing to you and it would be an encouragement to everyone here that you are alive, Father. You are the great and mighty God. You change not. Lord, you've done miracles for thousands of years. And and there are thousands of years of testimonies written in this Bible. And Lord, we want to add our testimonies to those that that have endured through the ages. bless this evening, Father, we pray and bless our service in Jesus name. Amen. You can all have your seats. We got a couple songs tonight. We're going to sing He Touched Me and uh when we get to the second verse, Sister Naomi and Brother Michael, if you'd make ready once we get to the second verse. He touched me. Kia D. I was shackled by a heavy burden neath the load of guilt and shame. Then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer the same. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy that floods my soul. Something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Since I've met Sister Naomi. Oh, since I met this blessed Savior, and since he's cleansed and made me whole, I will never cease to praise him. I'll shout it while eternity rose. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me and all the joy that floods my soul. Yes, something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. So, I've been uh reading the um Christ is a mystery of God revealed and and then also another book that speaks of the plan of redemption and this song came to mind. If you guys know it, sing it with us. Um, but it just kind of speaks with the plan of redemption and how it is finished and the battle is over and you when Christ died, it was finished. The plan of redemption. This song's been on my heart. So, I want to sing it tonight. [Music] There's a line that is drawn through the angels. On that line stands an old ruging cross. [Music] On that cross, a battle is raing [Music] for the gain of men's soul for its loss. [Music] On one side are the fores of evil. all the demons, all the devils of hell and on the other the angels of glory and they meet on God's hill. The earth shakes with the force of the [Music] conflict and the sun refuses to shine. For there hangs God's son in the balance. And in through the darkness he cries, "It is finished. The battle is over. It is finished. There'll be no more war. It is finished. The end of the conflict. It is finished and Jesus is Lord. Yet in my heart the battle was still raised. Jean, not all prisoners of war had come home. These were battlefields of my own making. I didn't know that the war had been won. But then I heard that the King of the Asian, he had won all my battles for me. And the victory is mine for the claiming. And now praise his name. I am [Applause] free. Cuz it is finished. The battle is over. It is finished this. There'll be no more. It is finished. The end of the conflict. It is finished. And Jesus is over. Oh, it is finished. The battle is over. It is finished. There will be no more war. It is finished. The end of the conflict. Oh, it is finished. And Jesus is Lord. It is finished. And Jesus is Lord. Jesus is [Music] [Applause] Lord. Thank you for that. Was wonderful. Let's sing the blood. Another one I didn't send back before the service. The blood will never lose its [Music] power. Verse one. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Let's sing that first verse again. The blood. The blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Aren't you thankful for that? Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Sister hope, if you'd come, get ready. It soothes my doubts and calms my fears. Oh, and it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches for it reaches [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. It's one more time. For it reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. It will never Oh, it will never lose it. Say that again. It will never lose. Oh, it will never lose. It's one more time. It will never lose. Oh, it will never lose its power. Sister hope. I wanted to say that um um this song I chose it because I don't want hope buckles to exist anymore but Christ and Christ alone to be lived through me. Brother Graham said that we can live so close to the Lord that the devil doesn't know what to do with us. And that's what we're all looking to the Lord to transform us into. [Music] From Bethlehem's ranger came forth a strangeanger on earth. to be like him. My faithful Savior, how rich his faith on earth I long. Sing it with me. to be like him. to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus on earth. Are you to be like him? All through like straight from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. and holy, oh [Music] obient on earth I long to be like him by grace forgi and air of heaven on earth. I long to be like him to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus on earth. I know to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth. I want to be like [Music] him. All three life's journey from earth to glory. [Music] I only ask to be like him. I only ask to be like him. [Music] [Applause] Thank you, Sister Hope. Just a closer walk with thee right along those same lines to be like Jesus. Key of G. I am weak, but thou art strong. I am weak, but thou art strong. [Music] Oh Jesus, keep me from all. Oh, I'll be sisfied as [Music] long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Music] Just a closer walk with thee. Oh, granted Jesus is my plea. Oh, daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be through this world and through this world of [Music] to falter. Lord, who cares? [Music] You with me my burden shares. None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Oh, just a closer walk with me. Granted, Jesus is my dream. [Music] daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be when my fever and when my feal life is over. [Music] Time for me will be no more. Oh God, move gently, safely, oh to thy kingom shore. To thy shore. Brother Daniel, if you're a group, get ready. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to [Music] thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be just a closer walk. One more time. Just a closer walk with thee. Oh, grant it Jesus is my plea. Oh, daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] [Music] I searched the world but it couldn't fail me. Man's empty praise and treasures of fate are never enough. Then you came along and put me back together. Every desire is now satisfied. here in love. Oh, there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] I'm not afraid. to show you our weakness, my failures and flaws. Lord, you see them fall and you still call [Applause] me. Cuz the God of the mountain is the God of the valley. There's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who cares. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame to glory. You're the only one who can. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Let's just give another hand for all those wonderful specials. Key is here. I believe key of G or key of G I think. Let's just stand one more time. be sitting a lot during this service. Just as we sing this song, Brother Daniel's gonna take it from here. Let's sing this. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Hallelu. He is here. [Music] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. Oh, he is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is he. You can touch him. You will never be the same. One more time. He is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Amen. There's no service that is complete without reading the word of God. Let's open our Bibles to the book of Psalms. Let's go to Psalm 1. [Music] [Music] Psalm 1, it reads like this. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law does he meditate day and night. [Music] And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit. In his season, his leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff, which the wind driveth away. Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. Amen. You can be [Music] seated. The word of God written in in the Psalms. And what a way it is to start that book. So tonight we will um we'll share a few testimonies. Uh, brother Paul, I'll give a testimony first and then uh if you would come up after I give a testimony and then I would like Josiah to go after you and then I will take the microphone into the audience and and we can share more testimonies. I just I wanted to thank the Lord. I got a friend here and Heath and I have we were friends a long time ago and we uh spent a lot of time in the mountains together and a lot of time just fellowshipping and rejoicing in the Lord and laughing and and just just feeling good. And I ended up leaving Tucson, moved to Jeffersonville. And after I don't know, 16 years there, I I just had it on my heart, I got to come back home. And I was praying that way. And and when the Lord lays something on your heart, it's best to pray about it and then give it time because we will make mistakes. No matter how sure you may be of something, still keep putting this into the hands of the Lord and and asking Lord, is this just me or is this you? And it was the Lord that um that he wanted us to come back home to Tucson. And he opened up the door and as soon as I was offered the position that I I have he um I started praying, Lord, I'd like to see Heath again. I uh I miss him and and I would go back to the good times that we used to have in the mountains and and the friendship that we had and and I started calling friends. I called my brother-in-law David who was a deacon at North Side when you were there and and he gave me a phone number. The phone number didn't work. And if you know brother Heath, his phone numbers work for about one month and uh then he gets a new one. Two months. All right. Well, I'm sorry. Sorry, brother. I didn't mean to underestimate you, but no, nobody everybody I called um didn't know where he was. And I had heard that no, Heath had uh had backsliden and hadn't hadn't been serving God and and he had had some trouble in life. And and my heart just really started to burn. I I really wanted to see my friend again. So we come out here and started attending shalom church um with brother Po as pastor and and asked around there. No, nobody get in touch with Heath. And I thought, "Oh Lord, I just it's longing in my heart. I want to see my old friend." And brother Israel had asked me to speak and I was uh it was on my heart and that even that day I wanted to see my friend and it had been uh probably 16 years since we had seen each other since we' even talked. And that day, that morning, I woke up and I he was on really on my heart. I asked the Lord, "Lord, please let me see him." And I believe it was that evening, this big bearded guy walks into service. I look out there and it's Heath. And I know, friend, that the Lord answers our prayers. And and brother, let me tell you, we're in this together. And we love each other. And pray for one another, friends. If you have a burden on your heart from an old for an old friend or a family member or whatever it might be, reach reach out that hand. the book of Jude, it uh Jude is is saying that he says this. He says, "But ye beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." And of some have compassion making a difference and others save with fear pulling them out of the fire hating even the garment spotted by the flesh. We need to be willing friends if if you have a burden on your heart for someone a loved one you got to be willing even to put your hand in the fire. And if you put your hand in the fire, you're probably going to get burned. But it's worth it. It's worth trying. It's worth reaching out. I just seen you here, Elijah, and um I just brings me back a long time ago when you're just a a baby, right? Yeah. and you came over to our house and Heath uh was a little late, walked up, knocked on the door and I looked at him and he was distraught. He looked really bad. We were having him over for dinner. You know, me and Stephanie were recently married and we we had um we've been married a couple years and we had at least Meline. I think we probably had Daniel, too. and we had these these two babies and we were excited in our house and we're having Heath over and and he walks up and the first thing he said was, "Dude, Bria threw up in the in the van. That's what kids do when they all over." Oh man, it was just Praise God, you know. Praise God for friends and and good times. And Elijah, I think you were just a little squirt, you know, then. And you know, I'm probably tearing stuff up in my house, but uh bro, it's good to see you, Heath, you know, and and um we're going to get through this life together, and we're going to I firmly believe we're going to sit across that table at that wedding supper, and we're just going to rejoice in all the the greatness of the things that have happened here. Um, brother Paul, if you would come up. Brother Paul shared a testimony with us with me this morning, and I thought this would be really good for the the church to hear. As I said earlier, we're having a testimony service tonight. Um, so feel free as the Lord leads you to share a short testimony with us when when we get out and I start bringing the microphone around in the audience. God bless you. Well, this is a little bit of a surprise. I didn't know I was going to be called up here. Um, this morning I shared with brother Daniel that, um, in the middle of the service, uh, I had written down I use my journal to take notes while in church and also to do my devotionals in the morning. And uh on the same entry for today, I had I had completely forgotten about all the stuff that I had written this morning. And uh in the middle of the service, at some point um the Holy Spirit kept nudging me to go back and read what I had written this morning for my devotionals. And it just really tickled me because of the the Lord just I totally forgot what I had written and it just went perfectly with the service. And I I had no idea where brother Daniel would be going this morning, but I'll just go ahead and share with you uh what I wrote this morning in my journal. Um but to give you a little bit of insight, um I don't think any of us really feel like we have an an amazing prayer life. Um I myself I know every day um every moment um I'm communing with the Holy Spirit. Um but I'm still not content. And when it comes to my actual private time, I'm definitely not satisfied. Uh I could I hope I hope that I have that hunger every day. Um, but I expressed that here in my journal. So, I don't The reason I'm giving you a little bit of insight is because you're gonna Oh, wait. Paul doesn't have a prayer life. Anyway, this is my entry. And I I didn't write this for you all. This is this is personal, but it's good. It'll bless you. Uh and sometimes um also when when I go to to put an entry in sometimes I just and you may experience this as well um you just release yourself to the Holy Spirit. And for me sometimes I wish it happened more often than it does but I just it feels like the Lord is riding through me because none of it's premeditated. And that's what happened here. You're feeling like you're feeling like you're lukewarm or backslid because you don't have a prayer life, but God isn't measuring your performance. It's not about you. Get your focus off your stinking no good self. You are dead and your life is now so hid in God that Jesus Christ can't even see you. You're not all that important. I don't know why you pay so much attention to you. Don't you know you become what you behold? You are accepted in the beloved. It is impossible to please God except by faith. You know something you said earlier, Sister Hope, before you sang that song, it just hit me. I I was like, I got to tell her this, but I don't remember exactly what you said, but we all want to die, right? But the fact is, you're already dead. It's not about It's not about your performance. It's not about you. Did Christ die? There's there's where you are. Did he rise again? There you go. Your life and and it was preached this morning so beautifully. Colossians 3:3, for you are dead and your life is hid where I I'm not called to preach, but boy, I could. Um, is there any darkness at all in Christ? No. reach you. Yeah, I can't. I wish I could. But you know this is this is all really good and there but there is a point where this becomes it drops to 18 in and the prophet called it stimulation of revelation. I often call it the joy of my salvation. And I I'm telling you the honest truth. There probably I doubt there's a day that goes by where I'm not just crying out to God for the joy of my salvation to be restored or that stimulation of revelation. I need it every day. And when this very simple message hits the 18 in, that's salvation. That's the stimulation of revelation. And that's what we all need. And uh I'm crying out for it right now. [Applause] It blessed me that he was writing this before even the sermon this morning which was on Colossians chapter 3. And he quoted to himself, I don't even know if he knew where this scripture was, but it was my opening scripture this morning. for you are dead and your life is hid with Christ in God. You know, when we when we don't when we're searching for something and and and there's something in us that is crying out and sometimes it feels so much it's like Lord, are you even listening to me? I haven't had an experience in a long time. I'm I'm just Lord, I'm just going through life. Is my life worth anything? Lord, what about me? It's been so long since you've spoken with me. And then in time, many times the time you least expect it, he steps in and he says, "No, son. No, daughter. I'm here." And then he might give you a scripture. He might give you a word like he gave to brother Paul. When brother Paul told me this testimony, I thought, you know, Josiah has a has a similar one. And so I asked brother Josiah, I said, "Hey, would you mind sharing the sharing your testimony of some of the things that you wrote down?" And Josiah was he was struggling with the same thing that I just said that I struggle with many many all the time like, "Lord, where are you? Have you forgotten about me? are you going to speak to me? And then the Lord blessed our brother and I want him to share his testimony now very similar to brother Paul's. When I told brother Daniel this testimony, I actually instantly regretted it. Um I would much rather sing. It's it's just that doesn't make me nervous, but to talk You know, a few words between each song is fine, but to actually share a whole length speaking words, don't envy I don't envy it at all. Um, one thing and and what brother Daniel said is exactly right. It, you know, there was a a long time even over the last couple years where it's like, man, I don't feel like I've uh heard from the Lord. But the funny thing is, and what I feel like the Lord kind of opened my eyes to was uh hearing from the Lord is your choice. Hearing from the Lord's your choice. I repeat myself a lot if you haven't noticed. So, I'll say the same thing three or four times in a row for my benefit. Just be patient with me. But if I was gonna say to my wife, I haven't heard from brother Lyall in a long time. Why is that? Why haven't I heard from Brother Lyle? She's like, "Well, have you called him? Have you gone to go get coffee with him? Have you invited him out to eat? Have you asked him something? Have you asked him a question? How how's the family doing, Brother Ly?" To to get a response, it's my choice to do that. And if I don't do that, I might never hear from him. And that's that is your choice. So, Brother Daniel preached a few weeks back that uh he got up. He's changed something in his life that he got up a half hour before he was supposed to get up and that week. So, so he said that he would he would get up a half hour before he usually got up and dedicate that time to the Lord. So, that was a Sunday. And I thought, man, I should do that. But that week I had a pretty big job and I had to get up really early every morning to beat the heat on the job site. And so I was like, so I'm already getting up at 4:45. So then I'd have to get up in half hour earlier than that. And I was like, I'm going to do it. And I had that whole week. I was like, I'm going to do it every day this week and get up and uh start breakfast and then just take a half hour or even 20 minutes and just give that time to the Lord. And what do you know? He'll talk back. When you reach out, he'll also reach out. And so I was like, well, what do I read? He's kind of just sitting down there like I could just read the verse of the day or do something like that. But that's not really that's not that's not going to sustain you. Just getting up and reading the verse of the day every day. That's fine. But you need to have your own personal plan. say, "I'm gonna read I'm gonna start Matthew 1, and tomorrow I'm going to read Matthew 2, and the next day I'm going to read Matthew 3 and go through it for what the Bible wants to tell you, not for the program that feeds you the verse a day. Might be fine. I can't." But uh, see, now that threw me off. I was I was I was moving, but I I was just like, "Okay, Colossians So, I started reading Colossians. And what do you know, brother Daniel? I didn't know he was going to start Colossians, but I started reading Colossians that week a few verses at a time, getting through working my way through the chapter. And then, Brother Daniel comes out. We're starting this series on Colossians, and it was like, "Oh, I haven't had something like that happen in a long time." It was so wonderful. And then I say all that because I I feel like the Lord really showed me this last night. after Katie had fallen asleep and uh I was lying there in bed and Psalm 1, which brother Daniel read, which he knew I was going to talk about Psalm 1, so he thought it would be a good idea to read it, which is uh blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord. Amen. And in his law he meditates day and night. Amen. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water. That bringeth forth fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. Sounds sounds too good to be true. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. I just want to take a little bit to explain how this was so convicting to me. The first half of this, the first half, if we could go back to verse one, blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth. So those three things, they all have to do with others. They all have to do with other people. This this hypothetical person could be us during different parts of our lives who is standing in the way of sinners who is walking in the counsel of the ungodly and eventually sitting in the seat of the scornful. Now the first part you're actually taking an action. You're walking in the counsel of the ungodly. You're choosing to do that. And same with the standing in the way of sinners. You're choosing to take a stand. And then the third part, you're sitting, which there's so much could be said about that cuz now you're not even standing for anything anymore. You're just sitting and you're scorn. You're being scornful about others who choose to take a stand. I'm going somewhere with this. Nevertheless, you're choosing. You are you are choosing. I'm going to sit in the seat of the scornful. And the second half isn't like that at all. So if you could put up verse two, but his delight, so instead of that, his delight is in the law of the Lord. Nobody else involved. The first part walking in the counsel of the ungodly. You're with you're in the way of sinners. You're in the seat of the scornful. This part has nothing to do with anyone else. It says, "This man's delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law doth he meditate day and night." First half's amongst others. The second half is completely personal and it doesn't require anyone else to do anything for you. Now, I wanted to come to church and just let the Lord speak to me through the pastor, through the songs, through whatever it was. But this is a personal thing. This man is choosing to delight. That's the other thing. Delighting in the law of the Lord is a choice. You choose what you're going to delight in. I heard a story about a guy who didn't like seafood, but the more he ate it, the more he liked it. It's simple. You choose whether you're going to delight in the law of the Lord, whether you are going to make that happen, whether you're going to make the time to hear from brother Lyall. Now, it is a choice to meditate on the law of the Lord. The other thing I want to say is David when he wrote this had Leviticus and Deuteronomy and Numbers and Genesis. He didn't even have Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, much less the Gospels. So he's saying to meditate on those five books of Moses. Can you imagine? David is saying this, this man's delight is in those things. And we have volumes of the greatest story ever told to sit and meditate on day and night. And what happens when you do this next verse? He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth fruit in his season. He'll be like a tree because what is what is a tree that's constantly by the water? Is constantly getting fed. It's constantly drinking. So, you're choosing to meditate on these things. And if you're like a tree in this metaphor and you're choosing to med you're choosing to meditate on these things day and night, it's like you're just being watered nonstop. Non-stop hearing from God non-stop. No wonder no wonder it says whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. If you are constantly meditating on the things of God, constantly thinking in each you're, you know, you're going to work, you're driving there, you're coming home, whatever you're doing, decisions you're making day and night, meditating on his word. No wonder whatever. No, whatever. Now it the thing I thought about is but wait a minute we all go through hard times and it's not always going to be easy and I often use that type of thing as an excuse. Well, this is just a hard time. This is just a low point. But it says you continue to do this and it'll bring forth fruit in the in the season. So if you take two people that have been dished a hard time like say Hitler and Abraham Lincoln, they both lost their mothers. They both lost Hitler lost his older brother or his younger brother who was his best friend. Abraham Lincoln lost uh the girl who he wanted to marry who he was deeply in love with. Two two completely opposite people who were fed very terrible things. One his life grew up reading the Bible, meditating on scripture. Abraham Lincoln, that was one of the only books he read growing up. And one of them heeded to only the wicked things that came into his life. They were both fed the same thing. So you can't say hard times are an excuse cuz they were both thrown horrendous things in their life, but produced one fruit in season and one fruit in a different season. And the la the next verse, the ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. They're not planted like that tree. Just the next thing. Oh, they're walking in the counsel of the ungodly. Then they're standing in the way of the sinner. Then they're sitting in the seat of the scornful. They're never grounded. There's no solidarity. There's no there's no future. There's no fruit in the season to come. And they won't stand. The next verse, the ungodly shall not stand in the jud in in in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. And the next verse, for the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous. Of course, he knows it because it's his way. He's the one who gave them those things to meditate on. That's what they've been feeding on their whole life. And the Lord will say, "I know that way. That's the way I have chosen for you. And so the Lord opened this psalm to me. Delighting in his law is a choice. Hearing from him is a choice. And in the end, the Lord will know it because it's his way. And isn't it wonderful the imagery? A tree like the by the water. Isn't that a wonderful thing? Praise God. I hope that made some sense. Both those brothers said, "Well, I can't preach. I can't do it." Yes, you can. And you did a very, very good job. Praise the Lord. What Brother Josiah didn't say was that uh the Lord gave him this these things in the middle of the night. He got up in the spirit and just started writing as fast as he could go. I guess typing probably, but just recording and recording what the how the Lord was dealing with them. Okay. Testimony first. Yes. Right now. Okay. Good. Well, we have we'll start. I'm getting to the age where I'll forget in a minute. Why don't you why don't you go out here so so the camera so as brother Josiah and brother Paul gave their testimony I know I get the opportunity but you know if you ask of the Lord he will answer he doesn't say only the perfect and only the good ones he said call upon the name of the Lord I was when my girls were growing up I um I was driving down the road and I said I wonder if the girls are all cut up in their insurance cuz I said, "You can have a car when you can afford the insurance." So, I called the insurance agent and I asked him, I said, "Are my girls all paid up in their insurance?" And these were his words. He said, "Aaron, if all the kids were like your kids, we wouldn't have the problems we have today. They pay their insurance and if they're going to be a day late, they let me know." Well, that I mean dad got happy and kind of like thank you Lord. But as soon as that happened I said now Lord where where are they between how is it between them and you what kind of assurance is there? And the Lord said like Job who laid a sacrifice every morning in case his children had sinned and they were married children. I was just reading through it right now. If you take and read the first few verses of chapter one in Job. He laid a sacrifice every morning in case his children had sinned. It made the ride to work a blessed ride. So, I I was doing some studying and God will confirm it. He'll make it so you can't miss it. And I was doing some uh studying the message for some thoughts I was having. And I'll find something that maybe Brother Bam said I'm looking for. And that's the quote. But I'll read three or four lines up and three or four just to get the filling of the hole. And brother Bam says like any good father like Job, he would lay a sacrifice every morning for his children. Amen. And each one of you are a children child of God. Yeah. And he loves you. That sacrifice that we can lay before the Lord every morning for our children, it should be our prayers. lay those before the Lord. And believe me, that's time well spent. Someone else. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Um, this is actually I'm nervous. Um Um I never uh had a testimony. um never well I have a testimony but I just want to say and uh I'm just grateful for Pastor Daniel here, brother Manny, brother Johnny, brother Aaron, and all the deacons and and and just everyone here in the congregation, my aunt Janie, Eva, you know, they've been a really uh my aunt Christy and uh Lo, on and on. I can just go I mean uh a huge family that I have and and all of you. Um I love the Lord. That's first and foremost. I love the Lord with all of my heart and soul. Um I wouldn't if it's a choice, you know, it's a it's a it's a choice like brother Josiah spoke to us. You know, it's a decision for us to come to him and and we have for free more agency to either do right or wrong in our lives. And that's a choice. You know, I speak of a message how brother Brandham spoke of the world spinning and and the world spinning in blood and he was goes into the bar and he sees a a lady, you know, just deep in sin and she was just drinking. And many of you may know that story and um that's one thing that I remember is just the world spinning in blood. How Jesus just covers the whole earth and he's always there for us. He never takes his blood away from us. Um, we're saved. You know, he he died on the cross for all of our sins. Um, I I have a uh I want to make this quick. You know, um I spent 15 years in prison um for armed robbery. Um was raised reared in the word all of my life. You know, I was dedicated here as a as a child right here in the front. Um when brother Green was here. Um, I never been, uh, you know, I came searching for the Lord. You know, I came with open arms. I came here to the altar. Brother, uh, Pastor Daniel was here. You know, I didn't I didn't really know anyone. I just knew that this was a place of refuge uh, for me. Um, and the Lord just really touched my heart. You know, I cry out. I have a lot of of uh, pain. You know, I've I've been through a lot. We all have um been through our own our own um trials and tribulations in life and we can't judge one another. We can't say oh you know you did that, you did that. Oh, you you're you're a worse sinner. You're you're this. You know, um God's mercy and grace and love has covered us all and he saved us. Um and we've got to cry out to him though. There's a there's a choice. Um through my time, you know, I I always thought of, you know, being read in church that it was either um oh, my mom, my dad, you know, and this and that, you know, it my brother passed away from fentanyl um overdose, you know, my father passed away um from dementia while I was in prison. Um and it was really hard on me, you know. Um I can't begin to tell you the things are expressed to you what I've been through things I cannot even say um here uh you know just by the children being here and things like that. Pastor Daniel knows more um more in depth of what I've been through. Um 15 years in prison, you know, I was always reading the word. I never I I backslid, you know. I was I was in a backsliding condition. And it was a place of where you are in a place of war. You know, it's kind of like a war. You you don't you don't have a choice. You're in a place of demonic powers. I mean, you see it left and right in in that in a prison state. And I have to be open. It's hard for me, but also this is I have to be honest here, you know, uh seeing um just everything that everyone's been through. Brother Manny, you know, I I I w I was I always I stream, you know, and I stream and I'm I go back, you know, try to catch up on all the brothers and sisters, what they've been through. Um, and brother Manny's testimony, brother Johnny's testimony. It was something that just was shocking to me. I just couldn't. I was like, well, if these brothers can get on the microphone and speak these things, you know, I feel I can. Um, I I just know that religion and and a mom's religion or a father's religion, it's not going to save me. That that's not going to save me one bit. I've been it at 17 years old. I just left and I was like, I'm gone. But afterwards, you know, I wasn't baptized. You know, at that point, I wasn't baptized. I just was like, I'm done with this. I left when I was at 20 years old, you know, I went and did armed robbery. Was sentenced to 17 and a half years in prison. Did 15 years. Barely been out maybe about a year and a half. So, this is hard. This is a very serious thing. But I love the Lord. I always would hear hear the word. I would open up Brother Brandham's messages day in day out reading the reading the word, crying out. I cry a lot because there's just I love the Lord. My tears are for for God. I just I just I love him so much. And I'm here and I come here on my own accord, you know. Um I just I see brother Lyall, you know, how he how he speaks. It's beautiful, you know, how he in said has different voices, you know, he has and you know, it's encouraging and and he's he's just really he's he's a brother filled with the Holy Ghost and and I really and I really love that. You know, we all love the Lord. You know, we're here because of the Lord because he died for us. We're making a stand like saying we're rejecting the world. We don't want nothing of the world. We don't want the sin, but we also live in a place where there's sin. It's constantly around. Satan is an adversary and he's always trying to get us. No matter what we do, what we say, he's trying to always He's a, like I always say, he's a roaring lion, but he's a lion with no teeth. He's a bee with no sting. You know, he just buzzes and and you know, um, Brother Brandham says in a message, he's he's just thunder, you know, and I'm not sure the exact message, but he does say it. He says he's just all thunder, but God is lightning, you know. He just he just he that's all he is just a big threat. Um, I just want to say um I want to say one thing that our pastor was um speaking on and one one second in Colossians um one second in Colossians uh u scripture that uh really came to mind says We're all strengthened with his with with all might according to his glorious power unto all patience because I we need patience sometimes. I need patience. I am I am sometimes I lack that you know um and longsuffering with joyfulness. Longsuffering means you know we need to be there. It's it's a longsuffering you know with joyfulness. Don't you got to do it with joy. Giving thanks unto the father in in in Colossians chapter 1 verse uh 11 through4 giving thanks unto the father which has made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance. We're we we have an inheritance. We have a crown um of the saints of light who has delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son in whom we have redemption through his blood even the forgiveness of sins. So I I look back and I and I talked to our pastor many times. I I call him, you know, sometimes daily just I I'm I'm not I'm not a perfect Christian, you know, I have I have my problems. Believe me, I have my problems. But when you are in a in a state of prison for that long, you better seek wisdom and counsel from your pastor. You know, the word teaches us that you see seek wisdom from your pastor, from my my elder brother Aaron. I speak to him. I'm crying. Uh, believe me, I I I'm sometimes just I feel just dirty and just shame and and uh I just I know that in this congregation that I see the Holy Spirit indwelling in the in the brothers and sisters here. It's evident, you know, it's very evident here. Um this morning I got up, I didn't sleep well, you know. Um I was I was kind of uh just low. My spirit was low and I came and just the service and the preaching and everything. I seen a sister here standing up raising her. I don't know your name sister but you know it's respect to the elders and it's to those that are have been in and just it where two or three are gathered he's here. I hear the music. Um I cry man. I I but all of my tears are for the Lord. You know, I I have so much to say. I didn't plan nothing to speak, but my Psalms I'm going to read a Psalms to you that's always been my Psalms. When I've been in prison in darkness and and um and in these situations, I I just this is the Psalms I just want to share with you. I I have so much to say, but um one second. Psalms 51 has always been my Psalms, you know. Um I know the word. I know the Lord. I I know I I've I just know but but the thing is not it's it's it's doing um have Psalms 51. I'm just going to say this. I don't I'm I'm nervous. I didn't plan to really speak um speak much, but I just want to share this with the congregation. I hope that this touches your heart to us. I I don't know. Um, but let the Lord just uh lead us. Have mercy upon me, oh God, according to thy loving kindness, according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies. Blot out my transgressions. Wash me thoroughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin. For I acknowledge my transgression, and my sin is ever before me. Against thee, thee only have I sinned, and have done this evil in thy sight, that thou mayest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgest. Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and sin did my mother conceive me. Behold, thou desireest truth in the inward parts, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. Purge me with high soap, that I shall be clean. Wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow. Make me to hear joy and gladness that the boss that has broken may rejoice. Hide thy face from my sins, and blot out all mine iniquities. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation, and uphold me with thy free spirit. Then will I teach transgressor transgressors thy ways and sinners shall be converted unto thee. Deliver me from bl guiltness. Oh God, thou God of my salvation, and my tongue shall single out of thy righteousness, oh Lord, open thou my lips, and my mouth shall show forth thy praise. For thou desireest not sacrifice, else I will give it. Thou delightest not in burnt offerings. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and contrite heart. Oh God, thou will not despise. Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion. Build thou the walls of Jerusalem. Then shalt thou be passed pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness with burnt offerings and whole burnt offerings that thou and shall thy and shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar. I just want to I just want to say thank you to everybody for having me and um and uh just pray for me. I just really really pray for me and and and um that's the strongest thing is is prayer. Um I just want to thank you. God bless you all. [Applause] We see how important a church is, friends. And one day, Brother Jonathan might share his testimony with us and what he's been through. And he's been through a lot, this young man. But God bless God blessed us by bringing him to us. [Applause] Um, I just wanted to to thank the Lord. Um, so about a week ago, uh, just a quick testimony. Um, my stomach, uh, I've been having a lot of problems with it over the last couple years. Uh, and, um, it started like three years ago. So, I I was working up on the roof and I had a really sharp pain uh in my stomach, worse than I've ever had. Um and I got so sick and I I just I was actually bedridden for a couple days and and it took months and months to get better. Um and for a while I'd been good. It come back and it go away. Uh but two weeks ago uh I think I don't know if it's just a lot of stress uh my job um a lot of things piled up and I actually I got two letters from the Arizona Department of Revenue and that uh that pushed me I think that just that was the thing that broke that was the straw that broke the camel's back. Uh, and I I saw those letters. They actually they didn't turn out to be anything bad. They underpaid me and they wanted to give me more money. But I just saw them and I was like, "Ah, this is all I need now." And and I was driving. Normally I'll have a medicine or, you know, something that I can grab. But I was driving and my stomach just started, you know, gnawing. And the pain is so bad it like wraps around on my back. And I was just, it was a miserable drive. And I couldn't do anything. And I stopped by the Circle K. They didn't have medicine. I don't. So, I got home and I finally took the medicine that I take and um kind of calmed down, but the the pain kind of lingered and I was just worried cuz if I don't catch it in time, I don't know if it does damage or what. Um, so I I put in a prayer request and um, honestly uh, honestly the next day it felt better and it it felt pretty much healed. Uh, I know that the brothers here in church were asking me, are you better? Are you better? I was like, well, I think I'm mostly better. it it was better and uh you know I stopped taking the medicine and I was able to eat whatever I want uh yesterday and today and I'm fine. So just wanted to thank the Lord. Believe it was Habacook that said the just shall live by faith. We put our faith in these prayers and and turn it over to the Lord and he always answers. Did I miss one? We'll let your wife go first. Did you want to go? I just want to say um thank you for the church for praying for the fire at my parents' farm about a month ago. They were at church service at Easter Service meetings and a fire broke out. Um a wildfire broke out about a just a couple or a mile away from the house and my parents have a large ranch that I grew up on. And when they were coming home that night, um the road was all closed off and they didn't even know any information, but it was a neighbor that called them and said, "Hey, there's a fire. Where are you guys?" And they were like, "We're at church." But when they got home, they got through the police um barricade and they got home and the police said, "You know, your farm was one of the lucky ones that weren't even touched." And he said, "It was really interesting." He said an hour ago, and it was right around the time when we um asked for a prayer, but he said about an hour ago, the wind changed and that fire moved into the um Elk Island Park National Park and it started burning there. And so anyway, the fire is out and I just want to say thank you for all your prayers. They appreciated it. Just want to read one scripture in 1 Timothy 66. But godliness with contentment is great gain. And I was thinking about an anchor. And I'm so glad the anchor on a ship is tied to the ship. So when you drop your burden in that sea, you can leave it there. Amen. And then you can say hello on. So just a little encouragement. Amen. Praise God. This actually is one of my sister's testimony, but I asked her if I could share it. Um, so Friday night we had a family night and um after the family night my sister left and her car stopped working at the light down the road and uh so I had left and we live in the same direction. So I passed her and asked if she wanted me to stay and she's like no I'll be here a while. So I went to drive away and then I just felt to stay. So I kind of parked off to the side and just waited. Well, she ended up needing a tow truck, so she was going to leave her keys there and I could take her home. So, we started driving and she was sharing some things on her heart with me. And she had been struggling with some depression and just feeling um alone, just alone and maybe unseen. And she said, I think she said a little abandoned. And she said, 'But I always try to just remember and count the blessings, count the good things that the Lord has done for me and keep going. So we got to her apartment and she's like, "Oh man, I left my house key at the car, so we were going to have to go back." So we called the tow truck guy and he's like, "Don't worry, I'm going to have the car there before you know it. Don't worry about it." So we went back and I dropped her off and went home. About half an hour later, I got a call from her and she's like, "You won't believe what just happened. And it was the craziest thing. She's like, "He got my car, I think, off of the truck, but he could not get it to go in the parking spot cuz it just would not start, would not hold a charge." And he told her, "I cannot get the car to move." So, she closed her eyes and she prayed, or I don't know if she closed her eyes or not, but she prayed. And um she asked the Lord to do what needed to be done to get that car into its spot. So, she said as soon as she prayed, the car just came to life and just pulled right into that spot. So the guy said something along the lines of, "Did you see that? That was so crazy." And she said, "Well, it's just because I prayed." And um he said, "You did?" And she said, "Yes." And he said, "Well, will you pray that I can get back together with my ex?" And she was like, "Well, is that what you want? Is that what you need?" And he said, "No, but I feel so lonely. I feel so and she said he said I feel abandoned and unseen and along those lines and she said you would not believe the situation or the conversation I just had with my sister like right before we got here she said do you want me to pray with you and he said yes I would so she prayed for him right there at the parking lot asked the Lord to guide him to show him to let him realize that he is loved by his family and by God. And we were thinking how the Lord's timing is so great because, you know, if I hadn't stayed or she needed a ride or somebody else gave a ride, whatever, all the things wouldn't have fallen into place for her to be able to testify to this man. Um, and his name is Mark. If you remember him in prayer, maybe something that I believe something that she said will trigger in his heart where he can't ever deny that God is alive. Amen. Amen. The other day we were going to Prescott for my cousin's wedding and we were pulling the trailer for the sound system for the wedding and we were coming up the steep kind of highway there coming in out of Anthem or coming into Anthem there heading up through Ballot Canyon and uh Lydia just got my attention said, "Hey dad, someone's trying to I think I was listening to something on my earphones and she's somebody's trying to get your attention." And I look over and there's a guy in a car waving, passenger, and uh I rolled down the window and he says, "Your trailer hitch is about ready to come off." And uh so pulled over and the these big nuts, they're real big. I think an inch and 7/8 was almost fallen off completely where the hitch would have come off. And I mean, we have chains and everything, but you know, you could flip a vehicle, trailer could come off, kill somebody. It been real serious. And we were just moments away from that happening. And just for somebody to even look over and notice that it was loose and about ready to drop off, I've never had a a ball like that with the nut loose in the first place. And so it was just the Lord. I was able to tighten it by hand and get to the next exit and go to a auto parts store and get a correct wrench to really tighten it down. But the Lord was really mindful of us. It could have been a lot more serious. I just thank the Lord. Like like brother Jordan said, who even looks over at a a ball and a hitch going down the highway? I think the angels were encamped about the one that the little family that loved him. Somebody else. All right. I just want to say I uh I've been noticing something about uh church. It's been a lot different for me. I used to go to Sorry. Sorry everybody, but I I used to go to um North Side Fellowship years ago. Loved it. Uh uh I used to work for Brother Green uh putting hardwood floors together for him and uh uh I remember one day I I got a little Volvo and uh I was kind of telling the Lord on the way to church. I was on my way here. Uh I said uh you know Lord I could go to North Side or I could go to the one of the other churches. where do you want me to go? And North Side just kind of popped in my head and I was thinking to myself, you know, I was on my way here. I thought, you know, if he did want me to go to North Side, he'd probably throw a vehicle right in front of me and I would h I would have to I slammed on my brakes because he did. And so that's where I went. But uh I've really started to notice something around here which is I just think is wonderful and that is uh with brother's testimony earlier and and some of the things I've heard how much the Holy Spirit is starting to try and move us to a full relationship with uh with Jesus. That's what I want. I don't care about houses. I don't care about property. I don't care about uh any of the things I used to really really care about. I don't want nothing to do with them no more. You guys, we're getting ready to go home. Amen. And that door is starting to close, you know, and and we need to be really really present about that and really really con uh considering those things. Um uh we really need to put our faith in God and like the brothers are saying it's it's not a perfection contest. This is uh this is the thing that that the Lord knew, you know, we probably a lot of us we're going to mess up sometimes, but he made a way for us to get there. And I I I'm seeing that way just by the different testimonies, just little things I've heard. You know, it it sounds little, but I think it's really big. And and we're starting to be pushed that way. I could see it in different people's hearts, different people's perspectives. Uh and um that it's it's important to me. It's really important to me because I don't know if I had that before. Uh, I've argued with a lot of people over doctrine. I don't know why. It's incredibly stupid when you could just be testifying of something that Jesus did. Amen. You know, a lot of people want to argue about doctrine. I don't want to argue about doctrine. I'm not trying to take anybody's convictions away from them. I'm not trying to tell anybody how to believe it. But just for me, I want a relationship. Amen. With God. I mean, a real true relationship with God. Think about that. How many people out there have that for real? you know, I I you know, you see a lot of stuff uh especially on on Christian sites and stuff and it it seems like more people are interested in doing something affiliated with Christianity, but you have to wonder, are they do they really have that relationship? Do they are they really that close with the Lord? you know, and uh I mean, not judging them or anything, but but that's what I want because like I said, the doors starting to close and we want to be right. We want to be We want our lives to be good. Sometimes, you know, you go through divorce, you go through baloney, sometimes you go to prison, you know, but praise God because we're here now. And uh I just uh I just wanted to really uh thank brother Dan uh for coming out here, you know, and and uh having this little place for us and and us knowing that this is some place that we can come and we can hear the gospel and we can rejoice in it and uh we can make our hearts what's right with God. Um, and uh, uh, I wanted to tell you uh earlier to pray for my girlfriend's knee because she's she's had knee surgery. So, you guys be present about that. Let that let that sit with you because I don't want it just for me. I want it for my family. And I don't know how you guys feel, but I feel like your family. So, [Applause] like in 2009, I lost my first wife to cancer and um I started drinking heavily and they put me on probation. I was fighting this case and I had to go stay with my grandma on the south side and I was I couldn't be in the west side. They didn't want me there. So I went to go stay with my grandma and I was drinking heavily and she got mad at me because I said I'm going to go back to the store. She goes again. I go, "Yeah." So I give her my wallet. So I go to the food city. I'm walking back and I see this man just come out of nowhere. I said, "He's going to hit me up for some money. I got nothing for him." So he says, "Excuse me, s I got nothing for you." So I kept on walking. And I felt bad. I said, "I'm lying." I said, "I got 10 bucks." He hugs me and he towels me straight up. Getting drunk and drugging ain't going to bring her back. Whoa. And I said, "Excuse me?" And he was gone. And I had and I had this smell of roses all on me. And and I went home. I still get the goosebumps. And I went to my grandma and I told her this what happened. She goes, "You I think he probably entertained an angel or something." But but how does he know that I was mourning for my dead wife? Yeah. But that's what he said. getting drunk and druggy ain't going to bring her back. And when I turned around, excuse me, he was gone. That's a real story. Whoa. This guy was dirty. When he hugged me, he smelled like roses. Wow. He was tore up from the floor. He was dirty. All of nasty looking. Wow. Reminds me of that story of of Martin and how he cut his coat in half to to give to that beggar on the street and then later on that beggar comes to him with that half of a coat over him and it was the Lord Jesus. Wow, man. Amazing. Couple more. Okay. Um, sorry that's really loud. As a few months ago, I told Paul that we should probably figure out what to do with our work car because we put about 150,000 miles on it. It's a Camry, so it can go two to 300,000, but I was getting worried. So, I told him we should keep praying about it. And on Mother's Day, Paul said, um, "Don't let Malachi borrow our car." But I talked him into it. He totaled our last, the last time we let him drive a car was seven years ago, and he totaled it. And I was like, "It's been seven years, second chance." So, we let him drive the car on Mother's Day. And he called me and said, "Mom, I was in an accident." And I laughed at him. And I said, "Stop lying to me." And he's like, "No, really. come you come to the the accident. So we went down there and he had Malachi or he had Genesis and Elijah in the car. Thankfully everybody is pretty much okay. Malachi is he has a back injury and a torn meniscus. But um our car would be really hard to sell and we've been just worried whether they were going to total it or what they were going to do. They finally called and said that they totaled it and they gave us $3,000 less than what I paid for it four years ago, which is about $5,000 more than we could have sold it for. Amen. Good. God is merciful. I messaged Malachi because he kept saying, "Why, Mom? Why did it happen? Why did it happen? Why did it happen?" And I started getting on the same thing. Why? Why? Why? So, I was praying about it and I was like, "Why this? Why this? Why that?" And I felt like God was talking to me and he said, "Do you love me?" And I said, "Yes." He said, "Do you believe you are called?" I was like, "Yes, then why don't you believe my word?" And I was like, "What?" And he goes, "What's your favorite scripture?" I was like, "Romans 8:28." And he's like, "Well, then." So, I messaged that to Malachi and he said, "Is this even my mom?" But don't tell don't worry about Romans 8 and all well Romans 8:28 all things work together for God are all things work together for good to them that are called and are to them that love God and to them that who are called according to his purpose. A perfect mess. Amen. That's good. I'm kind of like brother Jose. I don't talk. Um, public speaking and college algebra were nightmares in school. Um, but about 13 years ago, I think it's been about 13 years now, I was at Still Waters Camp around Jeffersonville, and I had just gotten through going through a very painful situation that happened to me actually in church. It scarred me. And it was Friday morning. And that was when we kind of had like our almost like a Sunday morning service. And brother Daniel probably remembers it was either Why Christ speak or by faith Moses. It was one of those two. I don't remember. We listen to one for quiet time and one Friday morning. But I just remember something about that service. I was convinced that I had a certain spirit on me and I heard it preached about all the time. You were hellbound if you were this way. And I just remember they had dismissed for the baptismal and I was just still sitting there crying, praying. And I felt somebody praying with me. And when I looked up, Daniel was there praying for me. And he looked at me. He said, "Whatever you were praying about is gone now." And I just looked him in the face. I said, "I need to be baptized." He said, "Well, let's go." And he drove me down there. Um, I'll be in 4 weeks. I'll be 30 years old. A few years after that, I left church. I left God. I got publicly humiliated from behind the pull pit after going through some other things. And I was like, you know what? I'm done. I went from one denomination to the other, one messed up situation to another. All those all these years later, this man right here kept, "You used to come to church with me." I was like, "I don't do message churches anymore." He's like, "Come to church with me." He's like, "You'll really like Brother Evans." And I was like, "Why do I know that name?" I come to church sitting here. Brother Daniel walks out that door up there and I was like, "I want to slide under the pew." I was like, "Uh-uh." I was like, "Nope." I felt so ashamed of myself. I really struggled in that service with anxiety, asthma attacks. Um, couple weeks later, I came back and I'll be honest, I was inappropriately dressed. I had on a pair of shorts. My mama would have taken me over her knee at 30 years of age and wore me out for walking into the house of the Lord the way I was dressed. And the churches I grew up in in Arkansas, I had my splits measured, had my heels measured. Deacons would meet girls at the door with measuring tape. I was in an attitude when I came to church. I'm not going to lie. Um, and I've prayed and asked the Lord to forgive me. I've asked Brother Daniel, too. Um, but when I walked in, Brother Daniel was standing in the back. He just shook my hand and said, "Good to see you back in church, Rebecca." I came and sat down and he silence can tell y'all I started crying. By the end of the service, I was under so much conviction. I hated myself. Any other churches that I knew, I would have been blasted at the front door and I would have gotten an attitude and been like, "Watch me." Um, I'm a preacher's daughter, by the way. We're the worst. Um, but over the last couple months when I first started coming to church, I was in a program and they were talking about, oh, you have a higher power, you know, letting God change your life. And I was like, I don't believe in all that. I was like, I don't pray. I don't have any faith. I was like, God's done with me. And I don't know, it's been maybe six weeks to two months ago on a Wednesday night. We listened to From That Time, I went up to the altar and just started crying, pouring my heart out to the Lord. Couple weeks ago, Brother Daniel preached on Saul and some stuff he said about it convicted me so much that for the first time in so many years, I finally was able to say, "I'm wrong. Yeah, this person wronged me. That person did this. But I have lived a horrible, horrible life to a point I was convinced I had gone beyond God's mercy line. And now I can sit here and say I shouldn't be alive right now. Five months ago, I was in a hospital after I tried to end my own life. I shouldn't be sitting here. I shouldn't be alive. I should be behind prison bars or six feet under. But I'm living out answers to prayers that I had forgotten I had prayed as a child. I grew up in the message. I got hurt. I went from this denomination to that denomination, one drug to the next drug, one man to the next man, looking for love, looking for answers. And I'm just I'm thankful because I don't deserve to be here, but I just wanted to I know none of that probably made any sense. I I don't know how to talk. Um but I thank God that 13 years ago, Brother Evans was there to confirm to me what I was praying about. And now I get to sit under his ministry. I'm growing. I am highly imperfect, but I am just I'm I'm very thankful for where God has brought me. Um so, and thank y'all for the love that y'all have shown me here in this church. It has genuinely made a difference in my faith, in people, in God. So, thank you to all of y'all and thank you, brother Daniel, for your encouragement and the ways that you've helped me. Now, I can say I can't talk. I saw when when um Rebecca came to the altar um was it after um the sermon on Saul and there was a change an amazing amazing change and I read in Colossians today for you are dead and now we put on that new life and that's what our sisters done And that's what so many of us have done. And we're going to keep going. We're going to keep doing this. We're going to keep getting these souls. We're going to keep bringing them in. We're going to keep witnessing to them. We're going to keep preaching the gospel. We're going to keep praying for the sick. We're going to keep serving God. Amen. Good, Johnny. Amen. Okay. Good. I've wondered. Okay. As you know, I've been in before. Some of you know who I am. Some of you don't know who I am. But one thing I want to say is God is a miracle. That's why I'm here today to share my testimony with you all. I am the person that God saved seven times. Amen for that. There's a song that I heard earlier that said, "He had touched me and he put me back together." Yes. I'm going to use those words. An example, when I was dying back in 2009, when the word touched me, when I was dying, those word touched my leg. And when I was dying and I heard those words, he touched me. He did touch me. He touched my name and he called my name. He touched my feet and he called my name. I was dying. There was no hope for me. I was on the list a couple not even on the list. There was people ahead of me. I didn't want the liver kidney transplant. I lived my life age 42. I should have been gone. But I'm still here as a miracle as you all are. Never give up on faith. Never. Amen. I'm a proof of testimony. That the man up there is a miracle for each and one of us. Amen. We are the children of God. No matter what we go through, we got to have our faith. Without faith, there's no miracle. You got to have faith to have miracle. just like me and all of us. And when I met, he put my pieces together. He knew I needed a liver and a kidney that will keep me going. And did he answer my prayer? Yes, he did. He put me back together with the pieces I needed to live my life. And I thank him for that every day, every morning, and every minute. I'm happy to be here. There's no regret of my life. I did used to have regret. I never believe in the Lord. But what happened to me got saved seven times. We all need to believe that miracle will happen. It takes time, but it's going to happen. Just like me. It's been 16 years I've been here and I thank the Lord and the person they gave me what I needed and may that person I don't know where she's at her family bless her family cuz the way they blessed me what I needed and may we all get blessed in life what we need to hear our spirit and our health in life Remember when you walk out these doors is to always love each other no matter what. Cuz once you walk out that door, you never know when you're going to come back. So you always love each other no matter what kind of day you're having when you walk out these doors because there's going to be somebody waiting and the man is going to be waiting for you to answer your prayers just like he did to mine. and he will answer to everybody in this house. And I just want to thank you all for being here. I mean, I don't know. It's just a miracle to see you guys here. And may God keep blessing you all as well as he did me. Thank you and amen. That's good. Praise God. the brothers we can uh we can make ready the um friends there's something greater than any force in the world and when people come into this sanctuary when people come into this building Rebecca said it Johnny said it Manny said it. Heath said it. When people come into this building and they are greeted with love, it is healing. There are miracles in love. I got to just share one more as we close. Let's all stand. Listen to this. 1 Corinthians 12 26. And whether one member suffers, all the members suffer with it. Or one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it. And that's where we we rejoice over these testimonies. We rejoice when something great happens. Rebecca, when you came up, I told my wife on the way home, "That girl has changed. She got past it." And we rejoice together when we see a healing, when we see a deliverance, when we see a stomach trouble leave, whatever it is, when one member suffers or or one member honors, all the members rejoice with it. Now, you are the body of Christ and members in particular. He didn't want anybody to to misunderstand what he was talking about. When one member suffers, all the members suffers. And you're the members. And God has set some in the church. First apostles, secondary prophets. Thirdly, teachers. After that, miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversity of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret, but covet earnestly the best gifts? And yet I show unto you a more excellent way. Though I speak with the tongue of men and angels, and have not charity, which is love, I am become as a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all the mysteries and all the knowledge, and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains and have not love, I am nothing. Friends, love is powerful. There's healing, there's deliverance, and there's joy in love. You could put up verse one. a country. This is just what heaven means to me. Verse [Music] one. A country where no twilight shadows deepen. unending days where night will never be. Oh, a city where no storms will ever gather. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glassy [Music] sea to greet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. [Music] Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. And when at last and when at last we see the face of [Music] Jesus before whose image of their loves all flee. Hallelujah. And when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, this is just what heaven means to be a king. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glass sea sea to greet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. And when at last, let's sing that verse again. And when at last we see the face of Jesus before whose image loves all flee. And when we crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, for this is just what heaven means to me. This what will it be when we get over [Music] yonder and joy the throng upon the glassy sea. Yes, we'll join our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to [Music] me. Let's Let's pray. Dear God, we thank you. Thank you for all these testimonies. Oh Lord, I can see how we'll need eternity to share them to glorify the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Father. Thank you for everyone that spoke tonight. Thank you for the spirit that's among us tonight. And Lord, I I I just have such joy overflowing in my heart. Thank you. May you go before us, Father. May your spirit go before us. Protect us this week. Guide us, Lord. May we draw closer to you. As we give, Father, we want to give you, help us to give you more time in our lives. Lord, you are worthy. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you brothers and sisters. It's been a good evening. Thank you for all my friends who shared their heart with us and it was encouraging to me. I love these services because then I get to sit back and just enjoy and just get my battery charged. May the Lord be with you this week. God bless you. Be uh God be with you and we look forward to seeing you this Wednesday night. God bless. You're [Music] dismissed. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. When my cross is heavy, I shall not be moved. When my cross is heavy, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. And Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. Yes, Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. If my friends forsake me, and if my friends forsake me, I shall not be moved. Yes. If my friends forsake me, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. I'll wear a crown. I'll wear a crown. I'll wear a bright and shining crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. in the new Jerusalem land. Yes. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Oh, when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem land. Yes. Wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. We're a bright and shining ground. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem land. Wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. We're a bright and shining crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. One more time. Yes. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. We're a bright and shining crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that blue Jerusalem. Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. Jesus will be there. In my father's house where there's joy, real joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. to my father's house. Come and go with me. To my father's house where there's peace, peace, peace, there'll be no more sorrow there. In my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. Oh, no more sorrow there. In my father's house where there's peace, sweet peace. And Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house, in my father's house, Jesus will be there. In my father's house where there's joy, real joy. Praise his name. Just as we go, let's sing. He looked beyond my fault. I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] single. Praise you. [Music] That's why [Music] you Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] silver. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
