################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-31 - Knocking at the Lord's Door (Parable of the Persistent Widow): Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-31
Title:   Knocking at the Lord's Door (Parable of the Persistent Widow): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq6t1Z3TbG4
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Glory God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Yes. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. Yes, this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has [Music] made. That's the truth. Anyone in Sunday school can head to the back now. We have Sunday school for any of the kids. We're going to sing that old song, I will praise him when I saw the cleansing fountain. Let's get those words up [Music] there. As everyone's still trickling in and as the Sunday school kids are leaving, let's sing this. Let's worship him this morning. [Music] When I saw the cleansing fountain, oh wide for all my sin. I obeyed the spirit's wooing when he said, "Wilt thou be clean? Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. And though the way seems straight and narrow, all I claimed was swept away. Oh my ambitions, plans and wishes at my feet in [Music] ashes. Oh, and I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. name. Give him glory all you people for his blood has washed away each. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners [Music] slain. Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each sin. Would you stand with these me this morning? While you're standing, go ahead and shake somebody's hand and greet them. Welcome them to church. We're going to sing I'm Amazed. [Music] Sing verse one of I'm Amazed. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. Then one day, someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. And there you purchase my redemption. when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed. Yes, Lord. and how you came through your preious blood I found pardoning and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh my sins are washed away. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm [Laughter] amazed how you came through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All of my sins are washed away. Let's sing verse two. Yes, it's true. There have been days that I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be this close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Yes, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care through your preious blood I found forever. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All of my sins are washed away. One more time. I'm amazed. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm [Music] amazed how you care through your preious blood I found for you. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed [Music] away. I don't know why he loved me, but he did. He did. And he came and he died for each and every one of us. We're going to sing How Great Is Our God. Everyone who's visiting this morning, welcome Erin and Jamie. It's good to see you. Welcome to anyone. Let's welcome all our visitors. [Applause] I don't see anyone else, but I know there's people still coming in. So, how great is our God, the splendor of the King. Let's just let's just worship him this morning. We want him to feel appreciated, don't we? We want him to feel honored. We want him to feel exalted. Isn't that the truth? Can I get an amen? Amen. Let's sing this. The splend of the king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in life. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. And trembles at his voice. Let's sing that again. The splendor. The splender of the king. Clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth [Music] rejoice. He wraps himself in light. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. and trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. Let's sing that again. How great is our God. How [Music] great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great how great is our God. And H2 he stands. And H2 he stands. And time is in his end. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. The Godhead three in one. Oh, Father, Spirit, Son, the lion and the lamb. Oh, the lion and the lamb. And how great, yes, Jesus is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all we'll see how great, how great is our God. How great is our God. How great, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. and know we'll see how great how great is our God. He's the name above all names. He's the name above all names. Worthy of our praise. and my heart will sing. How great is our God. He's the name above all names. And he's the name above all names. Worthy of our praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. He's the name above all names. Let's sing that out. And he's the name above all names. Worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How [Music] great is our God. How great. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great how [Music] great is our God. One more time with our arms raised. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great, how [Music] great is our God. [Music] [Applause] He deserves our glory. Just not right now, but every moment, every breath that we take, he deserves the glory. Got a few prayer requests like to read before you this morning. Our brother Kevin Kerry is asking for uh prayer as he's having surgery for a complete hip replacement Tuesday morning at 7:30. Our sister Bonnie Marriott is not feeling well and asked for prayer along with her son Mark who is also not feeling [Music] well. Sister Shirley Moore has asking for prayer. Please pray for Sister Mercy Surano. She's not feeling well today. God bless you. Thank you. Our sister Elizabeth Gara, she's asking uh please pray for Sister Sharon Sorenson. She's having knee pain and and is unable to come to church. And then brother Keith writes a request just asking for prayer for a closer walk with Jesus every day closer to him. not only me but my whole family. Please pray for us. Thank you. Let's let's go to prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, there's so many needs this morning. And first of all, Lord, I'd like to just say thank you. Thank you, Lord, for this opportunity to be in your house. I want to thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us and being mindful of us, Lord. Lord, thank you for these requests, Lord. Each of them are so important to those that wrote them out. There are needs that are unspoken this morning, Lord. And want to thank you, Father, that you're a God that still answers prayer, will still minister unto the needs of your children. Father, thank you for being in our midst. Lord, for this building that you've given us and the brothers and sisters, the the worship that we've been able to sing and are going to continue to sing for our pastor. Lord, we thank [Music] you for the ser for the sermon he's going to bring. Lord, we we thank you for anointing them and we commit the remainder of the service to you. Lord, I can't say thank you enough. But Lord, thank you. Bless us this morning, Lord. Bless us with your presence and your your sweet spirit. Just come among us, Lord. and we commit the remainder of the service into your hands. For the offering that's about to be taken, Lord, we'd ask that you bless the givers. Would you use it for your honor and glory? Thank you, Lord, once again in the precious name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. You can all take your seat. [Music] Sister Nina, if you want to come, get ready. We're going to sing worthy is the lamb as she comes. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. [Music] Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up. Jesus, son of [Music] God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the me hand. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy as the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. High and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Before I sing, I would like to I have a testimony which will explain why I'm up here singing in front of all of you. Um, many years ago, I was sitting up front here in church. I was a teenager and I was having a very hard time. I had begun having these episodes that were thoughts going over in my head repeatedly. These thoughts could be anything. Phrases, numbers, images, and compulsions. They would last for days and sometimes weeks. There would they would be there at all day. At night they would wake me up and in the morning they would be there again. They would come with so much force until I felt I would lose my mind. This particular time sitting here I remember praying to the Lord if you will heal me I will get up and I will sing for you. And at the time it was like the biggest thing that I could think of which it still is. As time went on I continued to have these episodes. There were times I couldn't work and times I did work but would have to leave. I battled severe anxiety and depression and suicidal thoughts. I had started college but ended ended up having to quit. I was on medication and going to therapy. I felt like I was never going to be able to leave home, get married, or reach any of my goals. As hard as it was, God continued in different ways to show me his love and his mercy. As time went on, I learned to handle these episodes better. The del the Lord delivered me from depression and the suicidal thoughts and the anxiety was not as strong. A few years ago when we were ready to move back to Arizona, the thoughts started again and I felt discouraged because I felt that I should have had enough faith and insight to see it coming and I should have stopped it. I felt that I had let God down and my faith was weak. I told Stephen I wasn't going to cry, but it looks like it's going to happen. After one extremely hard day, Stephen and I counseledled with our previous pastor back in Kansas. After listening for a bit, he said, "Nina, why do you think you let God down?" Do you know how proud he is of you? Every time Satan throws something at you, you get up and you get back at it. You're a fighter. He's saying, "Look at my daughter. I'm proud of her." After this, I felt the freedom to seek help for these episodes. And it was I what I knew what it was all along. ous called obsessivecompulsive disorder. I began to use the help I found, but I didn't claim it for myself. I also began to call it out and tell Satan, "You are not my portion. Jesus is my portion. Healing is my portion." So, fast forward to about a month ago or so. If you remember, Brother Dan spoke a sermon on generational curses. OCD, anxiety, depression have been a generational curse in my family. During the service, I felt moved yet frustrated because the week prior had been very hard. But I had this strong feeling that God was urging me towards healing. I was on the verge of it. After the service, I went up for prayer and asked Brother Daniel, "How do you overcome something you have no control over?" And he said something along the lines of, "Sister Nenah, we don't have control over anything. Only God does." I asked, "But how do you overcome symptoms of OCD and anxiety? something that you don't know when it's going to happen. I know this was God because just the way it happened. And I didn't want to be one of those people who keeps going up for prayer and everybody's like, "She can't get her healing." But I went up. I felt strong to go up. And he said, "I'm going to anoint you with oil." And he turned to go to get the oil. But then he turned back around and he grabbed me by the shoulders and he said, "Sister Nina, do you believe God can heal you?" And I said, "Yes, I do." And he asked me again, "Do you believe?" And again, I said, "Yes, brother Dan. I wouldn't be here if it weren't for him." He asked me a third time, and I believe he was trying to initiate that faith within me. And I said, "Yes, I believe." That week, I began to notice a difference. My mind has been so clear. All I can think of is when clouds leave and the sun comes out. It has been so dark in my mind. I noticed that I wasn't doing the same things that I had been doing. And I even asked Stephen, "Have you noticed?" And he said, "Yes, I have." One morning on our drive to church, the Lord bragged in my mind all those years when I sat right up here and I said, "Lord, if you'll heal me, I'll sing for you." So that's this morning. And I want to encourage you. I know that mental illness is not something a lot of people talk about. And I prayed a lot about this because I thought, well, maybe some people don't want to hear this, but it's such a passion in my heart because it's been 30 over 30 long years. And I want you to realize if you battle with mental illness, just strong stand strong and believe in his word. He is true to his word and he is a healer. He's given us so many ways to find healing. use them just like you would for a physical ailment. You can do that for your mental health as well. Don't be ashamed of finding help. And lastly, this is very strong for me. Don't let it become your identity. On social media right now, there's a huge movement. There's even a song called My Anxiety. Don't do that. That's Satan letting you be bound by fear. Don't do that. Jesus is your portion. He's your identity. And that's what you need to get through. So today I have a wonderful job. I'm a teacher now. I am going back to school to finish getting my degree and I'm married. The Lord heals and he restores. God bless you. [Music] I have seen and I've heard that the king of the earth and the heavens, he has called me by my name. He's been there every step, every song, and every breath. And by his mercy, I will never be the same. [Music] And oh his goodness in my life is overwhelming. He is working everything out for my [Music] good. And in the valley of the shadow, still I know I am secure. Cuz he loves me like nobody ever [Music] could. Yes. He loves me like nobody ever could. [Music] Looking back now I see all the times he's carried me. He moves mountains and he always makes way. His goodness in my life is overwhelming. He is working everything out for my good. And in the valley of the shadow still I know I am secure cuz he loves me like nobody ever [Music] could. Yes, he loves me like nobody ever could. Nobody else can do miracles. No one else could ever save. No other love is unstoppable. So I will not be afraid. I'm on the verge of a miracle that no one else could ever do. I know that nothing's impossible when I put my hope in you. Oh, the goodness in my life is overwhelming. [Music] He is working everything out for my [Music] good. And in the valley of the shadow still I know I am secure cuz he loves me like nobody ever could. Yes, he loves me like nobody ever could. And in the valley of the shadow still I know I am secure cuz he loves me like nobody ever [Music] could. Yes, he loves me like nobody ever could. [Music] No one ever cared for me like Jesus. There's no other friend so kind as he. No one else could take that sin and darkness from me. Oh, how much he cares for me. [Applause] Would you all stand as pastor comes? I was thinking of what we were going to sing and I think that's what we'll sing. No one ever cared for me like Jesus. No one ever cared for me like Jesus. There's no other friend so kind as he. No one else can take the same and darkness from me. [Music] Good morning friends. God bless you. Nina, she said that she wasn't she told her husband that she wasn't going to cry and then I started crying in the back. Thanks, Nina. Get me all worked up before I come out come out on the pull. Beautiful job. I didn't know that testimony you to just gave me a little bit. Wow, how beautiful. Let's um let's read the word of God to start with. Let's turn in our Bibles to Matthew chapter 7 verse 7 and 8 and then I'll go into Luke chapter [Music] 18 Matthew chapter 7 verse 7. And sister Nina I don't think that This could be a more appropriate scripture, more appropriate sermon this morning with the testimony that you gave and the song that you sang. Matthew chapter 7 verse 7 reads like this. The Lord Jesus speaking. He says, "Ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that asks receives, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be opened. Let's go to Luke chapter 18. And this is we're we have our parables studies that that we've been in for the past couple months. I want to continue on this morning with this parable of the persistent widow. Again, I don't think it could be more perfect with the songs that we sang and the testimony that we heard is this. Lukeapter 18 verse1 speaking of the Lord Jesus. And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray and not to faint, saying that there was in a city a judge which feared not God, neither regarded man, and there was a widow in that city, and she came unto him, saying, "Avenge me of mine adversary." And he would not for a while, but afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard men, yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me." And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge saith. Yet because this widow troubleeth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me." And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust I'm sorry I repeated that. Hear what the unjust judge saith, and shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? I tell you that he will avenge them speedily." Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on earth. Let's bow our heads. Our father, in the name of your son Jesus Christ, we give this service to you and ask Lord that you would open up your word. Speak to the hearts of everyone that's here today. And father, may we leave this building and say as they said on the road to Emmas, did not our hearts burn within within us as he spoke to us by the way. Father, we pray that your holy spirit would speak to each of our hearts in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you and be seated again. The Lord has his perfect way and his his perfect order of things. And I really believe that the um the testimony this morning in and the song goes perfect with with this sermon. I'm uh happy to see Jamie and Aaron. Welcome friends. God bless you. It's uh new friends. They uh professional pickle ball players. Well, kind of. God bless you. Welcome. It's it's it's good to have you have you there. And Ezek is this your last Sunday. Our friend Ezekiel, God bless you. You've been with us sojouring with us for I don't know few months now. God bless you. We're going to miss you. Hope that you come back soon. And um and also I want to welcome um Brother Clive, Sister Beth Wear, Sister Heather Johnson's family. Where are you? Clive and Beth there. There you are right in front. God bless you. Welcome from Washington. Good to have you. And uh any other visitors? I uh if I missed you, God bless you. Welcome. We uh we appreciate you coming, David. It's good to see you. Welcome. Welcome back home. God bless. Um this Oh, Melissa, my sister-in-law. God bless you. I heard some murmuring back there and I was I was looking at I was looking at uh brother Clive Sister Beth and then didn't look over the top of them. God bless you sister. That's my wife's sister. Everybody knows Melissa. Um good uh good to see everyone in the house of the Lord this morning. Um this testimony, this parable um we have to lay a foundation to really understand what a parable means. We have to lay the the foundation of of where Jesus where he came from and the spirit in which that he is saying these. Now it's in Luke chapter 18. If you know your Bible, well, in Luke chap 17, Jesus is talking about the end of the world and he's talking about the second coming of Christ and he's talking about the great tribulation and and he's he he lifts this up and then remember when the gospels were originally written, they weren't written with chapters and verses. They were just written all the way through and and we have separated the chapters and verses so we can look them up but they're not originally like that. So when the breaks are we don't exactly know but but this Luke 17 to18 is a continuation of Jesus's ministry of the end time. And he he explains this parable this story that I just read. And um it's a it's really it's a parable about prayer. The widow represents us wid widows back then they have a low they had a low standing in society. They were usually poor uh women and they were in need of help. And this widow was wronged in some way. Someone had taken something from her or cheated her in some way and she had no recourse. She was she had no representation before the law. So the only thing that she had to do was she had to cry out to this judge for justice. And she she didn't have a way to get her money back or or get whatever it was that was stolen back. And it's so often the case when someone wrongs us, we may not have a representation in this world. And we have to trust in the Lord in everything that we do. It's I this in this parable it's often really used in the wrong way. I don't believe that this judge I believe the widow represents us, but I don't believe the judge necessarily represents God. As most people say, he was an unjust judge. He didn't regard men. He didn't regard the the law. He didn't regard God. all all he was was just this man that was getting worn out by this woman and he gave her what she wanted because of that. And it's when we read, I say this often, when we read our Bibles, the Bible is not meant to be a science book. You know, it doesn't talk about how the origins of life came from when the amino acid chain came together through different through through different chemical reactions and then the amino acid chain somehow got energized and formed single cell organisms and then it formed blue green algae and then blue green algae somehow formed an atmosphere that was more conducive to multi-ell life and all of that all of that stuff. That's not the Bible. The Bible wasn't written for that purpose. The Bible has science in it and it's perfect, but that was not the purpose of the Bible and neither was it really written as a history book. There's some wonderful history and that history is perfect, but it wasn't written for history. There's brother Lyall when he was ministering on Wednesday night, he showed us how I believe it was David had died and then the next chapter or a little bit time after we see David back on the scene and and doing something else. So, it's not necessarily written chronologically and it is it is good a reference for history, but that was not the purpose of the Bible. The Bible was written as a book of relationship between God and mankind. That was the purpose of the Bible. And when we try to take it and when we try to make it fit some other form, that doesn't that doesn't work. But it is written from cover to cover. every book for a relationship between God and us. And you see the the the history in the Bible, it just keeps repeating itself. We see God blesses mankind and then mankind sins, mankind suffers for that sin. Mankind repents and then God blesses mankind again over and over and over again. We can see it in our lives. the same on a micro scale. We can see how we sin, we suffer for our sins, we repent, and then God makes it better over and over again. And that's how that's how this book is. And when we read this and when we read this parable, we need to understand that that's what it's about. It's about a relationship between God and human beings. Even you read Genesis, in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was void and without form, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the water. And we see that God begins to create this world. We go day by day. And he creates it for the ultimate. And that's his son and his daughter. And he wants them to live there in harmony and in happiness. And that was the purpose in him doing it all. It was so that he would have a relationship with his children. And we see in the Garden of Eden that God could just come right down and walk through the garden, talk with Adam and talk with Eve and have fellowship. And then when sin came in in the garden, that's when the sin barrier began to make that relationship between mankind and God difficult. And as the world progressed, it came all the way to this day that we have now very very sinful generation. And and it's now it seems so hard because there's so many voices. It seems so hard for us to actually break through and really speak to God and then have him speak back. It's not because God isn't as available as he always was. It's because that the distractions of the world make it more difficult for us to break through to a conversation with God. You get down on your knees and it's it's not 15 minutes and the little square idol starts going off and you start getting a notification. It's and you're down and you're trying to pray. It's like well maybe if I just see who it was, am I the only one? No, it's bad. Turn the thing off. It's okay. Nobody, none of us are that important that somebody has to get in touch with us right away. But God is that important that we can set those things aside. And it's not just good enough that we have a few minutes in the morning and then a few minutes at night in prayer. We need to pray more. We need to pray all of the time. And that's what this parable is Jesus is trying to get across to to the the listener and and the reader is that times are coming that are going to be very very bad and very hard and you should always pray just like this widow woman is talking is trying to get this judge's attention. That's how we should be with God. Not because God's hard to get in touch with but because we need to break through that sin barrier because we have it in our lives. All of us do. And we have those distractions. Psalm 66 says, "If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me." The New Living Translation of that says, "If I had not confessed the sin in my heart, the Lord would not have listened." So, we need to get pray through and get rid of the sin that's in our lives. In first Peter, he says that we should get along with our wives, our spouses, and treat them right so our prayers won't be hindered. So many things can get in between us and the Lord. And it's distractions everywhere. So, it's so hard to go just 15 or 20 minutes in prayer without without the that stimulation that now as a as a child that the world teaches us that we have to have this constant stimula stimulation. And and when we can finally keep praying and keep praying and keep praying and and start to get rid of it, that's when we can break through to God. And what we have to do is we have to just keep knocking on God's door. keep knocking and keep knocking and keep praying. It's not that he's not answering. It's that we need to get a aside, get ourselves out of the way and get to talk to him. Just keep trying and keep going just like this widow did. Keep knocking at God's door. Matthew Matthew 7, as I read earlier, ask and it will be given to you. I'll read u the NIV, but yeah, I leave the King James up there. Ask and it will be given to you. Seek and you will find. Knock and the door will be open to you. For everyone who asks receives. The one who seeks finds and the one who knocks the door will be open. In James 4:1 it says, "From whence come wars and fighting among you? Come they not hints even of your own lusts that war in your members? You lust and you have not. You kill and you desire to have and you cannot obtain. You fight and war, yet ye have not because you ask not. And you ask and receive not because you ask a miss that they may be consumed that make that you may consume it upon your lusts. NIV is a little easier to understand on on that one. It says, "What causes fights and quarrels among you? Don't they come from your desires that battle within you? You desire but you do not have. So you kill. You covet but you cannot get what you want. So you quarrel and fight. You do not have because you do not ask God. When you ask, you do not receive because you ask with the wrong motives that you may spend what you get on your pleasures. These are scriptures about prayer. Think thinking about God during the day is not prayer. Prayer takes effort and more in today's society more in today's time than any time else in history. Charles Spurgeon says it's not a matter of time so much as it is a matter of heart. If you have the heart to pray, you will find the time. Brother Random said, "If you're too busy to pray, then you're too busy." I've talked with many people in counseling and so many people will come and and there's this statement that so many people make. They say, "Brother Daniel, I'm a mess." And when somebody tells me that, and they then they'll go on and say, "What's what's been happening in their lives?" When you say that, you are not a mess. What you have done is you have confessed and now you are seeking God and you are trying to find the Lord and you're trying to have the Lord come into your life to straighten out all of these things that you may have have messed up earlier. But that is when you are right with God. When you're truly seeking him. It's the person that says, "I'm good. I had an experience with the Lord when I was 18. I know what's right. I know what I'm doing." That's the person that I worry about. It's the person that says, "I'm a mess." That's knocking at God's door saying, "Lord, I need help. Lord, I need you. Would you would you please just hear me?" And the other person that's saying, "I'm good. I'm a Christian. I I don't I don't need any help." That's the person that I worry about as a pastor. Those are the people that it's hard to get through because there's no desire in their heart to really seek God. And this persistence of this widow, she sought the Lord. She needed something. And she went to this judge and she says, "I'm not giving up. You are gonna hear me. There's nobody else that will represent me. I am going to get your attention." And Jesus had just told his disciples, "Here's what it's going to be at the at the end of the world, at the end of time. It's going to be just like it was in the days of Noah. They're going to be going along. They're going to be eating and they're going to be drinking and they're going to be going out to dinner and they're going to be getting married and all of these things. And then the flood came and they didn't expect it. And then he says, then he goes on in Luke 17:30 28 and 30. Then he says, "And as it was in the days of Lot, he says they were just going about their lives. They were doing business. They were going to work every day. They were just having normal lives. And then it rained down fire from heaven and killed them all. And Jesus says that's how it's going to be. It's going to be just a normal day. And then those that are ready will be taken and those that aren't ready won't be taken. Luke, we'll we'll stay here in well Lukeapter 18 verse1. And he spake a parable unto them to this end that men ought to pray and not to faint. Right here we see the meaning of the parable that we should always pray and never give up on our prayers. The apostle s Paul said pray with pray always pray without ce ceasing. He describes the armor of God that we have to have to battle against the enemy. If Ephesians 6, let's just read it. Ephesians 6:1 says this, "Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand." Stand therefore, having your loins gird about with truth, and having your breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace, and above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. So, how do we take this armor? How do we put on this armor? Verse 18, praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit and watching there unto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints. Another translation verse 18 says, "Pray in the spirit at all times and on every occasion stay alert and be persistent in your prayers for all believers everywhere." Jesus said when he started the parable he said we should always pray and while we're praying not to faint what does that mean not to faint means don't give up keep pressing English Standard Version says don't lose heart Psalm 22 verse one a very famous psalm that we always we know that Jesus quoted this psalm when he was nailed to the cross says this. I'll read the New King James Version. My God, my God, why have you forsaken me? Why are you so far from helping me and from the words of my groaning? So, David was pro was definitely prophesying what was going to happen to Jesus when he was on the cross, but he was still something was still happening to David when he was inspired to say this. He was still going through something. And how many of us can say the same thing that that that David said, saying, "Lord, help us. Lord, help me. Why why have you forsaken me? Why do you not care about me? Why am I suffering all of these things? Why am I going through this?" And he has not forsaken us. It's all for a purpose. The man who is Quoting the words of David when he was on the cross, Jesus, he said, "I will never leave you nor forsake you." So he won't. Verse number two, "Oh my God, I cry in the daytime, but you do not hear and and in the night season and I am not silent." This is the same guy that killed Goliath with a rock. This is the same guy who went from a poor shepherd to the most powerful king in the world. And yet he says, "God, I cry out in the daytime and you don't hear me. And I cry out at night and Lord, you don't hear me then either." But notice David never stopped praying. He never stopped crying out. And don't get discouraged when you pray. You keep knocking. We keep knocking at at God's door. And even though God was not responding to David, God was hearing. God was listening. And watch David's attitude. David may not have been getting an answer from God, but watch his attitude. He says, "But you are holy enthroned in the praises of Israel. Our fathers trusted in you. They trust. They trusted and you delivered them. They cried to you and were delivered. They trusted in you and were not ashamed." NLT says, "They trusted in you and were never disgraced. But I am a worm and no man, a reproach of men and despised by the people. All those who see me ridicule me." They shoot out the lip and they shake the head, saying, "He trusted in the Lord. Let him rescue him and let him deliver him since he delights in him." Verse number nine. But you are he who took me out of the womb. You made me trust while on my mother's breasts. I was cast upon you from birth. From my mother's womb you have been my God. Be not far from me for trouble is near for there is none to help. So David is relying on God and he never stopped praying. He never stopped asking. He never stopped asking. He never stopped knocking at God's door. He was constantly saying, "Lord, help me. Lord, I need help. Lord, what about this? Lord, what about this? Why have you forsaken me?" And God was hearing, but God had a purpose in it all. If David wouldn't have been suffering, we would not have that psalm that Jesus fulfilled on the cross. He's always got a purpose. As Nina was singing and as she was giving her testimony, I couldn't help but think of this lady named Hannah in the Bible, the mother of the prophet Samuel. Hannah was married to a very good man. And this man, Elena, had two wives. The one wife was a mean-spirited woman. And the Lord allowed her to have children. And Hannah was barren and had no children. And this woman, this other wife of Elena, she used to make fun of Hannah because she didn't have children and ridicule her and put her down. And Hannah, she prayed and prayed that God would give her a child. And and as these prayers went on, days turned into weeks and weeks into months and months into years and probably years into decades that this lady Hannah had no children, had no she was not given a son. Crying out to God and praying, Lord, just my flesh is my heart is burning within me. I desire so much to have to give my husband a son. But time as time went on, Hannah began to mature in the Lord. And as she matured, she started to see how God was more important than Hannah was. and she started to take her desires and put them to God. 1st Samuel chapter 1 verse one and Hannah vowed a vow and said Lord of hosts if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thy handmade and remember me and not forget thine handmade but will give unto thy handmade a manchild then I will give him unto the Lord all the days of his life and there shall no razor come upon his head. And it came to pass as she continued praying before the Lord that Eli the priest marked her mouth. So she's in the in the church and she's at the altar and she is praying. And as she is praying, she's not making any noise. She's just praying quietly to herself. You know, God can hear us when we pray quietly to ourel also. It's not the volume of the prayer that matters. It's the sincerity of the prayer that matters. Now Hannah spake in her heart. Only her lips moved. Her voice was not heard. Therefore Eli thought that she had been drunken. And Eli said unto her, "How long wil thou be drunken? Put away thy wine from thee." And Hannah answered and said, "No, my lord. I am a woman of sorrowful spirit. I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but I have poured out my soul before the Lord. Look at the sincerity of Hannah and how that's how our prayers should be. She poured out her heart before the Lord. And count not that handmaiden for a daughter of Bile, a wi for a wicked and worthless person. For out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto. And Eli answered and said, "Go in peace, and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him." And she said, "Let thine handmade find grace in thy sight." So the woman went her way and did eat. And her countenance was no more sad. So as I said, Hannah had been praying for all of these years. She had been praying that the Lord would would give her the desire of her heart. Nothing had happened. But God had a perfect time for this to happen. And if she would have had this child earlier, maybe Hannah was not ready for that child. This was going to be one of the greatest prophets, if not the greatest prophet in the entire Old Testament, the prophet Samuel. This was an important deal. And here's Hannah, and she's praying. And God had already chosen, he had already answered her prayers, but it had not been manifested yet. Hannah had to pray. And when we pray, friends, it is so important for our own walk with the Lord to pray, to constantly seek God. If we just get everything that we ask for, then it's no more there's no crying out to God. There's no more building our character. And Hannah's character was built to the to the point where she was just completely broken. And she said, 'Lord, if you will, and this is the spirit of the Lord that was upon her. If you will give me this son, then I won't raise him as a mother, then my husband won't raise him as a father. I will take this baby and I will give him to you, God. He will be a Nazerite to the Lord. He won't drink wine. He won't cut his hair. He won't He won't touch a dead body. He won't He He He'll live perfect before you, God. And I won't even I won't even get to raise him in my house. I want to give him to you. And that's what God required. That was the point of all of these prayers that Hannah had to get to to say, "Lord, it's yours." And then the pe the priest Eli, he gave his blessing upon Hannah. And then look at Hannah's response. The burden left her right there. She goes home from the church. She sleeps with her husband and they have a baby. and she lived up to her end by giving this child to the Lord. And as I said, he was the greatest in the Old Testament. There was Moses. Moses and Samuel. I don't know who was greater. They were both awesome. And maybe you can't compare them, but boy, they were both incredible prophets. And Samuel was right there with the best of them. But if Hannah would not have continued knocking for all of those years and continued asking, would she have had Samuel? No. But it was good for Hannah's character that she continued to knock. And it was good for the Lord. It was good for everybody. It was good for all of Israel that she waited. and she she waited for God's time. As Nina was singing that song, I was thinking that, wow, how many years has it been? And you've been praying and praying and praying and you had a song and you said, I'm going to sing when I'm delivered from this. I am going to sing and look what happened. And it it was it's a perfect example of how we continue to pray, Lord, why did I have to suffer all those years. Maybe you can help someone who is suffering from the same thing. Maybe you can help someone. Maybe you can be that compassionate person that might get put out with somebody and not understand. Maybe Nah can come in and say, "No, no, no. I went through this." And number one, I have compassion. And number two, let me tell you, God can deliver you like he delivered me. And Jesus as he is talking about this widow, he is compelling his disciples to pray continuously because the situation is dire. He had just been speaking about the second coming of Christ and then he gets into this parable of this persistent widow. So really this parable is more for us than it was for them 2,000 years ago because it's more about his second coming than it is his first coming. All right, we got to get to the parable. Luke uh Luke chapter 18. And he spake this parable unto them to this end that men ought to always pray and not to faint. So pray and never give up, saying that there was in the city a judge which feared not God nor regarded man. And there was a widow in that city, and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary. And he would not for a while. But afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, yet because this widow troubleeth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continually coming she weary me." She kept praying like David prayed. She kept knocking at the door like Hannah knocked. She kept pushing. And this this unjust judge is like, "Man, she is wearing me out." But she didn't give up. But people, all of us, many of us, we give up so easily. We give up on our jobs. We give up on our churches. We give up on life in general. We give up on God. Why? Because he doesn't do what we tell him to do. We don't tell God what to do. God is sovereign. Hannah, all of these years, she was praying, "Lord, give me a son. Give me a son. Give me." She's telling God, telling God, telling God. It was God's will that she had this son. But it was in God's time. Sister Nah was praying and praying, "Lord, deliver me. Deliver me. Deliver me." But the Lord said, "I I will." And she kept knocking at God's door and knocking at God's door. And then he delivered her. And that's what this this whole parable is about. God's nos are an answer to prayer. If he says no, how many of us, we look back through our lives, have prayed for something and didn't get what we want, and now we look back, say, Lord, I'm so thankful that you didn't answer that prayer. I am so thankful you didn't give me what I was asking you for. And that no is just as much as a blessing as yes. The yeses are always the ones that we want to tell everybody about because that that brings attention to answered prayer. But nos are just important. His nos keep us from mistakes. And the Lord said here what the unjudge unjust judge saith. So now Jesus he's saying learn a lesson from this unjust judge. Learn from the judge. The beginning of the parable was about praying and not giving up and keep pressing. But now at the end of the story, he says, "Learn from the judge." What lessons from the judge? He was an ungodly man. Could have cared less about serving God. Could have cared less about the people. He was judging. So what can we learn from this man? Verse back to verse number five, it says this. Yet because this widow troubles me, I will avenge her, lest by her continually coming she wearies me. And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge said." So he's saying that there is learn from this judge. There is coming a judgment where all the unrighteous will receive their punishment. God will punish those that persecute his children. And as Christians, we don't ever we don't like to talk about the punishment. We want to talk about all the blessings and all the salvation and all the good, but we neglect to talk about the harsh things and that there is a judgment coming. Jesus says, "Learn this parable. Learn from this judge." Jesus himself talked more about hell than he did heaven. warned us that there is coming a judgment and he says, "Learn from this judge." The judge says, "I will avenge her." I like what brother Brandham said. He said, "The bootleger, the gambler, the prostitute, and so forth, they won't be surprised. They know what's coming to them. But what's going to be the surprise is that fellow who thinks he's right and he's not. That's when you see your name is not on the book. The Lamb's Book of Life. That's when that's that's when it's going to going to be hard. When you think that you're a Christian and you're not. Quoted Charles Spurgeon again before. I'll quote him again. He says this, "It is the hypocrite who goes on peacefully without fear, confident where there is no ground for confidence. But these fears abound and in some respects they are healthy. Better to go to heaven doubting than to hell presuming." Verse number seven. And shall not God avenge his own elect which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them. NIV says, "And will God and will not God bring about justice for his chosen ones who cry out to him day and night while he will he keep putting them off? I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless, when the son of man cometh, shall he find faith on earth. So summary of the parable is Jesus starts the parable by saying that we should always pray and never give up. A widow who was the lowest in society back then. In Jesus's time, she was done wrong. She was cheated in some way. Maybe maybe her children, maybe her son was put into jail or something like that. Maybe someone stole her land. We don't we don't know what the her story was and it doesn't matter what it what it is. But she had no recourse. And the worst of all, she was assigned to a judge that had no fear of God and didn't really care about her, didn't care about the people he was judging. So the judge ignored the case for a while, but she kept knocking at the door. She kept writing him letters. She kept going to the going to the courthouse. She kept knocking at the door and telling and saying that I'm a widow. I need I need help. I need to get my prayers answered. I am not going to give up. I am the I am the elect. I am one of God's children. I am not going to give to give up. I'm going to keep praying. Good sermon. Good old message sermon. Encouraging. Keep going. Keep trying. Keep keep going. But there's more to this parable than that. I remember um I was in when I was playing ball in baseball in high school and college. I had I had a good fast ball. I was uh I was always I could throw harder than uh I throw as hard as anyone else in the league and I and harder than most. Had a good fast ball, but my best pitch was my change up. Just a straight change. And a straight change up is you're throwing your fast ball and then basically you just change speeds and it comes in a little slower and it messes up the timing of the hitter. Jesus was the master at the change up. He had a he he was a master at everything. He had a great fast ball, but he always threw that change up and got the listener, got the batter off balance. Listen to this. Back to Luke 18. He had just finished the story of the unjust judge and the widow. And this was the clincher. This was the strikeout pitch. And shout verse seven. And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? Sounds familiar, doesn't it? Which cry day and night unto him. God's, we go back to Ezekiel. God sends a judgment angel out into the world and he tells he tells this angel, he gives this angel specific instructions. Ezekiel chapter 9 verse 4 it says this and the Lord said unto him go through the midst of the city through the midst of Jerusalem and set a mark upon the foreheads of men that sigh and cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof. And to the others he said in my hearing, "Go ye after him through the city and smite. Let not your eye spare, neither have ye pity. Slay, avenge, slay utterly old and young, both maids and little children and women, but come not near any man upon whom this is this mark, and begin at my sanctuary. So start in the churches and move out from there. put a mark on those that sigh and cry for the sins of the city daily. Are these people really are they sighing and crying for the sin or are they sighing and crying for the people that commit the sin? Are they sighing and crying for that soul that is doing wrong and they and they see that this judgment angel is coming and he's going to avenge like Jesus said he's going to wipe it all out. And he says, "Start at the churches. Everyone that does not have that mark, that is constantly praying, constantly knocking at God's door, constantly approaching the Lord. Lord have mercy. Lord have mercy." And those ones that are not doing that, put a mark on those. And the ones that don't have the mark, destroy them. I tell you, verse number eight, back to Luke 18. I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. That was the fast ball. Now, here comes the change. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, shall he find faith on earth. This is the conclusion of the parable. Most people leave that part out, but that's the most important part about the whole story. When Jesus returns, is he going to find people that are constantly knocking at his door that are constantly knocking like this persistent widow is? Lord, I need help. Lord, heal me. Lord, I'm seeking you. Or is he going to find churches that aren't seeking God? Just people that are content in their own religion, content in their lives, not wanting any change unless something goes wrong, then they'll seek God. And if we are right, do we have the mark of those that sigh and cry for the sins of the world daily? Do I have that mark? Do you have it? Jesus is warning, as I said, he told this really nice parable, this really good feel-good sermon about keep knocking at keep knocking at the door. Keep knocking at God's door, keep praying, keep asking, God will deliver you, and that is all right. But then he says, however, in Jesus's words, nevertheless, when I return, will I find people who are constantly praying? Will I find people who are crying out for the lost when I return? Is anyone going to be doing this? When I said at the beginning, we try to get down in in five minutes, 10 minutes. It's the hardest thing in the world to stay praying. Jesus through his prophetic gift. The Lord knew that it was going to be at the end time a very, very difficult time that people were going to be going about their own business saying that they're Christians and they're really not. And Jesus said, "When you see this, my coming is nigh." And then he asked a question. He says, "It's going to be so bad when I return. Am I going to find faith? Am I going to find faith on earth?" There's your meaning behind the parable. Am I going to find people who are truly knocking at God's door? Am I going to find those who are truly consecrated to my word? Am I going to find those who really trust in me like David? Oh my God, my God, why have you forsaken me? And he's he's crying out to God, but then he says, "But I'm a worm, Lord. You don't owe me, but I'm going to be like that widow. I'm just going to keep knocking. I'm going to keep keep asking you. Musicians can come and we'll close. Go back to Matthew chapter 7. Ask and it will be given to you. Seek and you will find. Knock and that door will be open to you. For everyone that asks receives, and he who seeks finds, and the one who knocks the door will be opened. It is so hard to overcome the distractions of the world. If you read Revelation chapter 2 and chapter 3, we have letters to seven different churches. We know that these are seven different ages of the gentile church. And each one it says to him that overcomes and it gives a reward all the way down to the last one lessa. And it says now Jesus has instructed us to knock but now Jesus is the one knocking. He says behold I stand at the door and knock. How bad is this generation to where we don't have time and Jesus is standing there saying can I come in can I come into your life how much do we have to overcome now we have to start knocking at his door to get our our minds right and our hearts right and then allow him to come in the door of our heart but we have to pray continually knocking at the Lord, continually saying, "Lord, I'm like that widow. I'm going to keep praying. I'm going to keep I'm going to keep asking." And then when the Lord answers this prayer, don't stop asking now. Ask for something else. Okay, Lord, you gave me this. Now, I want a better understanding of your word. Lord, I I need to understand this. I need to understand this scripture. Well, what about then? He gives you the understanding of that. Okay, Lord. What about my son? What about me daughter? I'm I'm going to knock about that. Lord, I'm not going to stop. I'm going to keep knocking. Okay. Then he gives you your son or your daughter. They give their hearts to the Lord. They get baptized. Now, Lord, I'm not done. I am a mess. I'm I'm I'm terrible. Lord, I'm going to keep asking. I'm going to keep knocking. And when you keep knocking, and then when he returns, comes down and he says, "Ah, I found faith. I found faith in that one." because she was always knocking. She was always asking me. He was always asking. He was always talking with me. My point at the beginning, this book, it's not a science book and neither is a history book. It's a book of a relationship between God and a human being. And we need to continue that relationship. Continually asking, continually talking to him. Keep knocking. Always knock at God's door. And then he'll know you when he comes. And you will know him. And then you will be that one. There is a promise. There is a an elect group that will know God. There is a bride of Christ there. There are those that will be ready, but Jesus himself said, "Straight is the gate and narrow is the way and few there will be that find it." It'll be those that are always knocking, that are always asking, that pray and don't get discouraged, that continuing on. Just like sister Nina in that song. She asked and she asked and she prayed and she prayed and she kept she kept bringing it before God and God had his perfect time. It's happened to me so many times. I've waited for many times 20 30 years and then the Lord will answer something that I have asked continually asked for decades. Then he's also answered me with a no. And I thank him almost more for the nos than I do for the yeses. God bless you, brother [Music] Messiah. Draw me close to you. Never let me go. [Music] I lay it all down again to hear you say that I'm your friend. Oh, you are my desire. [Music] No one else will do cuz nothing else could take your place to feel the warmth of your grace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. You're all I've won. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are me. Draw me close. Draw me close to [Music] you. Never let me go. I'll lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm your friend. You are my [Music] desire. No one else will do cuz nothing else could take your place. Next verse to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are me. Amen. I set the bar high, but I didn't set the bar. Jesus set the bar high. He said, "Except you do these things that we won't see the kingdom." We have faith in God, but don't let our faith be a deception. [Music] True faith in God comes by hearing the word of God. Believing on Jesus Christ as your savior. Continually praying, continually knocking at God's door, seeing that you are not perfect, seeing that you need God. And then you may when you reach the end, you may think that you're a complete failure, but God will look down and say, "No, enter in my good and faithful servant because you kept knocking at my door. You kept trying. You kept praying." Amen. Let's all stand. [Music] [Music] You are the healer. Healer of my heart. [Music] maker and the God of all we are. I was the broken vessel. I was the broken vessel in your hand. You look beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that s before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my heart. [Music] Nothing compares and nothing compares Lord to knowing you and seeing what the grace of God can [Music] do. You're faithful. You faithfully saw me and called me your own. Then made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Laid down before the men. I give my heart to you. Love that song before I knew you. Has broken to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] Oh I'm amazed that you are we amazed. is how you [Music] care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All of my sins are wash away. Oh, I I'm amazed that you offer me. I'm [Laughter] amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Isn't it amazing that he loves us? It feels good to know that he loves me. You know, I see all my failures. I see all my faults, but I can look up and I can say, "He loves me." And I'm going to continually I'm going to pray. I'm going to knock at his door. I never want to stop because it's a blessing to knock. Jesus said in Matthew chapter 5, he said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." So, Brother Heath, we're blessed just to hunger and thirst. But then we have a promise that we shall be filled. Hunger and thirst, brothers and sisters, give him all you got. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, Lord, you are great. You are wonderful, Father. You're so good to us, Lord. Thank you for this parable of this widow woman and this unjust judge. Father, Lord, let us be like that widow woman just continually knocking at your door. And Lord, forgive us that we haven't been as persistent as we should. Let us take this morning and father the words that we heard this morning and let us go and let let us put them into action father and help us Lord at least would you bring it to our remembrance when we are failing that we might lord make changes in our lives. Bless those father that are here everyone I pray those that are streaming in. Lord may this mark a day that we got closer to you. Father, give us Lord, give us your spirit. May your Holy Spirit rest upon each of us. And Lord, we love you and we'll give you the praise. We thank you, God. God, you're so good in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] One more [Music] song. In the morning when I rise, brother Jeremy in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I arise, in the morning when I rise, give me Jes. When you wake up in the morning, pray to God. Pray to him. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. When I'm alone, when I am alone, pray when you're alone. When I am alone, when I am, give me [Music] Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. And when I come to die, when all this time is over, give me Jesus. When I come to die. When I come to die. When I come to tonight, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] Who wants to have Jesus? You know, you can talk to him anytime you want. He's listening. Pray to him. Talk to him. We're made in his image. I'm a father. I love to talk to my kids. I love it when they reach out to me, when they think about me. It just makes me feel good. Imagine how much he appreciates it when we appre when we reach out to him to talk to him. Tonight we have a testimony service. So come ready tonight to give testimony what the Lord's done to you, done for you in your life. Give God praise. Maybe even give God praise for what he hasn't done. Don't forget those things. We can thank God for those. And then right after service, Sister Jessica is uh has a choir practice. So if the kids are in the choir right after service right uh today, this morning, we have a choir practice. All right. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. [Music] As the deer panteth for the water so my soul long it after thee. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and I [Music] long worship you. [Music] You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I love you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone may my [Music] spirit. You alone are not desire and to worship thee. And I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can satisfy. You alone are the real joy giver in the apple for my night. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone may my spirit heal. You alone all my heart desire to worship me. [Music] I want you more than gold or silver. You can satisfy. You alone are the joy giver and the apple of my heart. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone may my spirit heal. You alone are my heart's desire and honor to worship me. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than housees or I'd rather be led by his hand. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. And I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. And I'd rather rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of a vast domain. or be held in sins dread [Music] sway. I'd rather have Jesus [Music] than this world a day. [Music] Oh, he's fairer than liies of rare bloom. And he's sweeter than honey from out of the comb. He's all my hunger and spirit needs. I'd rather have Jesus and let him leave. [Music] Do you feel [Music]
