################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Ask, Seek, and Knock (Matthew 77-14) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    Ask, Seek, and Knock (Matthew 7:7-14): Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSn1bBuWYIA
========================================

Description:
Sunday, January 18th 2026 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans continues with the Sermon on the Mount Series with Matthew 7:6-14.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine and joy today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind cuz joy today is mine. But when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt cuz I knew the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees and I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind because victory today is mine. Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind cuz the Holy Ghost today is mine. And peace is mine. Oh, peace is mine. Peace today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz peace today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind cuz victory today is mine. Amen. I'm so happy to be in church this morning. Bailey, we have Sunday school. Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will do like David. For when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. I will dance. I will dance. dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. Let's land this morning. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sang. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sings. Oh, I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. Like David sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David sang praised. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will praise like David prays. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will praise like David praise. Oh, I will praise. I will praise. I will praise. Like David P. I will praise. I will praise. I will praise like David praise. Amen. I love that song. Let's do we're going to sing raise a hallelujah. I'll raise a hallelu in the presence of my enemies. I'll praise a halleluer than the unbelief. I'll raise a hallelu. My weapon is a melody. I'll raise a hallelujah. Heaven comes to fight for me and I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise. And death is defeated, the king is alive. I'll raise a hallelu with everything inside of me. I'll raise a hallelu and I will watch the darkness flee. I'll raise a hallelu in the middle of the mystery. I'll raise a hallelu and fear you lost your hold on me. And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise. And death is defeated. The king is alive. And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. Amen. You may be seated. &gt;&gt; You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. seeking you as a precious jewel. Lord, to give up, I'd be a fool. You are my all in all. Let's sing that one more time. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a precious jewel, Lord, to give up by be a fool. You are my all in all. Jesus, Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name and Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Let's sing that second verse one more time. It's taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Amen. If we could stand this morning until the buzzers or make way. All throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms make way for sleep. And every season from where I'm standing and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. all over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. The fear may come but fear will lead. You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. all over my life. &gt;&gt; God bless you this morning. As we sang this song, I can look out over the audience and I can see the evidence of God's goodness in each of your lives. &gt;&gt; So thankful for brothers and sisters of like faith. This morning we have one request I'd like to make mention. Our sister Betty Glidewell went home. She wasn't feeling good. She was a real shaky. So, let's keep her in prayer. Her daughter Rachel is at home. Pulled a muscle, is not feeling good, also a little weak in her body. So, let's keep them in prayer this morning. Do you have something that you'd like to make known with to the Lord with an uplifted hand? Let's go before the Lord this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is to be in your house and in your presence this morning. Lord, first of all, we desire your presence among us and we invite you into our midst. We thank you, Lord, that we can call upon your name. Lord, these two requests, Father, for the Glide Wells, we'd ask that Lord, you as the great physician would reach down and touch them. Lord, we don't know what's going on, but Lord, you do. And want to commit Sister Betty and Rachel into your hands. Lord, with each uplifted hand, we commit those needs to you. Father, we want to commit the remainder of the service. Bless our pastor as he brings forth the word and bless the remainder of the songs. And as we prepare to take the offering, we commit that into your hands. ask that you'd bless it and bless the giver for your honor and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. You unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance of my eneies. Still all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. And I've been born again into your family. Your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say, "I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; And I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power cuz your name is power. Your name is he. Your name is light. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by oppression, I speak Jesus. Sing that again. Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. to every soul held captive by the pressure. Pass me Jesus. Your name is power. Yes, you are. Your name is power. Your name is speaking. Your name is loud. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn with fire. Shout Jesus this morning. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Oh, and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. And shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. soul and Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. And Jesus for my family I speak the holy name. Jesus your name is powerless cuz your name is power. Your name is he. Your name, your name is life. Yes. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. And I just wanna speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. If we could stand this evening. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. And those who look on him are rad. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and he saved me from my enies. And the son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see and that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. and come exalt his name. Together we'll glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day. Never end may our in bless every day. and grace. They are let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our ines. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our ines. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Glory the Lord with you and come and exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Yes, he is so good. I sought the Lord is what he said. I sought the Lord and you know what? And he heard me &gt;&gt; and he answered me. &gt;&gt; Just to think that we could we could seek the Lord and he will hear us and he will answer us. Yeah, &gt;&gt; God the creator, &gt;&gt; the creator of the heavens and the earth. Little me, &gt;&gt; I can seek him and he'll hear me and he'll answer. Let's bow our heads. Lord, what a thought. And here we are with our heads bowed, gathered in this building. And Lord, we believe that you're hearing us. Oh, we thank you. The almighty Jehovah God. Let us give you praise, Lord. We love you and we thank you. Lord, be with us. Bless us, Lord, with your presence this morning. Father, that as I read your word and Father, expound on these things and we worship, Lord, just that you would be pleased, our prayers would come up before you as a sweet smelling savor to the Lord. We love you and we thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's remain standing and uh I want to continue on with the sermon on the mounts. Let's let's read together Matthew chapter 7 and we'll start with verse six and we'll read through verse 14. As you're turning, Daniel, can we sing that I sought the Lord just one more time? &gt;&gt; I sought the Lord and he answered me. me and delivered me from every fear. And those look on him far radian, they'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Go magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord &gt;&gt; and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. God exalts his name forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Start with verse seven. &gt;&gt; Ask and it shall be given to you. &gt;&gt; Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open. Or what man is there of you whom his son ask bread, will they give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? If you being evil, if you then being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him. Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, even do even so to them. For this is the law and the prophets. Enter ye in at the straight gate. For wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadth to destruction, and many there be which go in there. Because straight is the gate, and narrow is the way which leadth unto life, and few there will be find it. Amen. The words of our Lord Jesus. You can be seated. First, welcome to uh to our visitors here. Um, of course, I saw Brother John, Sister Tracy Portland, where are you? There you are in the back. Welcome, friends. Good. It was good to see you before service. God bless you. Good to have you in the family here. And then Aurora and Lor Lorraine in the front in the front row. Aurora and Lorraine, where are you? Oh, dear old friends. Good to good to see you. Good to have you back. God bless you. And then uh Stephen and Elizabeth Alvis and Sister Carol, where are you? Welcome. Sitting next to sister God bless you. Sister Diarro there. Welcome. And uh there's still quite a few that I didn't write down. Um I see my friend, Brother Joshua Duron, welcome. God bless you. It's good good to have you and the family here. Nice looking family. It's good to finally meet meet you all. Welcome. And then um then uh we have others with us. Welcome. God bless you all. I want to especially and then my old friend Bill Lingar. Brother Bill, God bless you. Welcome. It's good to good to see you. Minister of the gospel, loving the Lord. Brother Bill, good good to see you. I haven't seen you in a while. Welcome. Welcome. And we have two special guests this morning. Um, we've been praying for them for the past few weeks. They've been in critical condition in the hospital and the Lord has touched them and is helping them recover. Where are they? Where's K and Adrien? Where are they at? Oh, they're in the nursery. Bring them out. Lonnie, can you bring them out? Everybody turn around. These are these are the two kids we've been praying for that have been in the hospital. Thank you. The Lord has truly had his hand on that family and I'm looking forward to giving the full testimony of all of this. But it's been it's been just wonderful and to see you sometimes things happen. I woke up this morning and uh I just woke up I woke up in a really good mood and I uh probably one of the things that put me in a good mood is because I usually wake up at about 10 to 5 on Sunday morning and I I go to study and I woke up and I started to uh get up out of bed and I looked and it was 10 to 4. I thought, "All right, I want to I got I got another hour here that that I can spend." And I was able to spend that time just laying in bed and praying and thanking the Lord. And he is he's so friends, he's so good to us. &gt;&gt; You know, we don't we don't give him credit enough for the uh the kindness that that he he's bestows on us just every single day. We've been going through this sermon on the mount and it's uh it's been just it's been a real blessing for me. This is the first recorded sermon we have of Jesus. And what Jesus has done in this sermon is he has taken this the Old Testament and he has really made it to where it makes sense and he's made it understandable for all of us. And he last week we talked about judge not that you be not judged. And now Jesus is going to get into prayer. And he if we remember from the previous chapter he already talked about prayer and he even gave us the Lord's prayer. Our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done. and and he taught taught us how to pray there. And if you read in your Bible, you will never find another character in the Bible that prayed as much as Jesus Christ. Can you imagine? God in flesh comes down. God comes down in flesh, manifested himself in the perfect the the perfect lamb of God. ever sinned &gt;&gt; in his whole life. Overcame sin, overcame death, overcame hell, overcame the grave. And yet this man prayed more than anyone else. &gt;&gt; And he was our example and we look at we look at how he how he did things and and just his his the perfection that was in Jesus. And here he is on the north shore of the Sea of Galilee. And it started he sat down with his disciples and his disciples gathered around him and he started teaching. And then by the end of the sermon we see that there was multitudes all around and Jesus was teaching them these things. And we uh we got to through last week we got to that uh we shouldn't be judging each other. And Jesus actually commanded that that you judge not that you be not judged. And now he's uh he's getting to in this what he what he said in Matthew 6 about prayer. He's going to revisit prayer again in ma in in chapter 7. But in chapter six he says he says be sincere when you pray. He says go into the closet and in secret and pray there. He said, he said, "Of course we pray openly, but he said, don't pray openly to lift yourself up." He says, "Because when you do that, you're just doing it to make yourself look good and you have your reward. You've rewarded yourself. But if you go in secret and you're sincere and you pray in secret, then God will reward you. God will answer your prayer." &gt;&gt; Amen. And now we get to chapter 7 and he says this in verse seven. He says, "Ask and it shall be given you." He says, "Seek and ye shall find." &gt;&gt; He says, "Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open." So he says these three words. He says, "Ask, seek, and knock." They're three words that have very different meanings. And they're they're what they are is they are the the building blocks really in a successful prayer. You'll notice the intensity of the word starts getting more and more as he goes on. Ask, really simple, very common thing. and then seek and and then at the end knock say okay I I'm I I need this um it starts with something simple and really it becomes more and more passionate as you go. So there is a progression of prayer and that progression can be seen anywhere. I had a contractor not too long ago. He did some work at my house and he uh he wanted to get paid. He wanted to get paid in cash. So he calls me up and he says, "Hey, I I finished the job." He says, "I'd like to get paid." He asked me and I said, "Okay." I said, "Uh, come on by and uh I'll get the cash and I will I'll give it to you when you get here." So he had he had asked and then he gets in his vehicle and he's he lives over on the other side of Tucson from where I live and he drives and and through this journey. He has to make an effort. He's seeking. He's he's going after what what the promise is that that he's going to get paid. And he goes and he he he finally gets to my house. And then when he gets to my door, now he's accomplished it. And now he knocks at my door to get what is promised to him. And that's with our progression, with our prayer. When we ask, we don't necessarily think that it's just going to be given to us right there. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Ask." But then he said, "Seek." And this seek, this seeking may go on for it may go on for days. It may go on for months. It may go on for years or even decades. &gt;&gt; But that seeking is part of prayer. &gt;&gt; And then when you finally get there, you knock at the door of the Lord and you are ready to receive what he has for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a parable in Luke chapter 18. I'll read it. I'll read the New King James Version. Lukeapter 18 verse1 says this. He's talking about this parable of the persistent widow. And he spoke a parable to them that the men always ought to pray and not lose heart, saying, "There was in a certain city a judge who did not fear God nor regard man. Now there was a widow in that city, and she came into him, saying, Get justice for me from my adversary." And he would not for a while. But afterward he said within himself, "Though I do not fear God nor regard men, yet because this widow troubles me, I will avenge her, lest by her continuing coming she wearies me." Then the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge said." And shall God not avenge his own elect who cry out day and night to him, though he bears long with them. It's not immediate. I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless, when the son of man comes, will he really will he find faith on earth? &gt;&gt; What a statement. &gt;&gt; So Jesus is giving this example. He's not saying that God doesn't care about our needs. That's not the point of of of the parable. He's saying that if you don't get, if you're not receiving, he says, "Keep asking, keep pressing, keep moving because it's this is a normal thing." And this widow, she asked and she asked and she asked. Then finally, at the right time, the judge gave her what she needed. &gt;&gt; And Jesus is saying that. He's saying, "Don't stop. Don't stop asking." I mean, one of the greatest blessings that we have in prayer is just going through the motions. Not going through the motions, but praying is asking. We go and we ask and then it's say sickness say for the kids and we've been praying for them. Going before the Lord on behalf of someone else, &gt;&gt; you're praying and you're asking God. You are in the presence of God. you are being blessed by being in his presence. You're seeking during that time. Or if you're you're sick and and you're you're um asking the Lord to heal yourself or heal a loved one or or asking a loved one to um asking the Lord to bring a loved one to the Lord, then the the greatest blessing is going before the Lord and praying and seeking. And then we have to re we have to remember that God will answer. But he does it in his time. &gt;&gt; The Apostle Paul, he had an ailment. &gt;&gt; Probably really something seriously that hindered him. It hindered him every day. He called it a thorn in his flesh. He called it a measure, a uh messenger of Satan that consistently buffeted him all the time. And he said, "I sought the Lord." The the song we just sang, Paul said, "I sought the Lord." Three times asking God. He was asking. He was asking and then seeking Lord what is this? And then finally Paul realized finally he came to the revelation. He came the the Lord answered him and said, "No, Paul, this weakness that you have, this thorn in your flesh, this messenger from Satan, this is for your own good, Paul." &gt;&gt; Or else &gt;&gt; you'd get lifted up yourself. &gt;&gt; Or else you'd maybe think too highly of yourself, Paul. So this was actually this problem that he had was actually a gift from God. And Paul said that he says I sought the Lord three times. He kept asking he kept he kept seeking the Lord and basically this was no this was for good. But Billy Paul used to say always about when he would talk about prayer he would always say this. He'd always say that you'll receive one of three answers. You'll receive a yes. you'll receive a no or you'll receive a wait. And that's how it is when we're praying. And many times, probably most of the time, we get that wait. But to receive an answer, we have to continually as Paul did, he continued to go before the Lord. James said that you don't receive because you don't ask. And that's that's really it's it's it's part of prayer. It's part of living our lives. God requires prayer. You think that why don't why doesn't he just do it? It's like, I have a need. Lord, why don't you just give it to me? Or my friend has a need. Why do I have to ask on his behalf? It's because he's a father and he has children &gt;&gt; and he wants his children to work together. wants his children to love one another &gt;&gt; and he wants his he wants us to be dependent on each other because we all collectively make up the body and if we're praying for one another it brings us together but otherwise we would just be individuals and friends it wouldn't be as good &gt;&gt; but it's God's way then really bringing being for me bringing being in the ministry for the past 20 years and praying with a lot of people I've learned learned that many people they just think they think about what they need rather than praying about it. &gt;&gt; They they replace the conversation with the Lord with just their thoughts and their worry. That's not prayer because you're thinking about something all the time. That's not going before the Lord. That's just worrying. And Jesus said, we we learned in the sermon on the mount a few weeks ago that worrying doesn't do anything, but really praying does everything. &gt;&gt; James chapter 4, let's read what James says about prayer. He says this. James chapter 4:1. From whence come wars and fighting among you? Come not hence even of your lusts that war in your members. You lust. You see how that when we pray, it's going to bring us together. You lust and you have not. You kill and you desire to have and cannot cannot obtain. You fight and war yet you have not because you ask not. And we worry, we talk about things that stress us out. We ask others to pray, but we don't receive an answer to our prayers because we're not asking. We're not really going before the Lord. We're just worrying. We're just thinking. You ask and receive not because you ask a miss that you may consume it upon your lust. English Standard Version of that says, "You ask and do not receive because you ask wrongly to spend it on your own passions." Do you see? We're going to get to a place as we go through what Jesus taught and what the apostles taught. We're going to get to a place that the key to prayer is finding God's will on these things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And not our will. John chapter 5:14 says, "And this is the confidence that we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will that he hears us." &gt;&gt; And then we might ask, "Lord, I've prayed and I've asked maybe are you saying that you don't want me to be healed?" I don't know. I mean, I when I pray for somebody, I want everybody to be healed. But what does God want? We seek his will. Just like the Apostle Paul, he sought the will of the Lord. But but God says, "No, no, no. My grace is sufficient for you, Paul. I have allowed this for your own good and probably for the good of everyone else." We always want, it's our nature. We always want to speak for God, but God speaks for himself. We are not his ruler. There is no brother, you just believe it. You just speak the word. No, no, no, no, no. &gt;&gt; You wait on God. &gt;&gt; You seek God. You seek his answer. And then when you have his answer, then the spirit will speak through you. And that will be the case. But the spirit has to speak through you. It's not you. It's not it's not somebody saying just speak the word. No, no, no, no, no. God speaks the word. And he speaks the word through the individual. &gt;&gt; That is seeking the will of God. &gt;&gt; He is our ruler. And we want to know what he has chosen for us. Might be choosing a church. It might be we we say, "Lord, what is your will for me? Where do you want me to go?" It might be choosing a spouse. Lord, what is your will? I like this boy. I like this girl. But Lord, what have you chosen for me? If we would approach marriage like that, there would be no divorces. Literally, there would be none &gt;&gt; if we approached God like that. &gt;&gt; Healing. Lord, please heal my loved one. But I know that you have a purpose in all of this. Most importantly, Lord, accomplish this purpose that you have. That's the most important because we're eventually going to get sick and die even if I we get healed. But you have a great plan in all of this and you know the beginning and you know the end and you know what we need to get to that place and it may be suffering hardships. Verse number 15 in Matthew 7 says this. And if we know that he hears us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him. So if we ask and we seek his will and we find his will, then whatever we ask is ours. I'm sorry, that was in first John. And as as we get into this, I'm going to give a couple examples that are going to relate to many of you. And we have to ask ourselves and I all I often ask when Lord when I'm asking you and then I'm seeking your will, do I really trust you? Do I really trust God to provide what I need? Because it's a promise that Jesus said that he's going to provide for you. So Lord, do I trust you or am I going to worry or am I going to make these things happen? Isaiah chapter 40, we all know this that they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their faith. I want to give a story that I hope will encourage you. It's it's a famous story. It's read almost every Christmas, but there's a couple there's one little detail in this story that you may not have noticed, and that's a story of Zachariah and Elizabeth, the parents of John the Baptist. Both were very old. And the angel of the Lord came to Zachchariah and told him that he was going to have a son. Let me read it. Luke 1 verse 9 says this. Zachchariah was a priest and according to the custom of the priest's offices office his lot was to burn incense when he went to the temple of the Lord and the whole multitude of the people were praying without without at the time of incense. So they were outside. Zachchariah was inside. And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense. And when Zachariah saw him, he was troubled and fear fell upon him. But the angel said unto him, "Fear not, Zacharias, for thy prayer is heard, and thy wife Elizabeth shall bear thee a son, and shall call his name John, and thou shalt have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth. For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink, and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb. And many of the children of Israel shall turn to the Lord their God. And he shall go before him in the spirit and the power of Elias to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. And Zachcharias said unto the angel, "Whereby shall I know this? For I am an old man, and my wife is well stricken in years." There's a detail in there that I want to point out. When the angel came to Zachchariah, what did he say? He said, "God heard your prayer." &gt;&gt; Do you think Zachariah 70, 80 years old or whatever he was, do you think he was praying that God would send him a son? The answer is no. But God heard his prayer maybe when he got married when he was 20 years old. And he and his wife Elizabeth, they were praying for a son. They were praying for a baby where they couldn't have children. They prayed. They asked, they sought the Lord. And time went on and then they maybe stopped praying about. We know they stopped praying about it because if he would have prayed about it this day and here comes the angel says, "Ah, the Lord heard your prayer, Zachariah." He'd be like, "Awesome." But no, he argued with the angel and he says, "Wait a minute. We're old. How can this be? It was because God had a perfect time and he hears our prayers." He does. But it is in his time that he answers our prayers. So you might be praying for a loved one. You might be praying for healing. You might be praying for whatever it is. God hears it. And if you're praying and and you're asking the Lord, you're seeking the Lord, Lord, what is your will in this and you're placing it at the altar of the Lord and saying,"Lord, I want the salvation of my son." And let me tell you, that is always the Lord's will to pray for someone's salvation. &gt;&gt; Always. &gt;&gt; The Lord Jesus himself would that all men would be saved. &gt;&gt; That's right. So if we are praying for the salvation of a loved one or or whoever it may be, then we are praying for the right thing, pray that in faith, bring it to the Lord and then leave it there and he will do it as he wants. &gt;&gt; There's a scripture that I skipped in uh in in Matthew chapter 7 and that is don't cast your pearls before swine. &gt;&gt; Don't give the things of God to the dogs. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's Jewish hyperbole. And what the Lord Jesus, I believe, is saying is that if you pray and if maybe you present the word of the Lord to a friend or to a family member and they they turn you down, don't get discouraged because they don't understand it yet. &gt;&gt; A a pig doesn't understand the value of pearls. Jesus is not telling us to call someone a pig. He's not. And when we say don't cast your pearls before swine, he's not telling you to put somebody down. He's saying that they don't understand it yet or else. And then then he says that if you keep on and you go in there, it's like you're in the pig pin. This hog's going to come and he's going to take you out because he doesn't understand what you're trying to do. So Jesus is telling us just be patient here. &gt;&gt; Don't continue to push and push because you're going to make them mad and they're going to come back at you. And here is Zachchariah and he had prayed and prayed and prayed. We know that. We know he had prayed for this. And here comes the angel down. What an amazing thing. Here's this old man standing there. this old priest um in this this the the the the back as brother Li is going through the the tabernacle in the wilderness. The temple was set up in the same way where there's this room where the the priest goes in and here he is in in the back and here comes this angel and he says, "Zachariah," he says, "God heard your prayer. He's going to give you a son and he's going to be great." And Zachariah had really lost faith. &gt;&gt; Never lose faith. It could be one year. It could be 10 years. You could die and go on. But God still heard your prayer. &gt;&gt; And if it is his will what you are praying, as the Apostle John says, then you can rest assured that he heard you. and he will answer. &gt;&gt; But have patience. That time of seeking is a wonderful time. You're seeking Lord. Lord, I want your will. What is your will for my son or my daughter? What is your will for my job? What is your will for a spouse? Lord, I'm seeking you. I want what is just you. And that is way you can see the operation of the Holy Spirit in the individual when you are able to just set aside your own thoughts, set aside your own desires and say, "Lord, here it is. Lord, I am at your mercy." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then you watch what God does. I tell the story about I gave my heart to the Lord on my 21st birthday and I uh was it was late at night and I was um I was in my in my room there and I was praying and and I said, "Lord, I'm finished with the sin. I'm not doing it anymore." And then I said, "I want a wife. I want, Lord, give me give me a give me a spouse. This is what I want. I'm I'm almost finished with college. It's um it's time that I can start moving on to the next portion of my life where I can start supporting a family. I want it. I want to have kids and I I Lord, I I want it. But then I said this. I said, "But even if you don't give me one, I'm still going to serve you." So I get up next day, it's like I'm starting to go to church now. I'm gonna find me a good girl. And uh started going to church and man, she didn't show up. What's going on here? I prayed. I gave my heart to the Lord. I'm still I'm living right. Well, where is she? A year went by now. I'm 22. I'm getting old. The girls think that. Guys don't care. I'm getting old. I'm 22 years old. I got to have my wife. And then I graduated. It's like, yeah, I'm an engineer. Yeah, I'm making money now. Where's Where's my wife? I'm 23. Wait a minute, Lord. Lord, do you remember when I was back there and I, you know, I prayed and you heard me. Now I'm seeking your will. Lord, where where are you? And then girls would show up and I'd say, "Hey," you know, and no, that's not the one. And then I'm 25. Do you remember? And then he might have said, and I think I heard him say a couple times, "But do you remember what you said that even if I don't?" So more I prayed and more I I prayed and seeking man 26 I am over the hill and she's not here. And then 27 and I meet this pretty girl from the Tucson Tabernacle at a uh a volleyball gathering and uh we start talking and then next year we got married. But when I was 21 and I prayed, I wasn't ready. 21 years old. And I look back and I thought I was ready, but I wasn't ready. So when I was 21 and I prayed, she wasn't ready either. You know why? She was 14. That would have been weird. A 21-year-old and a 14-year-old. So, she had to get older and I had to mature in the Lord. But we wait just like Zachchariah. We we lay our requests before the Lord and then he answers and and he gives us what we need and he gives us what we need at the right time. One of the most really the really the most wonderful thing in in praying and in going going through this progression of asking the Lord and seeking the Lord and then knocking is is the whole process. So I spent all of those years maturing as a man, getting closer to God, praying more, asking Lord, what do I do about my job? What do I do? Do I need to move out of Tucson to find to find a girl? Lord, what is your will in my life? And it was it made me a better character person seeking, asking and seeking. And then finally when I met her, I remember the night when I got on my knees and I said, "Lord, can I get married? I believe you've provided this girl for me. Lord, can I marry her?" And then you notice ask, seek, and knock. When you're knocking it, you have the understanding that the door's closed. And here I am, and I knock and he opened the door. And he gave me the desire of my heart. And sometimes that that desire, it really could be, Lord, I need deliverance. I need deliverance from a dependency. I need deliverance from a secret sin. I need I need deliverance from from worry, from from anxiety. Lord, I need deliverance. And there and going through all of this time and suffering, the time that you suffer, it's building your character. And God is accomplishing something in your life. He's maturing you as a Christian. And then finally you say,"Lord, now I have sought you all of these years and here I am." And Jesus says, "Now you knock and it shall be open to you." And there you are. And then you receive. Back to Matthew 7. Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be opened. So Jesus is not saying that you're going to get whatever you ask for. That's the farthest thing in the world. Prayer is, as I've said, prayer is about finding the will of God because that is what's best, not our desires. We have to understand that God the father who he wants the best for his children. &gt;&gt; That is the key to prayer. Hebrews chapter 11 says this, "But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he who comes to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. &gt;&gt; Diligently seek him. Sometimes our prayers are answered like this and literally sometimes we pass from this world but they are answered. Verse number nine. Or what man is there of you whom his son askked bread will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish will he give him a serpent? If then being evil, if then if you then being evil know how to get give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your father which is in heaven give good gifts to them that ask him? &gt;&gt; He's telling us that the Lord knows what is best. We ask, we seek, we knock, and then he answers the prayer according to his will. Amen. &gt;&gt; That is the key, friends. That is the key to prayer. That is the key to seeking God. That is the a key to a career. It's a key to a marriage. It's the it's a key to a church. Everything has that key that Lord, I am setting my my own desires, my own beliefs, my own thoughts. I am setting these aside. I am surrendering to you now. Lord, whatever you do, whatever you give, I am fine with. Amen. &gt;&gt; And praying like me and praying for a wife. I'm not saying I deserved one. I even said, "Lord, but even if you don't, the Hebrew children when they went to the fiery furnace," do you remember what they said? Nebuchadnezzar's there and he's cast them in there because they're not bowing to to my statue. They said, "Listen, God is able to deliver us. right &gt;&gt; here are the the guards and they have the three young men and they're about to cast them into this furnace to burn them to to ashes and they're and they're saying you know what God's able to deliver us of this but then they said this but even if he doesn't we're not going to bow down to your image &gt;&gt; that is the place that we have to be when we are praying for something Lord here's what I want But Lord, what do you want? &gt;&gt; Here's what I want for a church, but Lord, what do you want in this church? And how can I how can I help? How can I serve? Here's what I want for my family, but Lord, what do you want? &gt;&gt; I was going to go into the golden rule, um, which is very important. And we'll go into this next week where Jesus says, he says, "Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets." I don't believe there's any way that we can do that without doing what he said previous to that, which is prayer, &gt;&gt; which is seeking, asking, and seeking, and knocking. Remember in uh the book of Revelation, he says, "Whoever knocks, it shall be open to him." &gt;&gt; And it's knocking. These these words in in the Greek, they're not a one-time thing. It's ask and keep asking. Seek and keep seeking. Knock and keep knocking. He wants us to do that. You know what else it does? It produces fellowship between us and God. So many times it's the hard times that really bring us close to God. And it's the easy times where we let our prayer life slip. But God by his grace and by his love, he will bring hard times on a family so that we can surrender. I've seen it in I've seen it in uh in this this family that we've been praying for. It's I'm not saying that I think they were they were wonderful. They were wonderful Christians before, but now they you can't do anything. Lord, this is all you. We do what we can, but now we just surrender to you. And Lord, you're going to have to do this because I don't have the power to do it. The doctors don't have the power to do it. Lord, this is this is now in your this is in your hands. Like the Hebrew children, they come to the fiery furnace. Lord, this is yours. We don't know what to do. And then he comes through &gt;&gt; in a mighty way. &gt;&gt; Miracles, friends, are for today, just as they were for for 3,000 years ago, for 2,000 years ago, if we would just trust him, if we would just put it into his hands. You watch what God can do. &gt;&gt; Take it out of your hands and place it into his hands. And and let me tell you something. Ask abundantly as John said that your joy may be full. &gt;&gt; He is able &gt;&gt; and he will do it &gt;&gt; if we ask the book of John, first John says, according to his will. Amen. I'm looking forward to getting into I was going to do it today, but I'm out of time. I'm looking forward to getting into this golden rule about do unto others as you would have them do unto you. And friends, it's super important. It's not just something that we say. This is something that has very, very great blessings and great consequences, more than you might imagine, how great this golden rule is. It's so next week, please, please come. As I said, I I was was gonna had my notes to work on it today, but we will um we'll put it off so we have enough time. The musicians can come. I opened up the door for baptisms. Do we have any baptisms this morning? Yes. Yes. Any more? We have We have one. Do we have more baptisms? Do we have just one? One of the things that Jesus told us to do is he said ma make disciples of all nations. Disciples of what? Disciples of Christ. And he said baptize them. Then Peter after the Holy Spirit have have fallen Peter then they say we want this same blessing that that you have. We want to we want to have the same joy that you have. They were cut in their hearts. And then they said, "How do we receive what you disciples have?" You have the same thing that Jesus says. "How do we receive it?" Peter said, "Repent, go back from your sins and then be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission, for the taking away of your sins." And then don't forget the promise that's associated with baptism. We talk about I talked about God's promises that are associated with prayer. There is a promise associated with just going into the water and confessing before the public that I am a different person. I'm a Christian. That promise is to have the same spirit that walked the earth 2,000 years ago. The same spirit that gave sight to the blind. That same spirit that raised the dead. The same spirit that gave salvation to to all those that were seeking that turned a prostitute in into a saint that that could turn a mentally ill woman into someone that that is completely normal and serving God could take a epileps epileptic child and and cast the demon out of him and make him normal. That same spirit is promised to us if we are baptized and take on the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it said, "For this promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our Gods are called." And we have a sister that's coming up and and I've seen her. Sister Mercy, I think you're the one. Where is Sister Mercy? Somewhere. Brother David. There's Brother David. Um witnessed to her at work and she started coming. I don't know six, eight months ago. The Lord was working on her and working on her and working on her. The Lord's done really mighty things in her life. And now she's going to take that next step, &gt;&gt; which is to come before us, give her heart to Jesus Christ, confess, I am a Christian. &gt;&gt; And when you do that, friends, this the bar is raised in your life. You're being baptized and now you're saying, "I'm a Christian. I'm taking on the name of Christ. Now you have to live right. &gt;&gt; Put away those sins. Understand that your sins are wiped away by the blood of the lamb, which is what baptism is symbolic of, but you come up symbolically as a new person. &gt;&gt; And when she when she comes up and when when we um when we baptize This is a different This is going to be a different person. It's symbolic. So, you're going to have to make an effort. I mean, I'm looking at my friend here that was baptized. I was baptizing up here and and uh this good-looking bald guy comes up and he says, "Pastor, I want to be baptized." Hadn't really met you. We get up there and didn't I didn't really feel anything. Baptize you in the name of the Lord. And then I get a message a week later and he says, "Pastor, I my dad forced me to to smoke pot when I was seven years old." And he says, "From that time, I have been doing drugs and and and in these drugs." And he says, "I I never miss." And he says, "Now it's been seven days since you baptized me that I have had no drugs in my system." &gt;&gt; And the same God that can do it for Manny is the same God that can do it for me or you or your family or anyone else. You just pray and you lay it at the feet of God. And you say, "Lord, it's a promise. Here it is. Here's my children. Now you take it because it's better in your hands than it is my hands." &gt;&gt; And you know what? He'll do it. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he promised. I hear the Savior say, "Thy strength indeed is small. Child of weakness, watch and pray. Find me thine all Jesus paid it all. All to him. &gt;&gt; Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. For now indeed I find thy power and thine alone can change the leopard spots and melt the heart. Jesus paid it all. All to him I sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. And when before the throne I stand complete. Jesus died my soul to save. My lips shall soon redeem. Jesus paid it all. All to him I know. Sin hasn't stained me. Wash it white. &gt;&gt; And Jesus paid it all. All to him. Sin had left the crimson st. You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; You didn't want heaven without. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. What could seeparate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. And death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence the boast of sin and the heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. One more song. You have no rival and you have no equal now and forever. God you reign. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. And yours is the name above all. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, mighty king. What a powerful name it is. and nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our sister Henrietta, I'm I'm gonna let you say her name. &gt;&gt; Hi, my name is Enriet. Okay. &gt;&gt; She uh she's been coming here for almost a year. and uh she's she's recovering addict and the Lord she tried and tried and tried to overcome the addiction and then finally she said, "Lord, I'm trying to I'm I'm finished doing it my way. Now I put it into your hands and you're going to have to do it." &gt;&gt; And you know what? He did it. Now our sister is nine months clean and the Lord is restoring her family. And most of all, sister, what I've seen in you is I feel like the Lord restored you joy. He's given you hope that whatever whatever the devil throws at you that the Holy Spirit in you can overcome. &gt;&gt; Do you have anything to say about this baptism? &gt;&gt; No, I trust him. You know, since the beginning I I told him, show me. I said, give me a sign. And he did. And he told me, "Your tears were dry. Your heart will heal and your season will change. So he did all of that. &gt;&gt; Your tears will dry. &gt;&gt; Your heart will heal. &gt;&gt; Your season will change &gt;&gt; and your season will change. Has it all happened? &gt;&gt; Praise God. It's all happened. Now you are witness out. You are a witness to Jesus Christ to all the world. Is there is there any more? Daniel, I'll come down and close. Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. be gracious to you. Lord, turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give peace. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. May his favor be upon you in a thousand generations and their family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you in a thousand generations and your family and your children and your children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you in the morning, in the evening and you're coming and you're going and you're weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. A Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. be gracious to you, Lord. Turn his face toward you and give you. Who can stand? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. making that step that Henrietta just made. Not only is it is it a decision that she is making to serve God and to be a disciple of Jesus Christ and to spread the gospel of the Lord. But friends, it's also a decision for us that we look at this sister, &gt;&gt; we help her, &gt;&gt; we pray for her, and we are there for her when she needs us. It's part of being a church. So, make sure you greet our sister um before you leave. And tonight, we have a special blessing. We have two really two different really good preachers gonna preach for us. I think they're both eight years old. &gt;&gt; Kenneth, are you eight? &gt;&gt; Oh, how old are you? &gt;&gt; Seven. He is the junior and the senior is eight. I'm looking I'm looking forward to hearing hearing our young people tonight in our children's church. come support the kids and uh pray for me this week. Um tomorrow I'll be going to Jeffersonville to see my grandbaby. Um yeah, I'll show you a picture if you want to see him. Uh the little guy's just been in a bad mood because I haven't been there. And uh and I really hope my that my marriage survives this. and and my bank account sending Stephanie. She has spent more time in Jeffersonville, which is good, over the past three weeks than she has spent here. So, yeah, pray for us. We're we're really we're really blessed. Blessed that the Lord would bring a life, a grandchild, um into this world with two Christian parents, two strong believers. I'm just Friends, I'm so thankful to the Lord for what we have. Never neglect to thank him. He's just he's he's this ever flowing fountain of living water that is there for us all the time. And it's not remember it's not what we want. A child, you don't give a child what they want all the time. And we are children to God. It is finding what he wants for us and then our lives will be better. Our children's lives will be better. Our family, our friends, our our work, everything is going to be better if we would just ask according to his will. Brother Aaron Pier will be ministering for us on Wednesday and then uh we'll be back. I'll be back. I'm going to leave her there um on Sunday morning to uh to minister on this very very important next stage of the um sermon on the mount. We call it the golden rule. And uh then Jesus goes into false prophets that arise in the last days. God bless you friends. Let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you for Sister Henrietta and the decision that she made. Now, Father, as Satan, Lord, he he buffets buffetss us and he he comes against us and and Lord, I pray that I know that his eyes might be set, but Lord, put a put the shield of faith around our sister. Protect her, Lord. May the Holy Spirit, Father, just flow from her and may she be a witness to you as the disciples were baptized in the early church and they went out and and one more converts. May our sister do the same. We pray in Jesus' name. And Lord, all of us, we surrender to you and to your will. And we ask, Lord, if we could just find ourselves in your will, then Lord, we know that all would be well. We thank you, Father. I pray that you would go with each person that's here today. May your hand be upon them in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. 5:00 tonight with our children's church. You're dismissed. God bless you. And you are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. Amen. I worship you. I worship you and you are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. Oh, I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. I'm going to take this right here. Promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here. You're touching every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you.
