################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-09 - Ye Are The Temple Of The Holy Ghost Aaron Guerra - Aaron Guerra.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-09
Title:    Ye Are The Temple Of The Holy Ghost: Aaron Guerra
Speaker:  Aaron Guerra
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqRUQ4ZVj3U
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, January 7th 2026 7PM. Brother Aaron Guerra starts a two-part series on the Holy Spirit in the man.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Victory. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is mine. Oh, and victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. And victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is mine. And when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt cuz I knew the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees and said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting the victory. And victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. And victory today is mine. since I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is my joy. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, joy today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh joy today is mine. Love in love is mine. Oh love is mine. In love today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind cuz love today is mine. And there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Would you worry about victory when there's wonderful power in the blood? There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working out in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Come, oh for cleansing to Calary's sky. There's wonderful power in the blood. And there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working out in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you be wider? Much wider than snow. There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Sins are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. And there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. And there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of lamb. And what a fellowship, what a joy divine we on the everlasting arm. What a blessing is. But of peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting love. I'm leaning safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning lean leaning on the everlasting arm. And oh how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way. Leaning on the everlasting arms. And oh how bright the path glows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm leaning. I'm leaning. Safe that secure from all alarms. I'm leaning I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arms. And what have I to dread? What have I to fear? Lean lean on the everlasting arms. And I have a blessed peace with my Lord to near me. All the everlasting I'm leading safe and secure from all alarms. I'm leaning. I'm being leaning on the everlasting arm. Amen. Are you guys happy to be in church tonight? &gt;&gt; I got to I got to say I I missed you guys. I was gone for two Sundays and it felt like wrong. I was going to another church. I was like, "What's wrong?" And what was wrong is I wasn't in my church. You know, it's good to visit places, but there's nothing like home. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we're going to Sister Hope, you want to make way for your special. We're going to sing leaning one more time. I'm leaning. I'm leaning. Safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning. I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arms. There's a lighthouse that over looks like when I'm send out a light that I might clearly see. And the light that shines in darkness now will lead a safe world. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, my ship would sail no more. Oh, I thank God. Sing it with me for the lighthouse. Oh, I owe my life to him. King Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown his light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this be? Tear that house down. The big ships, they don't sail the sway anymore. There's no use in it. But then my mind goes back to that stormy night when just in time I saw that light. The light from that old lighthouse that stands there on the hill. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown his light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where we should be. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. King Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown his light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where this should be. Amen. Can we stand this evening? We're going to sing Amazing Grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved the rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see. This was grace that taught my heart to fear. and grace my fears relieve. And how preious did that grace appear the hour I first believe. And through many danger force and snares I have already come. It is grace that brought me safe. Love is far. And grace will bring me home. And when we've been there 10,000 years, bright shining as the sun and we've known less days to sing God's praise. And when we first be gone, it's amazing grace how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. And I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see &gt;&gt; that song. It's really ageless. It never gets old. You can be seated for a few minutes while I make some announcements. first um sent a text out. I'm a grandpa. I worked hard at it and and I finally achieved it. Can you uh put up a picture? There's my sweetheart and the new one right there. She's going to get mad at me. Oh, no. Go back. &gt;&gt; I took that. &gt;&gt; Meline's gonna Matteline's gonna be mad at me because her hair's messed up. Let's look at it for just a minute. And the next one. So my wife was there, but that's when he found out that his grandpa wasn't there. &gt;&gt; It was really bad. Daniel took that picture and then is there's one more. No. Okay. Um, it feels good, friends. It feels good that we have a family that we can celebrate these things with. I know Josiah and Katie were they were just overwhelmed at at the support and love. And that's the prettiest grandma I've ever seen right there. I don't know if she's going to love that baby more or me more. I don't know how. I'm going try to keep her here, but we'll see. Um, we do we got a good thing going. just so sweet the love that we have for each other and the support the support in the good times and then also really the support in the hard times. Uh this is this past week has been rough really a hard hard week and it's been um mostly with young people and the things that have happened. Um first uh sister Teresa Sutello was a car accident yesterday and uh she um went to the hospital and uh it was cute. She was fine and she's bruised up, but I got over there and they had her sitting in the hallway and she says, "Oh, brother." She says, "The man that I got in a wreck with," she said, "They wheeled him up and set him right next to me." And she said, "I was looking at him and I didn't know what to say." And she told me what happened in the accident. She says, "Brother," she says, "s the car t-boned me. It uh hit me on the on the passenger side." And she said, "When the car hit me," she said, "I thought, well, Lord, this is the way that you chose to take me. I I can see these white clouds." And then she says, "No, those are airbags. She's she's a sweet." If you haven't met Sister Teresa, she is a wonderful lady. She she's one of the she sits right up here in the front with her family. She is just uh a lot of fun and just a really really sweet lady. I mean, she's the reason that we have all of these people that usually sit in this front row right here is Sister Teresa. She's the matriarch of the family and I know they all really um they all really respect her. Um update I sent it out earlier from the family. Uh they uh everything has improved. The three kids have all improved. The uh um three-year-old is out of uh the critical care area andh He's he's doing a lot better. He was able to eat some food. And then um the uh the the little one and um he's two and then there's an eight-year-old. All of them had the um innovation tubes removed. The other two are still critical, but they're improving quickly. And even the mother is improving and she's um responding to uh stimuli. And uh even brother Juan was talking I was talking to brother Juan a few hours ago. This is so it's it's Juan and Lima and uh they they sit over here on the side. Um it's their daughter was the mother and then their grandchildren and Juan and Lima have been looking over for the grandchildren for the past six months. Brother Juan was telling me that um he said that she's doing a lot better and and she's responding. She's squeezing her hand and answering questions. And from from what it sounds like um from Kano, from your mom, it uh and from also from brother Juan that she's um she's really receptive to the Lord. And that's what the conversation obviously has been about. And it's just things are just looking all the way across much much better. So I know they would and they have um asked me to thank everyone for their prayers, the times that you spent before the Lord on their behalf. It's um this is we don't know why God allows things, but I know the one thing I do know is the most important thing to God Almighty is his children. Just as the most important thing to us parents is our children. And he knows the end the end of this this whole thing. And he knows that the trials that we go through now that they are moving towards an ultimate objective. And that objective, that ultimate objective is eternal life with God the Father and with his children. And whatever it takes to get through this life is worth it. Whatever it takes to get us straight with God, it's worth every moment of it. And then uh also I talk with Sister Esther Alcanter every couple days and uh she's just she's just down and you can imagine She lost her son 31 years old and uh unexpected and we know and sister Esther has given me just a tremendous testimony that we know this is God's will without any any doubt we know that this was his will but it's still hard even though you know you're walking in the footsteps of the Lord Jesus You know, it's it's hard sometimes. Those those footsteps are hard to take, but we have to look towards the end. And the end is eternal life, eternal joy and happiness with our children, with our families, and most of all with our Savior and our Lord. So, um, that's I didn't get Are there any prayer requests back there? I didn't get any other prayer requests. Um, Cleo Hano, could you come up and pray over these? Now, these are these are Hano's cousins that um that I'm talking about with the Elha family. And uh I know that this guy right here has been a real blessing to them and especially his mom and dad. They've just they've just put this stuff on put this situation in on their shoulders and they have been just an anchor and a help to this family. So buddy, &gt;&gt; thank you Jesus for this night and allowing us to get together here today. And I thank you for what you're doing with my family and uh helping us to see some improvements. And I just ask that your will be done, Lord. And you help those babies and uh help my cousin, help them to recuperate and help them to recover and help them not to not to suffer too much. Lord, we thank you for everything that you do and we ask you to help us to have a good night and to keep all of us safe. Jesus name we pray. Amen. That scripture just keeps coming to mind. I believe it's uh it's 1 Corinthians chapter 12. 26 right around in there. It says when one member of the body suffers, the entire body suffers. And we can think of it just as as our own body that if we get our finger smashed or if we get a cut or if something just something hurts really bad, our whole body suffers. Our whole body is thinking about this one this one member that is suffering. And I just my heart goes out to these families. Sister Esther, I just I I I think about her all the time and and I'm sure that she's there and she's with her thoughts. Don't forget, friends, suffer with each other. Suffer with Sister Esther. She needs it. Suffer with with the OA family. They they they it helps them. And then rejoice. We rejoice when we see healings. We rejoice when we see a birth. We rejoice when when these joyful things happen. Be together in this. God bless you. Daniel, you can be seated in Christ alone. Hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my cornerstone. This solid ground firm to the faces drone. What heights of love? What depths of peace? When fears are stilled, when striving sees my comfort, my all in all here in the love of Christ I care in Christ alone who took from flesh. fullness of God in helpless day. gift of love and righteousness. Scorned by the ones he came to save. Till on that cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was satisfied for every sin on him was laid. Here in the death of Christ live there in the ground his body laid. Light of the world by darkness lay. then proceeding forth in glorious day. But for me, he rose again. And as he stands in victory since curse has lost his grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. far with the precious blood of Christ. Let's stand for this next verse. No guilt in life. No fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first cry to final breath. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever pluck me from his hand till he returns or calls me home here in the power of Christ. Let's sing that one more time. No guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first Christ to final bread. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever pluck me from his hand till he returns or calls me home here in the power of Christ till he returns or calls me home here in the power of Christ all stand. &gt;&gt; Amen. Either way, we don't lose. &gt;&gt; He's already one. He's already paid for it. He's covered it all. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; And because of that, you and I are welcome. You and I have drawn into that. Amen. You say, "Well, I'm not good enough." None of us are. And that's why he took our place. He said, "I would." So let's just bow our heads Lord in any direction we look and our thoughts and all Lord and it's just your amazing grace. It's your love for us Lord. You never said we had to earn your love. You just loved us. You looked beyond our faults and you saw our needs, Lord. And you said, "I'll take their place." Even as you were on the cross, you cried out, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." Lord, it's just wonderful to know that you care for us that way, Lord. Lord, we take your word today and your word is alive. It's not a history book, Lord. It's it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. so &gt;&gt; just commit it all to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. Appreciate the Lord being so good to us when when we're undeserving. If we were good enough and we were deserving, then he wouldn't have had to die for us. But he saw that we couldn't do it on our own. show. Brother Dan's going to find out that his grandson is eventually going to want to do everything on his own and grandpa's one who want to be helping him through the whole thing. And but they have that's how we learn. We learn by our experiences. And I watched a video one time of a little probably three-year-old trying to put a jacket on. And mom and dad were videoing it and one of the sleeves were turned inside out, but he couldn't figure it out. And he was trying to put it on. He was spinning around and spinning around and he got angry. He was kicking the walls. He was stomping his foot, but he wouldn't ask dad for help. And sometimes we get the same way. We get frustrated, we get upset and everything when we could just turn and say, "Lord, I surrender." Uh, you know, can you help me? So, he said he would. So, I thought today as as brother Lyall had been ministering and even going way back when we were going through each book of the Bible, especially, the Old Testament and um the temple. See, God had always desired to fellowship with his children. There there was not he wasn't a god way up there just governing. He walked right amongst us, right amongst his children there in in the Garden of Eden. He would come down in the cool of the evening to have fellowship with Adam and Eve. Yet he knew what was going to take place. It didn't surprise him. But he came every day. He came every day to fellowship with him. We don't know how much time was there. And but the day came when he came down for a different reason. It was to restore or make a way back to fellowship. And they they hid they they tried to to to it maybe the first time they tried to hide from him because they realized that they had done wrong. But he's calling out to them. And he says, "Where art thou? Where Adam? Adam, where art thou?" He knew where they were, but he's calling. He's trying to get a response. And I think sometimes the Lord does that with us just to get a response back from son, daughter. And we say, "Yes, Lord." And then you say, "Then he'll come have fellowship with us." And since that day, he has been working on restoring what was in the Garden of Eden. And there is a promise written in the scriptures that one of these days and it's closer now than it's ever been before that that we'll be going back to that and that's something but in that process and then that time we have a life to live we have things to do and our greatest the greatest thing we should do is being Christians and being an example and a light to someone else. Christianity is not for you alone. Christianity is to give Jesus Christ to others. So, and that was his desire, the fellowship. He did not desire to for destruction or anything. But if you disobey it does come with a payment back. If you're a parent, you know that how that is. And if you're a son or a daughter, you knew you also went through it too. You know, there were things that I told you not to do that. I remember one time my dad telling us that you were not supposed to do that. And he asked, "How many times do you think you should be given a spank for that, a spanking?" And me and my brother both said, "One." And dad said, "No, I think at least 10 or more." And we didn't agree with that one at all. So my mom came in and there's always somebody that has a little bit of grace and mom comes in. Spank him and let them go please. But you know when he comes and he calls and he reaches down and he gets your attention and he talks to you and maybe he tugs on your ear or does this to there's a reason for it and a place for it and the lesson learned is to go on and grow with. So we know that when he would come and visit with Adam and Eve, the fellowship that they had and and the time that they spent, it was it was he looked forward to it. He desired to do it and they would look forward to it, you know. But there was a fall in the in the garden. There was a time when when they disobeyed God's word and God what God told them to do and what not to do. Yet God was aware of it. There was no surprise. There was not emergency action that had to be taken. God had already made a way. There was a lamb prepared for a sacrifice. And so since that day when he put them out of the garden, been looking forward to that return to all of us be back in that same place. So if I would title this, it's ye are the temple of the Holy Ghost. That's where he wants to inhabit himself. Not up on a mountain, not in a specific church, but in individuals. That's that way. He's with you all the time. Wherever you go, wherever you are, he's with you. And it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. So David says in Psalms 27:es 1-5, I believe they got the scriptures there. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? And he says, when the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord, and that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to choir in his temple. For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion, in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. That's God's word. And David may have been quoting, saying it, praying it, but that's God's word. is what we see. In the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. He shall take me under his wings. And and the thought as brother Law had been ministering especially recently u uh concerning the tabernacle and and and how it was built and and how it was done. It just brought the thought to me, we are the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost today. Tucson Tabernacle, a literal building that we come in and God will meet us here. But this is his desire. You're his desire. You say, "Well, I'm not good enough. I went through here and I found where he took care of that part, too." He said, "I made you. I took your place so that you could." And brother Brandham says in the message here ye him. But now notice in my father's house he was strictly with the Bible. Back in the Old Testament when a father owned a big kingdom and a child was born into that kingdom. He was a son as soon as he was born. And now you know it's a son because he's been born. And I know going through your head all the things you're planning to do. and and it's just natural, you know. I I have my my grandson Asher and I've been giving him my tools as I've retired and doing like that and every time he comes over, what's next? What do I get now? You know, and it's not Yeah, I can see where he's But at the same time, if it's available, why not take it? Why not accept it? He said he was a son as soon as he was born. But yet that son, he would be heir of all the father had if his character was right. But first his character had to be proved. Now you ministers know where I'm going to. It's a placing of a son. Now, but his character didn't show up right. He didn't inherit anything. He was just a son. So then the father in order to get his great son of of whom he loved he had business to be doing. So he got a tutor a trainer over his children and he sought through the places till he found the best man he could find because his his son's education and the future of his son depended on what kind of a training that child got. And that's the way it is today in the kingdom of God. That's when we're born in the kingdom of God. God sought out the best tutor he could find for the church and that was the Holy Spirit. the best you know in our in my best trying to with my daughters with my grandchildren all I don't always get it right but he never fails and in the message why are people so tossed about the Christian faith faith is based solidly upon rest that's right a Christian is not tossed about a Christian doesn't run from place to place a Christian doesn't fuss and fume and worry about things. A Christian rest. It's all over. It was all finished by for the believer at Calvary. And sometimes we have a hard time with that. Um when a gift is given to you and it's a gift, we automatically feel we owe something back. We need to return a favor with a favor. We need to give a gift back for a gift. But a gift is a gift. And it's sometimes hard to accept it. My first thoughts is, okay, how how do I how do I cover that up? If it's a gift, it's a gift. The blessing of the giver is when you receive it and and you appreciate it. Then that giver gets a blessing. This is my beloved son. Hear ye him. He's done what the father has asked. So looking at the temple and it was a type of what God had wanted to restore and and as I thought some about it and some of the things that brother Eli had ministered but we know that that there was that one day when the high priest went into the holy of holies and that was once a year a and they were waiting and they were listening I mean, as the high priest walked in, it it was it would had to be dressed a certain way. Everything had to be exactly the way it had been taught through Moses and all. And it would to be accepted. They would hear the bells ringing. And when that sacrifice was made and they heard him come back out, they knew the sacrifice had been accepted and they were good for one more year. Now, there was daily sacrifices that you could bring every day, but this one was for the whole congregation, but after a while, it just became a practice. It just became something that, okay, he's going in and then good, we're good for another year. And then they went back to what they were doing. And and you know, and after you reading through the the Old Testament, they were constantly being scolded. They were constantly having to deal with things. Sometimes even fire fell and took their lives because it no it it had lost its meaning. It had lost its its you and it was just a ritual. Just a ritual and and maybe maybe some of us sometimes do that. Well, it's I got up. I guess I need to pray and read my Bible. It's something I do every day. Where's the desire for that? you know, maybe saying, you know, uh it's and I did it. I'm not saying, man, I'm on my truck driving to work said, "Man, I didn't even pray and read my Bible this morning, Lord." You know, and the Lord says, "I know. I saw that. I'm still with you. I haven't left you." But the fellowship there and you know so looking at that how it had fallen how it had had lost its it its its uh what it should have been the daily talk with God the daily walk with God and and Moses went up and he says I want to see your face I want to see you and God said come on up into the mountain you can't see my face but he let him see him back Samuel had told them he says you know you want to be like the other countries But you know, you want to have a an army, you want to have this. He said, it's going to cost you your children. It's going to have cost you this. He wants to be your king. But they wanted to be like others. And and that's human. That's us, you know. Um there is if if we're not careful, we judge others by what we see. You know, this brother, this sister, they're just wonderful people. They're good people. I want to be like them. live with them for a little while, you know, a couple weeks or so, or spend some time close with them, and you say, "You know what? They're like me. They have their ups and downs, too. They have their hard times." Peter told Jesus, "I will not deny you. No, no, I'm going to." And he goes, "You're going to deny me three times, Peter." Peter's got to be thinking, "No, no way. Not me." But he did. So we we here is his this is David saying he will hide me in his pavilion. He will set me up upon a rock. He will watch over. He'll keep me in Isaiah 43:es 1-7 and I believe they're putting them up. But now thus the the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not. He says, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name. Thou art mine. When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee. And through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee. When thou walst through the fire, thou shalt not be burned, neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. For I am the Lord thy God, the holy one of Israel, thy savior. I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopian sea for thee. Since thou was precious man my sight, thou has been honorable and I have loved thee. Therefore I will give men for thee and and people for thy life. Fear not, I am with thee. I will bring thy seed from the east and gather thee from the west. I will say to the north, give up, and to the south, keep not back. Bring my sons from far and my daughters to from the ends of the earth. e even everyone that is called by my name for I have created him for my glory I have formed him yay I have made him there's only one that can say that honestly and keep in that's the Lord God our God but he said it so it's true because God doesn't make mistakes and have to go fix things he's talking to Israel and and Israel we know because it's written in the scriptures and and and you know we think they failed over and over and over and over. Yet God came back, came back, came back. You know, he he visited I think about when he um took Adam and Eve out of the Garden of Eden. We don't know the amount of time that they had been in there, but it had been a long time, I believe. And you know, they they had walked and they had they had with the animals had everything the way they wanted it. was, you know, they're what could be perfect, but they fell. And on the outside, I could see that day after he they're put outside and they're waiting for the cool of the evening for God to return because he had come every cool of the evening to have fellowship. And that evening, he didn't come. He wasn't there. And where is he? God wanted to be there. Those were his children, but they had crossed that line. But it also spoke of a redemption that was coming forward. I think about that. Could you imagine getting up and saying, "Where is God? He's never left me. I've never been without him, but where is he today?" I know sometimes we felt that way. Lord, where are you? You know, it's it's also sometimes how you hear or you read in the news or maybe it's happened to you. you lose your child, you're you're someplace and they can't be found. We were at uh at the park one time with our all different parts of the family and one of the boys disappeared. I my sister-in-law's son and we were all over the park and there's a Reed Park thing and he could not be found anywhere. Somehow he was what just three or four years old. I don't know. He wandered off and they were having a car show on the other side and he walked all the way to the car show. How nobody noticed that? But we didn't. We were so busy with everything else. But the feeling and the anxiety and the but where is he? They found him in one of the firemen's or the ambulance of that was there. They had found him and they put him and he was asleep in there. He was doing okay. We were dying. God is doing okay. It's all right. He's He's seeing it over you. My sister-in-law is laughing because we all remember that time. It was frantic. There was a bunch of us there trying to find this little three-year-old boy at Reed Park. But God knows exactly where you're at. He knows to get how to get your attention, you know. So here, Israel has gone through all this over time. Yet they have a promise. They have a God who has called them. They have a God who has drawn them out. Who's done so many things that you would think that how could they how could they fail him? He's he he keeps his word. He gave us a pillar of fire. He gave us a light at night. He gave us shade. You know, he provided mana. He did this, that, and the other. But like like we are sometimes, Lord, you blessed me yesterday. Where are you today? He said, I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. You have to stand on that. You know, so this was all leading up to something after the fall to restore the fellowship that he had with his children. But they chose to go this way to to be like the other countries to be have their king to have their armies to to conquer to do this that and the other. That's what their their desire was. And God said, "Okay, but when you have a king, you're going to lose your daughters and your sons to the military. You're going to have this and this and this." They said, "Or I could be your king. You'll have mana. You'll have peace. You'll have rest." No, I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I got I some people I got to go learn on my own. I can't I just can't take the word. Working in the shop training some of the guys when I was doing the acrylics and stuff like that is someone tell me I I know that you've done it. You have the experience, but I got to learn this on my own. To one of them, I had to tell him, "Okay, if you do this one more time, you're going to pay for it." And look at me. I said, "You've already ruined enough material." I said, "You're going to have to pay for the next portion of material." He goes, "Well, how much that cost?" "Oh, it's about $2,000 a sheet." "Okay, I'll start paying attention." And sometimes God has to get our attention that way. So, here in in the old in the temple, it was a type of where God wanting to fellowship with his family, wanting to be there, wanting to to talk with him. And you know, just as a child, and brother Dan's going to get to know that here, how much fun it is. And then also when they get to the age where okay mom and dad take him home now. You'll get to that one. Take him home now. And then also when he's about 16 or 17 and you need help, you can't find him because he's with his friends. But it's all part of a life cycle. It's all part of life cycle, you know. Hey dad, can I go here? Hey mom, can we do this? you know, and then now, you know, and I can say for guys because my daughters are growing up, it's it's reversed again. Hey, dad, can we do this for you? Hey, mom. And it's all part of life. And as a Christian walk, it it is something that you learn as you go. Some of us learn well, let me let me rephrase that. Some of you learn faster than some of us. Some of us have to repeat it enough times, you know. Okay. I promised myself I would never put my finger over the product I'm about to hit with a hammer. But I did it again. And then I did it again. You know what I'm saying? It's just eventually learn and you look like this because they took the thumb off so you wouldn't hit it anymore. God knows how to take care of us. He does know how to take care of us. So just looking back at that old temp the temple the the original how how they made it. How has brother Lyall's done such a such a a description of all and how how everything has a meaning, everything has a place, everything has a part and you know and God is very very particular about how he does things. He's not one well that's good enough. No, it's perfect every time he knows. So as as this is coming up and it's speaking all the Old Testament is speaking of Jesus Christ of him being restored back to like it was in the Garden of Eden. There is Isaiah speaking, "Behold, a virgin shall conceive and and the all the different scriptures of one that is coming, one that is is going to take our place even when we should have died." And and you know, looking at it and and if you pay much attention to the news, this this world is getting better all the time, isn't it? Well, you're looking at different news than I am then because he was saying yes. It just seems like everything is a disaster right now. Everything is going backwards. Everything is going contrary. But if everything was going great, I don't think we'd be seeking God's face. If everything if I had everything I needed, I would say, "Why do I need God?" But there are times when it just makes me get on my knees and say, "Lord, I need you. I need your help." You know, I I do this and I'm sure some of you do. You get onto the news and after a little I just turn it off because it's just it's not even worth hearing and looking at. You're saying, "How can people be that way?" You know, here and there there's a good piece of news, some something nice and but it's you've already gone through 20 of the other side. But there is good news right here. Go back to the last chapter in Revelations. is if you get a little down and see what he's promised you and what he's going to do and just encourage yourself. All of the Old Testament was speaking to the coming of Christ the redeemer. And so as we think about things and and those things and look at them, we'll get a little bit into the New Testament here. But again, the Old Testament was a shadow of what God wanted to do. There was a sacrifice made. There was a sacrifice accepted. That one was a daily sacrifice, a once in a year, and then this one is a once and forever. It's covered. You know, wouldn't it be nice if if it was you bought the house and they say, "Just give us the one payment and it would be yours." Well, they do if you give it all at one time. Just most of us, we can't. But Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. You know, I had a debt I couldn't pay. and he said, "I've got it covered." So, you know, they when Jesus comes and he's now he's now in his ministry and uh there's a Israel had been looking looking forward, looking back to wanting to be restored back to where they wanted. There were were people that were designed where is this Messiah that's been promised? Where is this God? You know that he said, "We've heard it in the scriptures. My mom told me about it. My grandma told me about it. My grandpa told about every time I went to service, the priest spoke about a return of the mighty king and the mighty God. You know where is he? Where is he? But there was a promise in the word of God, but it had its time in its place. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. And you know, you hear you hear the I I remember brother Green saying and brother Brandham talked about it. All the young ladies were preparing because they thought it was going to be them. But it was so many years down the road. But one day a virgin conceived because God's word never fails. And there started that the beginning to show the promise of redemption being fulfilled. You know, I um I sometimes you see on the news where somebody lost something and they had to take it in and in to a pawn shop or something and then they're able to go get it back. They were like or maybe it was lost and then it was found the joy of it, you know. So, they're they're looking for a temple. They're they're still uh Israel, the natural Israel is still looking for that temple, still looking for that place to worship. It even says when after Peter and and them received the the u the Holy Ghost coming down and and and all that happened, they got up and they were going to church. They were going to the temple the next morning that they were still in that hey, not realizing that this was going to be the temple of the Lord. &gt;&gt; That was what it was coming to. So in St. John chapter 2 19 and 21 they had asked him they talking to him about the temple and he answered and said unto them destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it up. Then said the Jews 40 and six years was a temple in building and you will rear it up in three days. took them 46 years to make this and you can make one like it in three days. No, it was a complete different temple. So, here is a promise of a restoration and God has come himself in flesh to restore. And the only way he could understand my pain and my aggravation and my futility and all was to come in a human body and be touched by the filling of our infirmities. I I would ask you right now, how many of you would go and to a judge and say, "The next prisoner that comes in and it's sentenced, I'd like to take his place, her place." let them go free. I know they committed the crime, but I want to take their place. And I didn't see any hands raised, and mine wasn't up either. But there was one that did. There was one that did because he knew that was the only way it was going to happen. And you know, he had you in mind. Your name was written on that lamb's book of life. You were in mind there. And that's why you're here responding to that today. He said, "Destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it up speaking the he spoke of the temple of his body." So there was a crucifixion. There was a taking of his life and he was buried and you know they went to see they went to see the tomb on the third day. and the Mary and they come back and they said, "We've gone and it's it's empty. He's not there." But that's what he had promised that he wouldn't be in there. And yet they're still questioning it. They're still wondering about it. But he makes himself known. He says, "Go tell my disciples, tell them together, I will meet with them there." Now, Peter, now we know Peter had had had made a comment. Lord, I'll go with you. I'll never forsake you. No, I'll never turn my back on you. And Jesus turns around, looks up, you're going to deny me three times. Peter says, "Not I, not me." When Peter denies him on the third time, he realizes he runs off in shame. He runs off him. And I imagine Peter's thinking is I'll never be able to look him face to face again. I'll never be able to stand in his presence again. Look what I just I denied my ver the very Messiah my God. And I I always say this and Peter too when he tells is this tells him he says tell my disciples to meet me over here in eternal house and tell Peter also. How many have heard that from the Lord? And you too also. Your name has to be put in there. You have to say, I'm included in this. So now there's a promise. He said, "Behold, when I, you know, they they're getting ready for him. He's he's about to be taken back home, raptured up, if I could say it that way." But he makes a promise to his disciples. He says, "I will come back and I will dwell in you, not with you, but in you." And so Acts 2 37-39 and we know that after this it they're there and and the Holy Ghost has fallen down and demonstrated and and they they they saw the action of God working in people. It just wasn't a priest getting and opening the Bible and saying the Lord said this, the Lord has come. Now it was happening. It was alive. And the people are looking, what is this? Let's go see what it is. And and you know the that part. But Peter gets up and he preaches after the Holy Ghost come preaches a message. And they asked him, "What do we do?" Acts 2:37-39. Now when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostle, "Men and brethren, what shall we do? How do we get this same promise that you got? H how do we get to that where that baptism of the Holy Spirit and God coming is in us?" And he says, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins." And if you behave yourself and you keep care of this and you take care. No, he said, "And ye shall receive the Holy Ghost." Sometimes we put a lot of restrictions, a lot of things that we want somebody else to go through so we can measure whether they're ready for the Holy Ghost or not. They got to meet my standards. No, there's one. There's only one we need to please. and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, to those that were there, and to your children, and to all that are a far off, and as many as the Lord our God shall call. Have you heard your name? Has he called you? Has he talked to you and said, "Hey, you're one of mine." That's why you respond, you know? So, so here it is. God had desired a temple, but not a temple made with hands. But he had desired to temple himself and his family and his children. That was what he had wanted to do. Not to walk with them like he did for three and a half years, but to be in them. Now, after that place, and I'm I'm going through this quickly, and I know that this is nothing new to all of you. You know, you know what the word of God says. And Peter said, you know, they're going after here's here. I like this. They've received the Holy Ghost. They've had that experience. It's just been a marvelous thing. We don't know for sure how long it was. Did it last a day, five days, a week? Doesn't make a difference. It was God in them now. He had restored. And so because of that, Peter said, "We don't have to go to church no more. We're our own." No. Peter and them were on their way over. It says, "And then Peter, when Peter said silver and gold, they were on their way over to church. They were on the way back over and they meet this man who asked them if he was begging and asking, "Could you give us something?" And Peter took him by the right hand and lifted him. I'm sorry. Then Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have I give thee." Peter recognized who was in him. That was that same Jesus that walked around was now living in him. The same Peter that denied him three times. The same Peter that has said, "I wouldn't, but he did." is now the the habitation of God himself. He is the temple of the Holy Ghost. Could I say it that way? That's a little shocking, but if you're one of his and he's in it, you are the temple. That's where he dwells. You're looking at me like it's kind of hard to believe, but that's his word. That's God's word. You have to yield to him and say, "Yes, Lord." Again, Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, I give thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. And he took him by the right hand and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. And he leaped up and walked and entered with him into the temple, walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people saw him walking and praising God. This wasn't done in a corner. This was done in front of everybody. They were showing that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's never changed. And they But I I like that they were on their way to the temple. They were going to go worship the Lord. They were going to go. We We look at this and we see there is a promise of restoration. And I'm going to try to watch my time here so I don't take too long here. There's a promise of restoration going back to where Adam and Eve had been sent out of. Walk with him, talk with him, fellowship with him every day. I I I'd like to think about it, but I'm sure I am nowhere anywhere near close in my imagination of what it was like. If I've got a little part of it, there's millions more to it. Could you imagine being at peace all the time? At rest all the time. And let me say it this way. When Eve said, "Adam, it's a little warm over here. Can you send a cool breeze?" I don't think Adam ever thought, "No, do it yourself. Get up and do it yourself." No, there was perfect harmony. There was pleasure in pleasing one another and helping one another, being part of the family, you know, and so They they were going back to that place again to where you walk with him, you talk with him, he walks with you, he talks with you anywhere and everywhere. It doesn't have to be in church service. It can it should be. It can be at home. It could be at work. It can be with your neighbor. It can be anywhere. could be at school when you're when you're looking over as you're being trained over someone that is sick and you just want to put your hands and say, "Lord, such as I have, I give." Because you have it. He's in you. And he's not limited in you unless you limit him. I think we limit him too much. I'm not good enough for him. &gt;&gt; Let him make that decision. Right. &gt;&gt; Yes, you are. I'll come. And and repentance really is sometimes hard for us, but it's a such a blessing. I'm sorry. I was wrong. So, we're look at they're there. Now, what God had Moses had had seen the vision of the temple and they and they had built that place for God for they could meet God. Now God is templed in them. The same Jesus Christ that had walked and was with them in a physical sense is now living in them. The word the works that I do shall you do also. He said the words that I say shall you speak also. He you'll take my word and you'll give it. Now, so as I see this, it's beginning to change and and yet if you look through the through the book of Acts, you see the the changes that are going that are being recorded of of the the inddwelling of the Holy Spirit. But it did not make them perfect on the outer side, the flesh side. this had not been redeemed yet because even Paul had to call out Peter in one of the meetings and said, "Peter, you're being a hypocrite." And some of some of them didn't get along. So, some went this way and some went that way. But in all this, the message and the gospel got spread. Now, if we get into Romans, let's get into a little bit into Romans. And I think that's as far as we'll go. here Romans 11 30-36 and this is Paul Paul's writings and and speaking for as ye in times past he says have not believed God yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief he is speaking of Israel at this time even so these These also have now not believed that through your mercy they may also obtain mercy. And I like that I have received mercy and through the mercy that I have received. Could I show that same mercy to someone else? Maybe become like that that little sistern or that little um that that well that brother Brandon would go to. And he said he said he would talk to it and he would talk about you know what is it that makes that water come up? What makes that water? Is it because you know the the animals come to me and he's talking and and he said if it would answer back no it's something inside me coming up. It's coming out. It's going. It is always there. And it says, "Let me make sure I'm on the same." For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all. And then Paul says, "Oh, the depth of the riches, both of the wisdom and knowledge of God. How unsearchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out." He says,"For who has known the mind of the Lord or who has been his counselor?" And and and Paul as he's writing this, he realized this, should I say, the enormity, the the greatness of all. And and that's sometimes words just can't describe what we would like to say. But he says, "Oh, the depth of the riches, both of the wisdom and knowledge of God. How uncarchable are his judgment and his ways past finding out for who has known the mind of the Lord? Or who hath seen his been his counselor? The Lord talks with you and and he asks you if you you learn to listen to him, you learn how he speaks to you. And this is something that should be daily. Well, when's the last time you talked to him? Oh, I think it was January of 1947 or something like that. Why? It should have been just recently. Should be every day. He desires that fellowship. He wants to talk with you. He, you know, share. How's your son? How does your day go today? Well, you know, Dad, it was like this and this and this. Father, it was like this and this. I ran into this problem, but that's when I noticed you you resolved it for me. I I I reached out to you and you said, "Hey, I've got it under control." just a fellowship. He says, "Or who hath first given to him and it shall be recompense unto him for of him and through him and to him are all things to whom be glory forever. Amen." You know, I do believe the Lord will talk with you and have a conversation with you. Same way that I have with my wife, the same way that I have with my daughters, same way. Now, the level of conversation may change with who you're having the conversation with. I can't have the same conversation with my granddaughter Khloe that I can have with my wife. But I can have a conversation with Khloe, my daughter, my granddaughter. And as you grow in Christ, you'll realize the conversations that you and God have changed. There's something about, you know, how you can talk with him. You know, how he responds to you, you know, and he's wanting that. He's wanting that. Romans 12 1 and two. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the miracles of God, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Now I I read some of those and I say I I can't match that. I can't do that. I don't always fit that. But he Paul is saying I'm I'm I beseech you. I'm asking you. I'm begging you. I'm telling you. I'm pleading with you. Do it. Do it. Get to that place in your life. And he wouldn't ask us if we couldn't happen. if we couldn't get there, you know, in in how you get to God, we get we read his word and his word is the truth. There's no errors in God's word. Now, some of my translations and interpretations could be wrong, but God's word is pure and true. So, he's saying, "I I I beseech you. I beg you. I'm telling you, I insist. If I could make you do it, I would. He says, "By the mercies of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." How else could you repay, if I could say it that way, back to God, but that to give yourself to him, and let him use you and be not conformed to this world. I don't know if there's anything in the world anymore that I want to conform to. It's so ugly. It's so It's so Here and there there's something good but it's just constantly this this and this. Nobody has taken any responsibility for their actions. Nothing but blame that the other you know and then that you wonder why somebody would take their own life but it's becoming so happening so much just can't stand it anymore and they take their own life. They don't see a a way out of this. Jesus says, "But be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the re renewing of your mind. Let this mind which was in Christ." That's what Paul said. Think the things that he says, take them at his word. Say, "Lord, you said you said and you keep your word. Therefore, I can take you at your word. He says the renew that you may prove you may be a good example that the it may even be shown in your life what is a good and acceptable and perfect will of God. And maybe just touch this one in Corinthians 1 Corinthians 3 6 and 17. 16 and 17. Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? He says, if any man defile the temple of God, God shall him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. That's how God has chosen in this time after he ascended him is to come and dwell in us. Now your experience with God may be different than my experience with God and how God deals with but it'll have the same effect. It'll make you a son and daughter of God and act like a son and daughter of God because he doesn't have one going that way and one going this way. There is a way God deals with us. And and sometimes we say, "Well, Lord, how am I standing with you?" and he'll take you back to his word and he'll open it to you and say, "Look at this. Look at this. Read this. Hear this." Maybe the minister gets up and ministers and God answers a question through that. God answers if you will listen and make him available. Yeah. Musicians can can come up. Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defiles the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple you are. Now, Paul is speaking this to the Corinthians. And if you read the book of the Corinthians, it's a lot of problems. It's a lot of issues and things, but God still gave them the same promise. He didn't say except for the U Corinthians. He said no. He said present yourself that way. And that's not a a false covering. That should be an everyday life. And some of the simple things that you can learn and do every day. And I'm not saying you don't. I'm just just saying when you wake up in the morning, acknowledge him first. First and foremost, Lord, thank you for life this morning. Thank you for breath this morning. I don't know what the holds this this day holds, but I know who holds this day. I'm committing my day, my thoughts, my ways to you, Lord. And if I do something wrong, let it catch my attention and make let me make it right quickly. And you know, that's it. It it would shouldn't be just a habit. to be something we desire to do, you know, and and the day goes by and maybe something changes, something happens, and you say, "Lord, thank you for that. You saw that coming and you warned me. You showed me to go this way or Lord, I wasn't expecting that blessing today, but thank you for that blessing." You know, God walks with you. He talks with you. He desire he would come in the cool of the evening every day to fellowship with Adam and Eve. His desire for us is great. Amen. And there is no one greater than God. And he says, "Take my hand. I'll walk with you. I'll talk with you. Let's go in this together." Hold to God's unchanging hand. It will always be there. See if we get the words up to the the song. Time is filled with swift transition. Not of earth unmove can stand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, be Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring if by earthly friends forsake still more closely to him clean. You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, cover it not this world's main richest that soil decay. Seek to gain those heavenly treasures. They will never pass away. You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Behold to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is completed, if to God you have been true, fair and bright, the home in glory, your raptured soul of you. You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's all stand one more time. Daniel, &gt;&gt; you got to hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, it's a good song for what brother Aaron said. We want to hold to that hand. That hand wants to hold to us even more than we want to hold to that hand. What Brother Aaron said is right. God wants fellowship with us more than we want fellowship with him. He wants to be a father to us. He wants to be a friend to us. And sometimes, brother Aaron, we just need to slow down and let him talk with us. Let him let him be there for us. And then, friends, I promise you, your life will be better. Just slow down. Hold to that unchanging hand. Billy, if you want to come up and close. My friend here, young man, loves the Lord. He's uh he's a tremendous resource. He's good at about anything that he does. He loves the word of God. He loves the Bible and and uh he's time that I've spent with him over the past week or so, the past few days, see that he's got a wonderful knowledge of the word. And by the grace of God, Brother William is this is Josiah's brother. If you don't know him, I think everybody knows him. He's going to be with us for at least six months. We'll try to keep you longer. Lord willing. It's always Lord willing. Really, would you close in prayer, my friend? Let's pray. Dear heavenly father, I thank you for the word that we heard today. Lord, it's very practical message. Lord, I know often times, you know, we love the deeper things of God. Lord, I pray that you would help us to never forget the basics, Lord, in all that we do. Help us to wake up every morning and do your will, Lord Jesus. If there's any here that are sick or have any physical needs, I pray that you would meet each person in individually. Lord Jesus, if there's anybody suffering with temptation here, Lord Jesus, I pray for victory. Lord, &gt;&gt; we know that you always do your part, Lord Jesus. So, I pray that you would help us to do our part. Help us to claim all of your promises, Lord Jesus. Help us not to just be hearers, but also doers of the word. Lord Jesus, give us just a a love for your word, even more than we already have. Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; a love for that presence, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. because we know that in that presence even dead things live just like Aaron's rod. Lord Jesus, I ask for the remainder of this week that that presence would go with each and every person here. Lord Jesus, let us have the energy, Lord Jesus, not only to help ourselves, but to be a light to the world. Lord, as we go out every day, I commit this congregation into your hands, Lord Jesus, and pray that you go with us and just use us in Jesus' name. Amen. We are uh the storms looks like kept most of the people away tonight. So, you know what I like to do when we just have a small congregation? I just love it. And Billy, this is the way that if you travel through Latin America, which you have been a little bit, if you go to a a service, usually the um you get to shake every single person's hand. And what you what you do is you have a a greeting line and and you start with one person and then you shake that person's hand, then you step stand next to that person. Then you come through and you continue to shake hands and everybody continues to line up all the way out the door. So I want since we're um so few tonight, I want everybody to shake Brother Billy's hand and then stand next to him and then uh we will form the line all the way out. Billy, if you come over here and then brother Aaron, if you would start so we all know and then Sister Heather, yeah, stand right there in front of the chairs there. And let's uh yeah, brother Aaron, maybe. Yeah, whichever way, Sister Heather, that's great right there. You're perfect. Good. And then we'll we'll all come we'll come down the aisle through here and we'll let's go. Let's go. Uh yeah, that's fine. Perfect. Perfect. Good. We are well practiced. Hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; Oh, to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; Build your hopes on things eternal. &gt;&gt; You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; And time is filled with swift transition. Not of earth unmoved can stand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, hold to God's unchanging hand. &gt;&gt; You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, we build your hopes on things in eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Oh, trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring. Oh, with my earthly friends forsake, still hold closely to him please. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Oh, and build your hopes on things eternal. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand and co not this world riches. Whatsoever. Seek to gain those heavenly treasures. They will never pass away.
