################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-25 - The Golden Rule Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-25
Title:    The Golden Rule: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JL2a0mq7y8E
========================================

Description:
Sunday, January 25, 2026. 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans continues with the Sermon on the Mount Series. Matthew 7:12-13.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, it's already done. It's already done. Battle is over. Victory is one. It's already done. Oh yes, it's already done. It's already done. Battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Sing. I'm already healed. I'm already here. I'm already here. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Sing. My family is sealed. Oh, my family is sealed. My family is here. The battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing. It's already done. One more time. It's already done. It's already done. The battle is over. The victory is one. It's already done. Praise the Lord. We're going to sing Who You Say I Am as Brother Daniel comes. We'll start with verse one. Who am I that the highest king would welcome me? What a thought to think. Creator of the heavens and earth. The whole universe created each one of us, but not only do all that, but welcome us to be his sons and daughters to come live with him in his kingdom. Can you believe it? Amen. Who am I that the highest king would welcome me? I was lost but he brought me. Oh his love for me. Oh his love for me. who the sun sets free. Oh, it's free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am free at last. He has ransom me. His grace runs deep. While I was a sin to slave, Jesus died for me. Yes, he died for me. Who the sun sets free. Oh, is free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Sing that again. Who the son? who the sun sets free. Oh, is free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Oh, in my father's house there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. I am chosen. I am chosen. Not forsaken. I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. I am chosen, not forsaken. I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. I am who you say I am. who the sun sets free. Oh, is free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Would you all stand with me this morning? In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Amen. Who is a child of God this morning? Raise your hand up there high because it's the greatest honor that you could have. Let's bow our heads. Father, we're grateful Lord that we can raise our hands and say that I am a child of God. Lord, we are your sons and your daughters. And we pray Lord that we could live a life that would be pleasing to you and that Lord that you would join us &gt;&gt; in this service. Bless us Lord with your presence. We pray we love you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. God bless you all. Welcome. I I didn't get a list of visitors, but I heard brother Arie recognize a few. Welcome. We We appreciate you coming. God bless Nina back there. Is it Zeke? Welcome. God bless you. It's good to have you in service. And any other visitors we have. Um we're grateful. Uh we took up the offering this morning for uh the work that we are helping out with in Durban, South Africa. I mentioned it a few times and I'll mention it again. We'll see uh as long as the Lord leads in this direction, we'll continue uh supporting brother Steven Young and the work that he has there. And uh I am always willing to change as the Lord changes direction. But things are have been going very very well. Brother Steven sent me a letter yesterday and I asked him to could you give us a report that I could read to the church and he sent me this report from uh brother Steven Young in South Africa. He said, "Brother Daniel and the saints of Tucson Tabernacle, greetings in the name of our Lord Jesus. I have so much good news to share with you all. Our little church has been growing steadily and even our midweek service was full of visitors. Now, if you remember right, this is um this st this church just started up a few months ago. So, this is a brand new church here, grassroots. Our little church has been growing steadily and even our midweek service was full of visitors. Though we were we're grateful for good attendance, our focus and emphasis is not on numbers, but rather in a genuine spiritual transformation in the lives of the people that we serve. In this regard, I've been greatly encouraged by a recent interaction we had with we had with a new believer, brother Kubin Governor, who on Sunday had his baby girl dedicated to the Lord. We blessed her according to Markap 10 verse 13- 16. Could you put the Yeah, there's the picture of a family that they had the little baby dedicated. Uh new people in the church there in South Africa. Um there's there's a large Indian uh from India population there that have their roots from India. There are the um the native Africans. There are the Dutch whites that are there. So it's a melting pot of a lot of different um races there. He says, "A few days later, thank you." "A few days later, he asked me to to pay him a visit at his work." This is uh Brother Kubin, "Pay him a visit at his work." And uh there he confessed that he's had a problem with with smoking weed, smoking marijuana since the COVID lockdown period, and has tried quitting, but was finding it challenging. We shared a portion of scripture with him in James chapter 5 and verse 16. And I told him that he had done right the right thing by speaking to us. Without telling him of his problem, we may never without him telling us of his problem, we may never have known what he was struggling with. We prayed the prayer of faith and we know that God will deliver him even as he has delivered us from the same spirits of bondage and bad habits. We further encouraged him to feed on the word of God wherever he feels tempted and to speak the word in faith because that's what Jesus demonstrated in the hour of his temptation. He quoted, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." &gt;&gt; My wife and I have both resumed our voluntary work with two orphanages in our vicinity. She spends a few hours with the children of Ethel Ethlbert Children's Home, a Methodistr run institution where she's been reading to the little ones and teaching them about the word of about God's word. And I have been called upon to assist some troubled youth at the Malver's Children's Home after we reunited one of the children residing there with his family who are homeless and living on the streets at the Durban Beachfront. It's quite a testimony how we even got involved with them in the first place. But when the social worker learned about our involvement, he somehow found my number and asked me to work with their young people on a regular basis. I get to see them for an hour every Friday. We even managed to receive a donation of chocolates. And for all the youth residing at for all the youth residing at the home and my family and I were able to deliver it just before Christmas. We thank God for all the smiles on their little faces. However, our heart's desire is for God to transform their lives and for them to make the most important choice, the choice to follow Christ. Please keep these young people in your prayers. I also received a report from brother Ramlan who from whom God has opened a door to the prison ministries. He is certainly the right man for the job and has a heart for the many broken lives trapped behind bars. He reported three baptisms over the past few weeks. &gt;&gt; Amen. He reported three baptisms over the past few weeks, which is a major breakthrough in the section of prison that he ministers at. Furthermore, our Lur church has just received an invitation to join a very wellestablished and missionary oriented church for the service tomorrow morning. The 88-year-old pastor, also wellrespected evangelist, had closed his Sunday evening service and supported our tent campaign in December. And he now desires for us to work together on a few outreach campaigns he has planned in the months ahead months ahead. We pray that the Lord will guide us and that we'll be effective laborers in his field. My family and I and the believers in Durban are grateful for all your love, prayers, and support for our ministry. And he says, and he he has a PS here. He says, Cynth, Sister Cynthia Zulu, another new believer, is also grateful for the financial assistance that she received from Tucson Tabernacle and from my brother, if you remember right, last month. her daughter's school fees were paid in full for 2026 and as a result she was able to purchase some new clothes and good food for for her family. We are so thankful to the Lord for using you all to bless her family and ours. May God bless you all, brother Stephen and the Saints in Durban, South Africa. Amen. I do believe it's a worthy cause and and uh he's a he's a young he's a brother that is filled with the spirit and he has a burden for lost souls and I know that many of us share that same burden. We're going to get into the golden rule this morning. And uh last week we talked about how praying and how God gives the best gifts and how Jesus instructed us to ask and to seek and to knock and to ask and to keep asking. If we have a need then to ask God and keep putting it before him to seek and then to keep seeking and we seek. When we seek we are seeking for God's will in these things, not our own will. This is the hard part. We are going before the Lord and we're we're laying our own desires aside. And we are truly saying,"Lord, I want your will in this this desire that I have, Lord, or this need that I have. Lord, I want your will. If you want me to suffer a little longer, I'll suffer, Lord. If because I know you have a purpose. If if you want to heal me or if you want to for me to to to leave and to go somewhere else, Lord, I just want your will. Lord, help me. That is the seeking part. Remember, God doesn't bow to our will. We may get what we want against his will because of our own desires and not seeking the Lord, but it never works out well. So, we we seek and we keep seeking and then once we have found the will of God, then we go before him in the name of Jesus Christ and we knock. And that's where our faith comes in. When you know that you have the mind of Christ, when you know what the will of God is for your life, then you can go before the Lord in confidence and with faith and know that you will receive what you are asking for in God's time. And earlier in Matthew 7, we learn from our Lord Jesus in the sermon on the mount. He said, "We are not to judge others. And now that you realize that you have a log in your eye, make sure to get that out of your eye before you're working on the speck that's in somebody else's eye. Judge not that you be not judged is what he told us. Then then in Matthew chapter 6, now we see that our life shouldn't be focused on money or on worldly possessions. And now that that you you you shouldn't be praying to get in front of the people and draw attention to yourself, but you should be praying that in in secret and and going before the Lord for other people. And we were given in Matthew chapter 6, we were given an example of a prayer. We call it the Lord's prayer. Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. And then Jesus taught us to prever prefer others over ourselves and to give to the needy and to store up our treasures in heaven. This is all in this masterpiece called the sermon on the mount. Matthew chapter 5 6 and 7. Then when we get when we started in Matthew 5, Jesus taught that we should love our enemies just like you love your friends and that you can commit murder by just hating someone and just slandering someone. that you can commit adultery by just desiring someone that's not your spouse. He's working on the heart. He's working on the inner man because he knows that that inner man will be manifested outwardly. He taught that we should be honest in our everyday lives. So honest that we should never have to say I promise I I swear that this is the truth. No, you should be have such respect because of the honesty that you always speak that you just say the word and people know that this brother or this sister is telling the truth. &gt;&gt; And he started his sermon with the biatitudes, the blessings, the Christian progression. Blessed are the poor in spirit. They understand that there is something lacking in their life. I had this conversation with a young man about about this um when I was in Jeffersonville a couple days ago and it's just so full of wisdom and he he he understood he he never really understood what is the whole purpose of Jesus and Christianity and you bring him right back to this this just the very start of the sermon on the mount and then it just makes things make sense. Blessed are those who mourn. They feel bad for their sins and they regret what they've done. For they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek. They humble themselves before the Lord and they admit that they need a change in their life. For they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness. Now that they've changed, now that there's desires have changed in their life, they they're going to make those changes. They're hungering and thirsting after righteousness. Blessed are the pure in heart. Now they receive a new heart. Once you become a Christian, you've given your heart to the Lord. There's a change that takes place in you. That old stony heart is gone. And now the desire in your heart is to serve God. And that replaces the the desire for sin that you used to have. The Christian progression is getting higher as Jesus is going through the biatitudes. And he says he says, "Blessed are the peacemakers. Now they're on the battlefield for the Lord. Instead of fighting and causing discord and causing problems, they desire peace and harmony in the body of Christ. Blessed are those, then we come to this last one. Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. And then when we finally get there, when we finally give our hearts to the Lord, when we finally make that commitment, when when the when the Lord fills us with his spirit, then we can rest assured that we will be persecuted for what we believe. It's part of it. Now, we understand the biatitudes. We understand the Christian progression. And really Jesus said in in Matthew chapter 5, he also said he said, ' Don't misunderstand why I have come. I didn't come to abolish the law of Moses and the or the writings of the prophets. These this Old Testament, this Bible that was in place at that time was very important. He said, I didn't come to do away with any of it. He said, I came to accomplish its purpose. I came to fulfill this law and the prophets. And now we get to that point. We've gone through all the biatitudes and we've gone through all the teachings on adultery and marriage and and and and lying and all of these different things and and we get to this point where Jesus now is going to bring us to the next level. And he says this word, he says, "Therefore." So all that I just summarized, all of the teaching in this first sermon that Jesus preached, he goes through all of these things and he says, "Therefore, or we might say, so why all of these things?" He's going to paint now. He's been very specific before. Now he's just going to paint with a broad brush in Matthew chapter 7. before. He's been very specific, but watch him sum it up right now. He says, "Therefore," Matthew chapter 7:12, and this is a golden scripture, and it's very, very important. Matthew chapter 7 verse 12 says this therefore remember he brought all the way up to there up to here and he says now this is why all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you do even so to them for this is the law and the prophets he summed it up right Jesus often, and you'll see as you read through this sermon on the mount and you get really familiar with it, you'll see later on Jesus in Matthew and and in Luke and and the apostles do the same thing. You'll see that they they go back to this sermon on the mount. And Jesus does this. He does this often in Matthew chapter 22. Long after he preached this sermon, he restates it. Matthew 22 verse number 34. But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him and saying, "Master, which is the great commandment in the law?" So he's saying, "What is this all about? Jesus, Rabbi, what is this all about? What's the most important thing? If I really want to get it, what's the most important thing?" And Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." So he's saying, "Love the Lord first. Above above all that you are, above all that that is in your heart and your soul and your mind, put God first in everything that you do. Love the Lord God first with everything that's in you." This is the first and the great commandment and the second is like it. So he's saying this second commandment is like to the like unto the first. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. So these two commandments are similar. The amplified version of verse um the amplified translation of verse number 39 says this. And the second is like it. You shall love your neighbor as yourself. That is unselfishly seek the best or the higher good for others. And on these two commandments, remember what I just read in Matthew chapter 7. Now later on he says, "And on these two commandments hang all the law and all the prophets." You know what he's talking about the law? That's Moses's writing Genesis through Deuteronomy. And then the prophets is everything outside of Moses's writing written by the prophets. So basically the whole Bible hangs on this that you love one another and you love the Lord God. Seems kind of simple, doesn't it? It's not. It's very, very important. So Moses's books, Joshua, Samuel, Kings and Chronicles, and Daniel and Jonah and Psalms and Proverbs and Malachi, all of it hangs on loving God and loving one another. Jesus is saying this. That's the most important thing and it's the thing that's so often forgot. This is the golden rule. Remember, treat others as you would have others treat you. The Bible doesn't call it the golden rule. It's said golden because we call it golden because gold is a standard of of the highest value. And if something, you know, if if something goes above and beyond, you just say, "Oh man, that was golden." You know, like that was the best. But the golden rule when Jesus was here was probably familiar to those that were around him as he was preaching on this this sermon on the mount. Sea of Galilee is over here and and the the disciples are down here and the people are gathering and when he talked about that this all the law and all the prophets hang on this to treat others to do unto others as you would have do unto you they pro it probably sounded a little familiar to them. Confucious in 600 BC 600 years earlier said this do not impose on others what you do not wish for yourself. Ancient Greece Thales said this about 600 BC also avoid doing what you would blame others for doing. Hinduism about 400 BC says this, "Do not to others what you do not wish done to yourself." This is the whole of Dharma. Heed it well. And in ancient Persia, Zorastrian Zorastriism 300 years BC, whatever is disagreeable to yourself, do not do it to others. Sounds familiar, huh? But it's different. Jesus said it different than all the other ones said it. Watch how Jesus says. Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, do you even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets. So everybody else is saying, "No, don't do don't do to those things that you don't like someone do to you." But Jesus is he puts it in the active sense. He puts it he he doesn't say as I always say it's not what you don't do for God that matters. You know when you you might go before the Lord and you might say Lord I quit drinking. I quit smoking. I quit doing this. I quit doing this. I didn't do this. I didn't do this. I didn't do that. Lord I didn't do anything for you. I know we shouldn't be doing those things. But we also have to do something. And that's how Jesus is saying it here. All the other ones says they say don't don't don't. Jesus says do. Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, even so do do ye even so to them. For this is the law and the prophets. So everything is summed up right here in this golden rule. It's important. Number one, it says to apply this in all things. And look up there, verse 12. Therefore, all things. And number two, Jesus difference from differs from the others because he is telling us to do something, not to not do something. So what does this have to do with you and me? You know, we can think, oh, well, I'd like it maybe if here's how I would want someone to treat me, so I'm going to treat them in the same way. So how can we apply this to our lives? One thing all of us have control of and words are more powerful now than they have ever been in the history of the world with social media and with the large microphone that everybody has is we have to be careful what we say. I was in the airport um two days ago coming home from Jeffersonville and I was sitting there and and um waiting for uh and waiting at the gate and there was these three um older folks that were there and uh they were obviously from a church and they were obviously some sort of officials in the church. And the lady that was there was a lady and and two men. And the lady kept praising Jesus and she kept talking about the Lord. And the other two men while she was there, they would they would kind of talk about the Lord. And then when she would leave, they would start and they started talking about the uh a deacon in the church. These two men talking to each other and how he was after power and he was on a power trip and they were talking they were talking about him. Then they said, "You remember when Bishop so and so came or when Apostle so and so came and and how he SET HE HE SET THAT IN ORDER AND HE they said the one said the brother." I was like, "Amen, BROTHER. YOU PREACH IT, BROTHER. THAT'S RIGHT." AND HE WAS HE WAS HE WAS TALKING ABOUT that deacon and that deacon was wrong and he was they were talking about all of this and they were putting down the pastor because he wouldn't address it and everything was negative. And then the lady shows back up and she sits down and they shut up and she starts talking about the Lord and one of them let a little word about the pastor come out. And I forgot what it was, but it was something about um not taking care of things in church. And this lady, the two men were over here, and then there was a little aisle and and she was sitting here. And this lady leaned forward in her her chair. And I'm I'm sitting right here, and I'm just digging all this. I have my my earbuds in, but I was listening. And uh and she she puts her hands up and the one that said it, she says, "Come here and he leans over to the edge of his edge of his chair and she puts her hands up and she said, "Grab my hands." and and he put her his hands in her hands. And she said, "But the pastor loves the Lord Jesus and he preaches the Lord Jesus." And she said, "And I love the Lord Jesus." And she said, "That's all that matters." And then she they were they talked a little bit more. Shut them up. She gets up and she walks away. And man, they started again. And I almost I didn't do it and I say, "Lord, should I or should I not?" I almost said, "Friends, I'm talking about the golden rule in a couple days in my church. I'm a pastor, and I just wanted to say, you all are not doing it. I I didn't say it, but maybe I should have, but they were just talking and running these these people down." But when that lady would come in and she would sit there, it stopped because she brought a presence. And imagine if you were that deacon. The deacon wasn't there, but they were running down. Imagine if you were that person. The golden rule, Jesus said, "Do unto others as you would have others do to you." Imagine if you were that deacon and you knew that this lady stood up for you. That is what Jesus is talking about. Do unto others. Now, what do you think that if these two men there and how would they feel if there was two other men in another airport in another terminal running them down? They wouldn't like it. But this lady was actually doing it. she was doing. She was sticking up and she was using her voice to help to live this golden rule. Ephesians 4:29 says, "Let no corrupt word proceed out of your mouth. But what is good for necessary edification, that it may minister grace unto the hearers." The New King James says, "That it may impart grace to the hearers." Amplified version says, "Do not let unh wholesome words ever come out of your mouth, but only such speech as is good for building up others according to the need and the occasion, so that it will be a blessing to those who hear you speak." Same as this lady. She was a blessing. She she corrected that just with her positive attitude that is showing that she is doing what she would want done to her. We talk about other good people, you know, and and we what things would you want behind your back? All of us all of us have had people talk about us. What would you what would you want said behind your back? Would would you want somebody to stick up for you? Would you want somebody to talk good about you? Would you want somebody to lift you up? Or would you want somebody to point out all of your faults? Would you want somebody to repeat the gossip that's going on around you? The golden rule. Well, do to others. Do to others what you would want done to you. Be careful of your tongue. Be careful of what you say. That's just one part of this rule. That's how Jesus can say it all rests on this. If you could just do this one thing, all of the law and all of the prophets is right here. Couple years ago, I was driving home from work. I was on I 10. And I see this lady broken down and I see this van behind her and I thought, "Oh, well, I'd better stop to where I can maybe I could I could offer some assistance." And here is Katie Aaho's dad, Joe Robson, and he's got his van and he's got a whole van full of kids and and they're all there. And here is Joe. And Joe is jacking up the the car that's sitting in front of him. And there's this lady, this elderly lady. And here's Joe getting all greasy and dirty and changing the tire for this for this woman. He didn't know her. He just pulled over and stopped. And you think what what moved him to stop and help. Imagine if that was his wife there and she needed help. Imagine if it was Joe's mom, his elderly mother, sitting beside the road, not knowing what to do, not having anyone to call. This lady, it was so sweet because she didn't have anybody to help her. And here comes an angel from God stops and uh Nina, were you there? Nina probably. So So you've done this before. But an angel from the Lord is sent to help. And Job was doing to this person what he would want done to him. Jesus Jesus is preaching this golden rule and he's saying all of it all of it rests on this. All of the gossip that you do, all of the lies that you do, all the murder that you commit, all of the adultery that that you have, if you would just, you wouldn't want to cheat on your husband or your wife if you put that person first because you wouldn't want it done to you. It all rests on this. You can see why Jesus would say that. Jesus really lived the golden rule. He was the one who served. He lives his life every day, every moment for other people. Why do you think it meant so much to Jesus? Jesus is he he's coming to the end of his life when this lady comes in and anoints his head with oil and washes his feet with her tears and wipes them off with her hair. Why did that mean so much to him? It meant a lot because he was always serving others. And I'm sure it felt very good to have somebody do something for him. Jesus's life was when he was praying. He said, "This kind," when the epileptic boy came up, they said, "Why couldn't we cast him out?" He says, "This kind only goes out through prayer and fasting." Jesus was praying and Jesus was fasting not for himself, but for other people. He was living his life so he could help others. And then he lays it down. He says it's all about this. Jesus said in Matthew 23:1, "But he who is great among you shall be your servant." He who is great among you shall be your servant. So the ones are being served who are being served are not the great ones. The ones who are the ones who are great are the ones who are doing something. They're the ones out there serving people. You know, we they treat other people as they would want to be treated. And Jesus was the perfect example of that. Verse number 12. And whoever exalts himself will be humbled. And he who humbles himself will be exalted. When a negative word is spoken about somebody who's not there, they stand up for that person and they speak something positive because that's what they would want somebody to do for them. There's always negative to say, but are you going to be the one that says it? There's always positive to say, and are you going to be the one that says it? When you gossip about somebody or put someone down, really, you're exalting yourself over that person. But when you speak positive about someone, you are humbling yourself and you're lifting that other person up. Jesus in the garden of Gethsemane in Matthew chapter 26. Jesus was there. This is he was about to go to a cross and here he is and and he knows what's about to happen and he was heavy burdened and he just wanted somebody to pray with him. How many times had he prayed for others? How many times had had he been there for others? And he just wanted somebody to pray with him. He knew how it was. That's how he could make a stand. So many times and and him go because he knew what it was to want somebody just to be there for him. Peter, James, and John are there and he's he's like, "Can you just pray with me a little bit? Can you just watch a little bit? I'm going to go right over here. Just just pray." Hey. And he goes up there and they fall asleep and he comes back and he's like, "Please, can you just pray with me?" He knew how it was. He wanted help. And then he goes and goes there and it's the dead of night and gets on his knees and and he's so tormented that even the water and the blood separated him inside of his body and and the the sweat was coming down like blood off of his face. And then what did he say? He said, "Lord," he said, "father," he said, "let this cup pass from me." Jesus wanted a savior. He wanted somebody to save him, but there was no one that could save him. But do you see what he did? Then he I mean, it could have. He said, "But Lord, I want your will first." He wanted help. But he did for others what he wanted done to him. He saved us. And there he is. He goes to the cross by his own his own choice. He goes to the cross and he's up there and they walk by and they said, "Oh, look at him. He saved others, but himself he couldn't save. Why is that? It's because he he could have saved himself. He could have came down off the cross. They told him, "Why don't you come down off the cross?" He could have, but he would have been serving himself. It would have been putting himself first. But no, he put us first. &gt;&gt; He did the golden rule. He said, "I will stand for them." He said, 'Lord, I'll give my life for them. I don't want to do it. This is going to be hard, but I will go to the cross. And there here he is on the cross. And what does he do? What would you want to do if you were dying? He did what he wanted someone to do. He prayed for them. He said, "Lord, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." And here is the grace of Jesus Christ on these people. They're spitting in his face and and and killing him, nailing him to the cross. And here is Jesus doing exactly what he would have wanted someone to do for him, giving his life for someone else, doing unto others as he would have wanted. Lord, let this cup pass from me. No one could save him. But he still wanted it. He still desired it. And later really, it didn't matter. It didn't matter how they they they treated Jesus. They spit in his face. They ripped his hair out. They stuck the the thorns in his head. They nailed him to the cross. That didn't matter to him. It does. And it doesn't matter, friends, to us. &gt;&gt; It does not matter one bit. If someone treats you bad, that doesn't mean that Jesus's word isn't true to do under others as you would have them do to you. Doesn't matter how you're treated. It matters that we follow him. And he said, "You treat others." Well, they they've done this to me and that they've done that to me. It doesn't matter. That's not his commandment. His commandment is how do you want to be treated? Then you treat others that way. And then here is Jesus. He goes to the cross. He he's he's crucified there. And and what does he say? He says, "Now you take up your cross and you follow me." What does that mean? You don't go to the cross for yourself. You go to the cross for someone else. He says, "Now you take up your cross and you follow me. You serve others as I have served them. You save others as I have saved them." There's only salvation through Jesus Christ. But we can help. We can point people to the Lord. We can preach the word to them. We can stand on his promises and point people to a a risen savior. And it's hard. And they spit in your face. They they they talk about you. They they run you down. They might discriminate against you at work or wherever it might be. But you can still take up your cross and follow Jesus. for those people that hate you. Do unto others as you would have others do unto you. sad thing is that when Jesus says therefore in Matthew chapter 7, he says all of these beautiful things in the sermon on the mount and he says therefore people might say well you know it's just it's too simple. It's not it's not the deep things. It's not the mysteries. We want the we want the mysteries. A lot of times the mysteries aren't even in the Bible. That's why they're so intriguing. This is a very, very simple thing that Jesus is talking about. But he says all the Bible, all the prophets, they rest on this this one thing. You might say, "Well, that's just not important to me. It's just too simple." Back to Matthew 7. Verse number 12, back to this golden rule. Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets. Another translation says, "So then, in everything, treat others the same way you would want them to treat you, for this is the essence of the law and the writings of the prophets. The golden rule really shouldn't shouldn't be applied like I want someone to do that to me so I'm or I wouldn't want someone to do that to me so I'm not going to do it to them. Instead say you know it would really help me if someone would stick up for me behind my back or pray for me or take me to church sometime or call me and tell me how much I mean to them. You know it would really help me if somebody did that. and then you do it. You know, people you're always thinking, well, don't expect someone to do something for you that you're not willing to do to them. Do for them. Nobody cares about me. How many people How many people called to see how I'm doing? Well, how many people have you called today? Because you have a burden for them. I wish somebody would stick up for me. How many people have you stuck up for behind their backs? You know, send out a prayer request and we see it and we, you know, give a little heart, you know, a little praying hands. But how many people really prayed over the requests that we've seen go out and you say, you might just say, I just need some help. I just I just need something. How many times have you helped other people? I'm not saying that we do this for for a reciprocal thing. But it is important. Therefore, all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you, even so do to them. For this is the law and the prophets. So the B whole Bible hangs on this on these these simple things that Jesus said, which is basically love the Lord God with all of your heart and love each other with the same love that you have for God and do unto others as you would have do unto them or that you would have them do to you. And you say, "But brother Daniel," and I know sometimes I'll get criticized. Well, we want you to preach this or we want you to do that. Why do you always go back to this type of thing? It seems so simple. Listen to me. If I was in the congregation this morning and I was listening to the pastor preach, I would want someone who would bring out the word and bring correction to me and to point me to the words of Jesus Christ and to show me maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm not believing right. That's the pastor that I would want. I would want that somebody that loves me and that cares for me. And that is a burden for this. That is a burden for me. That has a burden for my children to see them grow up in the in the image of Jesus Christ. That's what I would want if I'm in the congregation. And friends, that's what I'm trying to do &gt;&gt; is point to this word. And you say, "Well, why is this golden rule so important?" You know, if it sounds good and we see that Jesus said, "Oh, well, all the law and all the prophets and and everything hinges on this." But why is it so important? What are the consequences? Think about this. What are the consequences if we don't follow the golden rule? Read the next verse. Verse number 13. Enter ye in at the straight gate. Most translations say narrow gate or small gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction and many there be which go in there. Because straight is the gate and narrow is the way which leadth unto life and few there will be that find it. Jesus is speaking about the golden rule right here. This is a sermon on the mount. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? Do we do we grasp how important these words from the Lord Jesus are? You know, you want to hear mysteries and and and you want to hear all these things, but speaking of of treating others, how you would want to be treated is the essence of it all. Verse number 13, New Living Translation says this. Listen to this. You can enter the God's kingdom only through the narrow gate. The highway to hell is broad &gt;&gt; and its gate is wide for the many who choose that way. But the gateway to life is very narrow and the road is difficult and only a few ever find it. Jesus often mentions hell. It's not mentioned very much in modern day churches. Some say that he talked more, some scholars say that he actually mentions hell more than he mentions heaven. He wasn't afraid to mention it. And then a few verses later, he says this verse number 20. Wherefore, he's talking about false prophets, which we'll get into next week if the Lord's willing. Wherefore by their fruits you shall know them. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. We just learned what the will of the father is. And he says, "You're not going to go unless you do that. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name and in thy name cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works?" And then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, you that work iniquity. Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock. How important. He says, "Therefore," and he gives us the golden rule. And then he says in the very next verse, listen, this is a narrow path, but wide is the road to hell. Luke, I don't have time to read it, but everyone wants mysteries. I remember when I was in Jeffersonville, we found like 10 new sermons. There's 1,200 of them and everybody wanted these 10 because they were just found. They were new. I was like kind of like, have you listened to all 1,200? Do you want these? You want these 10? Everybody wants something new. Everybody wants a mystery. Everybody wants something that's maybe not written in the Bible. It's mysterious. Some the the things that are written that Jesus said, they may seem simple, but they're hard to put into practice. He set this bar very, very high. And he says in Luke, I said, I talked about last week how this this woman came before the unjust judge and she kept knocking at his door and she kept saying,"Lord, help me or judge, help me. Help me. I need to be avenged of my adversary." And then finally this judge got tired of it. And he says, "Give her what she wants." And then the Lord Jesus says, "Now that's how you should pray, where you knock all the time. Lord, I need this. I need it." And you continue to knock and he's not a just judge. He loves us. But then God will hear your prayers and answer. And Jesus says this. Now you want to hear a mystery. Here's one of the greatest ones in the Bible. Unjust judge saying. He says, "I will tell you Jesus talking about him. He says that he will avenge them speedily." Listen to this. Luke 18:8. Nevertheless, when the son of man cometh, shall he find faith on earth. When Jesus returns, is he going to find people who are actually practicing what he taught? The musicians can come and we'll close. Will he find people who are not running each other down? Will he find people who are supporting each other? Will he find people who are saying positive things about each other like this lady was in the airport? Will he find people who are standing up for each other? Will he find people who are doing unto others as they would have others do to them? I'm not putting too much emphasis, friends, on these things. Jesus basically said we're in danger of hell if we don't do it. being the pastor of the church and trying to present the word in the correct way. I would want somebody to tell me, hey, here is what is important. Here is the priority in your life. Here is what it's all about. You say, "Well, you know, you're saying that all the mysteries and all the prophecies and all the doctrines and and all of these things, you know, the can be summed up with love the Lord your God with all of your heart, mind, and soul, and love your neighbor as yourself. Love with that same love and and then do unto others as you would have others do unto you." Are you saying, Brother Daniel, are you saying that it's that simple? No, I'm not saying it's that simple. Jesus is saying it's that simple. I'm just reading what he said. You know, there's people here in every churches, every church that they may resent the way that they were raised. They may resent the way that they grew up or they may resent how the church treated them. and they come back. And then there's others who want the same thing that they grew up with. They want to go back to those things. Neither of them, I'm not saying anything good or bad about either of them, but here is wisdom. So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you. For this sums up the law and the prophets. Remember the mark. It's the truth. The words of our Lord Jesus, the consequences are great. The reward is really is beyond measure. Amen. Let's bow our heads. With our heads bowed, friends, I ask that each person here would evaluate their life. As the Apostle Paul said, "Let a man examine himself. Examine yourself." And Lord, am I putting the right things right? Am I concentrating on what you concentrated on? Or has my mind and my religion gone in a different direction? The Lord Jesus's words were very simple. Think on these things, brothers and sisters. Lord, we thank you, Father, for the simplicity of your word and Lord, the the wisdom that just is overflowing out of these words of Jesus and and how, Lord, he did it. He actually accomplished it. Now father was commanded by our lord to take up our cross and follow him. Lord help us to take up this cross. Lord bear it before others. Present the gospel in the way that it should be presented. Lord stand for each other and love one another. love you, Father, with all of our heart, mind, and soul. Love one another. And Lord, to really put this rule in practice. Help us, Father, we pray. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand as we sing. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us home. We turn our eyes from evil things, oh Lord. We cast our Can we sing that again? We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to run. We bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, let us be a generation that seeks, who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I uh Jesus very much set the bar very high and I thank God he did and he told us he warned us here are the consequences of not doing these things. So friends, please take this word seriously. Put these things into action. I um I think about the uh I mentioned last week or last month that uh Steven Young in South Africa, he saw this lady there at the school and uh the school where they were um going to have their um revival at the tent meeting and he saw that she needed help. Poor lady. Stephen, he is every every day he's dependent on the Lord right now with his family and and getting this church started and he's really stepping out by faith. And he walked up to up there and he paid with what money that he had by faith. He paid that lady's tuition for her her child. And then uh this past week he was able to pay for the whole year for a child. And I think I sure would have wanted somebody to do that for me for my children if I would have needed it. Boy, it would have just Can you imagine just never having a thought of God? Never having a thought that he can provide. And then this angel comes out of nowhere and provides what you need. Can you imagine doing to others as you would have them do to you? And now I I think it's it's really neat, really really cool. Our offering today for South Africa is $777. Yeah, I don't I don't I don't get weird, you know, with the with the numbers and stuff, but boy, I'm glad it wasn't 666 77. That's a good number. Brother Steven, we love you. We love your family. We love the Saints there in Durban. And uh we're honored that we can do unto you like we would want someone to do unto us. God bless you friends. No service tonight. I believe on Wednesday, if I'm not mistaken, we have our Wednesday night fireside Bible study, which I'm looking forward to. I like doing it. And um then next week, next Sunday, um I know this one was a was a pretty strong one, but next Sunday, we're going to be talking about false prophets and how we recognize a false prophet. Jesus is next. It's next year on the list, and we're getting pretty close to wrapping up this sermon on the mount. And it's it's taken me like three or four months. Um, but man, these these words in red, I know everything from cover to cover is the word of God, but those words in red, wow, they really they really get to us. God bless you, friends. I pray that the Lord will be with you. And remember, start thinking all the time, would someone what would someone want me to do in this situation? And then do it that way. God bless you. You're dismissed.
