################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-05-15 - Keeping Focus On Your Purpose In Life   051417   Bro  Kenneth Walker - Kenneth Walker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2017-05-15
Title:    Keeping Focus On Your Purpose In Life   051417   Bro  Kenneth Walker
Speaker:  Kenneth Walker
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTHutmoxIXA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] ourselves, magnify his name and worship him. [Music] Let's get him on him and worship him. Oh my god. Oh, worship him. Sing Jesus Christ our Lord. Let's forget about ourself. actly him and worship him. Let's forget about ourselves, consecrate on him and worship him. Let's forget about our sin, consecrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Oh, worship him. Jesus Christ the Lord. Oh Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Yes. We're here this morning just to worship him and thank him. We take for granted sometimes things that happens um at home, on the road, at home, these different things we deal with. But it's by his grace that we're here this morning. Dear heavenly father, let's have a little prayer. We want to pray for those who are still on the way. Bless our pastor as he prepares to bring his message that you've given him today, Lord God. And help us, dear Lord Jesus, to understand and just how thankful we are for all that you do in our lives. asks a special brother um blessing for the mothers on this mother's day. Oh, it's just um so much dear God that they have done and is doing and those who have mothers, you should be so thankful and it's a precious um gift that God has given us our mothers and we just thank you all mothers and uh may the God bless you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's turn to Psalms um 134. [Music] Psalmist says, "Behold, bless ye the Lord, all ye servants of the Lord, which by night stand in the house of the Lord. Lift up your hands in the sanctuary, and bless the Lord, the Lord that made heaven and earth. Bless thee out of Zion." Short psalm, but just to the point. We just want to bless him and thank him for all that he does. [Music] What a friend we had in Jesus. All our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often. Oh, what needless pain we bear all because we do not care to God in prayer Have we trials and temptation is their trouble anywhere? [Music] Oh, we should never be this. Oh, just take it to the Lord in prayer. Oh, can we find a friend so faithful [Music] who with all our sorrow share [Music] Jesus knows our every wayless Say it to the Lord in prayer. Are we weak and heavy lay them? Now come bird with a load of care. Preious Savior, still our reuge. [Music] will take it to the Lord in prayer. [Music] To thy friends this forsake thee, [Music] oh take it to the Lord in prayer. In his arms he'll take and shield me. Oh thou will find a soulless [Music] we trials and temptations. [Music] Oh, is there trble anywhere? [Music] We should never be discouraged. [Music] Just take it to the Lord in prayer. Again we find the friend so faithful who with all our sorrow share. Oh Jesus [Music] knows our every weakness. take it to the Lord in prayer. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Without one place, but that thy blood was shed for me, and that thou bit me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God. I come. I come just as I am. and waiting not to read my soul of one dark blood to thee whose blood cleans each spot. Oh lamb of God I come. I come just as I am. Roads fall abound with many of many doubts. I think and fears within with all of God I come. I [Music] come just as I am who reach and blind sight riches he ling off the mind. Hey, all I need in the find [Music] of God. I come. I come. Just as I am, thou will receive will come on and cleans really. [Music] Because thy promise I believe. Oh lamb of God. I come. I come. [Music] hand. I am thy love on broken head. Rear down now to [Music] the vine. divine alone. Oh lamb of God I come. I come. Thank you Jesus. Help [Applause] us. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh god. [Music] Oh my king in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. that all the earth joys. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his bone. Trembles at his b. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Sing how great how great is our God. Oh, how great [Music] is our God. Sing with me. How great is thy God in all the world. How great, how great is our God. [Music] Oh, [Applause] you are worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, sing. How great, how great is our God. [Music] age to age he and time is in his hands beginning. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, sing how great. How great is our God. [Music] Oh, name above all names. You are worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God and Jesus. How great is our God. Sing with me. How our God will see our great how great is our God once more. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me is our God. Oh, sing how great. How great is our God? How great. [Music] My God. My God. Have a few specials uh this morning. May be seated, please. [Music] Sister Tanya, please. [Music] Sister Rebecca Uh, this song I wrote it about a little over a year ago. Um, I don't remember what brother Jack was preaching, but some for some reason it uh kind of struck me somehow and I ended up writing this song um during the service. So, um I pray it's a blessing to y'all. [Music] On the mountain top I stand again. My heart is full of confidence. I look up to the sky and say, "You are God and you are good. [Music] Sometimes pain has caused me to consider giving up on you. But you have never left my side. You are God and you are good. You are good. Bless your name. You are God. You never change. You are good. Bless your name. You are God and you are good. [Music] here one day and gone the next. Didn't think I'd have to face that test. Didn't know I'd have to say goodbye, but you're still God and you're still good. You're still good. Bless your name. You're still God. You never change. You're still good. Bless your name. You're still God and you're still good. [Music] This life has pain and agony. But oh the joy your brings. No matter what I face today, you're my God and you are good. You are good. Bless your name. You are God. You never change. You are good. Bless your name. You're my God and you are good. You are good. Bless your name. You are God. You never change. You are good. Bless your name. You are God and you are good. You are God and you are good. You're still God and you are good. You are my God and you are good. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you, Sister Rebecca. You are God still our good. Oh my God. Amazing. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Brother Solomon, would you mind coming please? The announcements this morning. Glory to God. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Amen. It's good to see each and every one of you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh we don't have any written requests, but I have a customer back in Titusville. Um she's been having problems in her body. She believes she's going to have to have a hyerectomy. So, uh she asked that we pray for her. So we want to remember her this morning. Amen. Will you stand to your feet? Do we have any announcements, sisters? Sister. All right. We have sister prayer prayer meeting Tuesday at 7:30. Also, brother Diggs will be in town Friday, May 26, preaching for us. And please return your connect cards to Sister Erica as soon as possible. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. most gracious and kind heavenly father. Lord, we bow humbly before you because you are our God and our king. We're so grateful, Lord, to stand in your presence, Lord, as you've been moving in our midst, Lord. We want to thank you for all the mothers, Lord, in this place, Lord, God. Father, the backbone to this nation, Lord, is the mothers, Lord. And we're so grateful that we have great mothers in our midst, Lord. God, God-fearing sisters, Lord, that have blessed, Lord, this earth. We ask Lord your blessings upon their lives this morning. Continue to use their ministry Lord to raise sons and daughters to the king Lord God. And Father God, we want to pray for one this morning, Lord. Miss Debbie, Lord, her going through what she's going through in her body, Lord. She has a need, a special need, a touch from you, Father. And Father, she has asked us to bring her before the throne of grace, Lord, that she may obtain grace and mercy in her time of need. Minister to her need, Father, where she is, Lord. Bless her and anointing. Not only that, Lord. Save a soul, Father. Oh, Father. Grant an open door, Lord, that we may speak to her, Lord. Grant peace to our Lord in our heart. And Father God, we pray, Lord God, for our brother this morning as he brings the message, Lord. Help him to get himself out of the way. Help us to get ourselves out of the way that we may believe and receive what you have for us this morning, Lord. For we have need of more of you. And father, there's more of you to give, oh father, and we'll gladly receive you. We love you. We praise you. We thank you. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Thank you, brother. [Music] Sing this little song. And we have uh we have one more special after this. After the offering, we'll uh do the offering on this one here. This is this is your house to come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of praise where the lost and the lonely they bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your house. Please come and dwell, precious heavenly Jesus, as the song says, "Dear Lord, this is your house that we are living in, dear Lord God. You provide us this flesh." And oh God, we are so thankful for lessons you're teaching us daily. You just obey your word and just thank you for all you do in our lives. We ask now that you'll bless this offering. Bless the people as they give there, Lord God. We just thank you for everyone here and those who are still on the way and especially bless our pastor as he prepares to come. Brother travel all that way dear Lord up in age dear God but still holding to your word. May you bless him Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh this is your house. Father come and wait. [Music] This is your house. A holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely they bring their burdens and this is your house. This is your house. Oh, please come and dwell once more. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely they bring their burdens and they care. This is your house. [Music] This is your house. Please come and welcome. Thank you Jesus. [Music] [Applause] May be seated as um Sister Tina comes please. God bless you. [Music] in my midst of fear. Through every pain, every tear, there's a God who's been faithful to me. [Music] The days I spent so selfishly [Music] reaching out for what pleased me. Still in love, he was faithful to me. [Music] Every word he promised is true. What I thought was impossible. I've seen my God do. He's been faithful, faithful to me. [Music] Looking back, his love and mercy I see. [Music] Though in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. Yet he's been faithful, faithful to me. [Music] When my strength was all gone, when my heart had no song, still in love, his proof faithful to me. The days I spent so selfishly reaching out for what pleased me. Still my God, he was faithful to me. Every time I come back to him, he was waiting with open arms. And I see once again [Music] he's been faithful. Faithful to me. [Music] Looking back, his love and mercy I see. Though in my heart I have questioned, even fail to believe. Yet he's been faithful. faithful in my heart. I have question even failed to believe. Yet he's been faithful. Faithful in my heart. I have many questions. I been bound to believe yet he's been faithful. He's been faithful in my heart. Oh, I have question. I've been bound to believe. Yet he's been faithful. faithful. Even when my friends can't turn their back on me and they walk away, God is always there. He's been faithful. He's been faithful in my heart. I have questions. I even fail. I even fail. to believe. Yeah. God's been faithful. He's been faithful. God's been faithful. He's been faithful. God's been faithful. He's been faithful. He's been faithful. Faithful to me. He's been faithful. He's been faithful. He's been faithful. He's been faithful. [Music] Faithful to me. [Music] Thank you, Sister T. He's been faithful. Oh, God. For our mistakes, mishaps. Woo! Wrong sayings. He's been faithful. Thank you, Jesus. Brother Jackal. Oh, God. Thank you, Lord. How many appreciate his faithfulness? Say there's times in our life um where we failed to believe. Hallelujah. [Music] Says he's still been faithful to me. And I'm so grateful um uh for his faithfulness. I think of that scripture. the the brother that came to Christ and uh needed a a healing, you know, for his loved one. And uh as he was approaching the Lord Jesus uh you know, he uh Jesus asked him a question and and um you know, you know, I can if if you believe I I can do it. If you believe and the man said, "Lord, help my unbelief. Just just help my unbelief." And and I think I find myself uh in that place quite often where Lord just help my unbelief. Amen. And you know he he's still faithful church. He's still extremely faithful. Uh we thank God. Amen. To serve a God like ours. Praise the name of the Lord. Uh we just we just appreciate Amen. being here this morning. I want to wish all the mothers a happy Mother's Day. Amen. on today. Um we had a a a couple mothers, amen, um that didn't make service this morning. They had um they went to be with their moms, uh you know, for Mother's Day. So, we certainly, you know, honor that and and and certainly happy that they have the opportunity to do that. Uh but um uh we want to just enjoy his presence this morning. Amen. Our precious brother Walker has come. Amen. From Virginia. he and Sister Walker and uh we've always always uh enjoyed them and we we thank God to have them uh with us on today on Amen. Praise the Lord. On um Friday night, uh brother brother Walker preached the sermon true identification for the day uh we live in. And he was just talking about how people just trying to be identified with something, but the most important thing you you can be identified is with Jesus Christ. and he was talking about how we have ladies nowadays um you know up in age but yet they want to go out and get tattoos and you know piercings and all kind of things that you know what are they trying to be identified with right and we went out to eat yesterday and lord lo and behold somebody come out and look just like what brother Walker you know uh had preached about I like man that that lady you know she way past that you know but uh but yet and still trying to be identified with something you know of a day gone vibe But we're so happy to be identified with Jesus. Amen. He's all that matters. Uh we want to thank the Lord for Sister Linda. Amen. Being with us on today. Praise the Lord. So good to have her in in service and uh asking that you all continue to keep uh Sister Linda in prayer. Amen. Uh she had a card that she wanted to uh present to the church says, "Thank you uh my church family. Thank you for always being there for my family. uh your support and prayers during this hard time has allowed me to focus and be thankful for my friends and family. Since I appreciate everything you all have done for me and I am blessed to be a part of an amazing congregation I love you all. God bless uh Sister Linda Rudolph. Amen. Praise the Lord. We certainly certainly thank God for Just continue to keep her in prayer. Keep the kids in prayer. Amen. Uh DJ and Tyranny and Travis. Amen. and just continue to keep them all in prayer uh that God would give them strength. Amen. In the days ahead. Uh praise the Lord. Um I just wanted to read something really quick. Amen. Uh for the mothers, uh Proverbs 22 and 6. And then also, you don't have to stand or anything. Just let me read this and then I got a little quote that I want to share with you as well uh that I'll pull up. Amen. Uh uh Proverbs 22 and6 the scripture says train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he will not depart from it. Amen. And mothers have a tremendous responsibility in making sure that the children get trained in the proper way. And uh this is a uh promise to you that no matter what happens in life with your child, if you've done things the way God told you to do it, you can expect that child somewhere down the line to come right on back in line. Amen. So uh we just want to encourage you. I want to read a little something here from the prophet uh uh to you. Amen. On today, this is out of the sermon Elisha the prophet. Amen. Um 1956. Elisha the prophet. Uh it says this uh and here some time ago that I was reading an article where there was a home and five boys was born in this home and as soon as the oldest one got old enough to go to the Navy. Off to the Navy he went. Uh the second one followed the next one until all uh the whole five went away to the Navy and there was no Marines or Navy men in their family. The mother and father couldn't understand just why these uh boys everyone wanted to go to the Navy. Uh there was a real fine combing investigation made of this. And come to find out in the bedroom where these boys uh all was brought up in this bedroom there is a beautiful big picture hanging there of a big ship sailing on a quiet calm sea. And it so impressed the boys as they went to bed at night looking at this picture. It was on their mind to sail that quiet soothing sea. And along the morning uh when they rose, the first thing they could look at was that ship making her way through the quiet calm sea. And it impressed the boys so that each one become a sailor. Now, if a picture of a ship will impress boys to become navy men, sailors of the sea, what ought the picture of the Lord Jesus Christ do? See, always have the right thing before your children. Uh bring up a child in the way that it should go. See, bring it up and teach it right. It certainly it'll certainly won't depart from it. Amen. We want to thank God for mothers that have trained their children the right way. Uh because all of us are products, amen, of our mother's training. Amen. All of us are products. We all been impacted by good mothers, good godly mothers. We've been impacted by it. So, let's thank God for the mothers on today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, and I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, because you first love me. Yes, I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, because you first love me. Come on, Lord. You are so precious to me. Oh Lord, you are so precious to me. Yes. Sing it Lord. Lord, you are oh so precious to me. Oh, and I love you. Yes, I love [Music] because you first love me. I love you, Lord. I love you. Yeah. because you first love me. Come on, sing it one more time. Lord, you are so precious. Say, Lord, you are yes so precious to me. Yes. Singing. Lord, you are so precious to me. Oh, and I love you. Yes. Yes. I love you. Because all you love me. Hallelujah. Lord, I love you. Yes. I love you. I love you. Yes. Yes. Oh, because you first love me. Come on, one more time. Come on, tell him. I love you. Oh, I love I love you. Yes, God. I love you. I really do. Yeah. Because you first love me. Yeah. Nobody could do me like you did. Yes, I love. Thank you, Jesus. I love you. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Because [Music] you first love me. [Music] Come on, show him your love this morning. Hallelujah. Show him your love this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. As we prepare our hearts to receive the word of the Lord. Amen. From Precious Brother Kenneth Walker. Amen. From uh Virginia. We thank God to have him in our midst uh once more and uh believing that God will use him to speak to our hearts uh on this day. Amen. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he will do for you. Amen. Let's sing it. It is no secret what God can do. Oh, what he's done for others, he'll do for you. He'll do for you. with arms wild you. Hallelujah. It is no secret. It is no mercy. What God can do. What God can do. Everybody sing with all your heart. It is no secret what God can do. It is [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Where are my [Music] views? [Music] It is no secret what God can do. Amen. Amen. [Music] Good to be back this morning. These saints here, you know, had a good time there Friday night. And so, uh, let's pray God. Let me say something help you and encourage you this morning. And I just as I was looking over my thoughts here and being Mother's Day, uh I just want to kind of tie something in here because it it stands out, you know, but uh appreciate you and uh been coming this way for quite a few years and and brother Jack and Erica and saints here that we've been a real blessing, help to us and and so uh brother Jack, his ministry spread out a little bit and so a lot of people that didn't know him know him now. Amen. So, if you got your Bibles this morning, I want to read from two places. I want to read from Genesis the 3 chapter verses 1-8. And then we'll read Isaiah 55 6-11. Genesis 3 1-8. Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, "Ya hath God said, you shall not eat of every tree of the garden." And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree, which is in the midst of the garden, God has said, you shall not eat it, neither shall you touch it, that you die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die. For God that knoweth in the day that you eat there, then your eyes shall be open. Ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." And when a woman saw the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant unto the eyes, and a tree to be desire desired to make on wine, she took of the fruit there and did eat, and give also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. And the eyes of them both were open, and they knew that they were naked. They sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden, and cool day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. Now with Isaiah here, Isaiah 55, starting verse six. Seek you the Lord while he may be found. Call ye up him while he is near. Let the wicked forsake his ways and unrighteous man his thoughts and let him return unto the Lord. Return of the Lord now and he will have mercy upon to our God for he will abundantly pardon. Huh? Abundantly pardon. So God wants to pardon. For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts and your thoughts. For as the rain cometh down, as snow from heaven returneth not thither, but water the earth, and make it rain forth, and it may give sea to the sober, and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return to me bored, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the things whereto I sent it. Let's just bow our heads. Great eternal God, we're grateful that we can come before you again this morning, dear God, we humbled ourselves under your mighty presence, Lord. The songs have signed and sung, Lord. the worship and wonderful Lord your God that cannot fail Lord your God that Father that gives mercy give kindness and Father Lord you desire us to have more than we were want to self father Lord help us to realize we got a purpose in life father and help us to realize Lord we must finish that purpose we've been called to do father I commit the service into your hands anoint these lips of clay. Anoint the hearts and lives of those that's before me and keep thieves lips from saying anything contrary your word or will for I ask it all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and amen. May be seated. Now, my little thought this morning, and I'm going to I thought about you being a Mother's Day here. Keeping focused on your purpose in life. Keeping focused. Okay. Now, if you're a mom this morning, you keep focus on your purpose of being a mother. Huh? Right. Is that right? That's right. Amen. Don't forget. Huh? What a great thing it is to be a mother. Yes, sir. Don't you forget that you keep focused. That's right. What it means to be a mother. You're bringing life into the earth. Amen. Right. And you want to do the best with what you bring forth. Amen. Come on now. And you want to live a life right to be a witness to the mother that brought forth that life. Amen. I was going to go a little maybe a little deeper, but I that was just a thought to go along with that. I had hadn't even thought I sat back there and the Lord just brought it to me. Amen. You know, I pray everybody still got their spaceship outside. Huh. I know seems funny. Come on. But you know, we're not from here. That's right. If I come from God, I'm going back to God. Is that right? Amen. So, I don't need no spaceship out there. I don't want to go to the moon. I don't want to go to any of those places. Hallelujah. Cuz we done gone higher than that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now in in life we know that uh there's purpose in life and a was a purpose. We look at Eve there and the things that happened to her. And here I'm going to read a quote here just kind of get this thing started to show you. Amen. What the prophet said in a message called victory day. Yes sir. Now listen real close because this is going to be for you. You going to leave here better off or worse off? All right. Uh this is I'm just giving out what the prophet said. He's giving out what the message said. Yeah. He said he's talking about Eve. That's the thing that broke the fellowship in Eden is because Eve that Eve failed to keep the focus or her looking on God's word and listen to reasoning. Come on. Now that's going to affect all of us. Right. Right? You're either going to accept what God said or you're going to reason against it. And when you reason against God's word, you open a door for the devil. Amen. The reason of the enemy, if she just stayed right with what God said, that settles it. God said, she didn't want to do that. See, she changed the focus of her glasses and begin to see instead of just one one way, there become two ways. Come on. Come on. Everybody hear me? Yeah. So, some thought comes to you outside the word of God. Amen. You're focusing two ways, not just one way. Huh? But the word of God will produce whatever sent forth to do. So you you take a hold of the word, it's going to produce whatever that word says it's going to produce. Amen. And so you going to be blessed. Amen. If you listen to one voice, not two voices. Glory to God. Amen. And it's two ways. She said, "Well, now maybe that man could be right. Maybe he is right." Now, we know God is right and maybe he's right. That's just more light on what God said. You see, there's the same thing happens today, exact right back to the same thought. See, see, you see two ideas. There's only one. There's not a creed. It's a word. God's word, God's purpose, God's plan. All other plans are no good. And Eve did this evil thing. And that's the reason today that God in his word never permits a woman to be a minister. See, it's just not per permitted in the Bible. Amen. Now, another quote here I want you to bear with me with. We'll get away from this for just a minute. He said, "Now, God gave us the Bible. What we going to do with it?" Now, the Bible is the word and the word is God. So that is our binoculars. Come on. Huh? That word is have binoculars. Is that right? That our glasses. That's our glasses. But now when we go to looking in the Bible and see four or five different ways. Well, it needs focusing. [Music] Everybody been out hunting and you couldn't see. You was trying out. You thought you seen one and you focusing glasses and there's three or four. So you have to you have to be focused. Yeah. Amen. You can't look at this three or four different ways. Amen, brother. Cuz your focus away from the original work. Amen. You see, he said, "You need focusing. We've got to bring the thing to place where we see one solemn purpose of God." See, so he's given us some binoculars, this word to see where we're going, while we're here. And we're we're to be anchored in that one thing, our purpose. Amen. Now, here's here this morning, and we realize too, sometimes we wonder why we're doing here on this earth, but there's a purpose for it. Yeah. God don't put you here for just putting here you know that after 70 80 years you know you just become a bunch of dust somewhere huh there is something God wants to accomplish in my and your lives that's why I stand here at 81 years old this morning there's a purpose in my life amen I stand here by the grace of God and there's a purpose that God created me put me here you know I wasn't I didn't focus focus on the word for a long time. All right. But when he got my attention, huh? Amen. He got at my attention, then my my focus changed from the things of the world, desires of the world to serve this word here. Cuz that word is what brought me to life. That's what word is what brought me deliverance. That word is what brought me joy. That's what brought me happiness. That's what brought me stability. It's because I had the word of God. Regardless of what the devil throw my ways, I'll stand on the solid rock. I'll stand on a revelation of who he is and who I am. Somebody say, "Amen." [Music] Hallelujah. Who wants to look back what you one time was? You had so much stink on you on the filth and the things of the world. All right. But now you've been cleansed by the blood of Jesus Christ, being washed by the water and of the word. Hallelujah. Not only that, but you're healed by the stripes of Jesus Christ. When he looked down the cross, he said, "It's finished." Amen. It's finished. What? The devil's defeated. Amen. It's over with. I I I have front. I have made the way. When he died, I I was in him. When he got up, I got up with him. And right now, right now, this morning, we are sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I'm not talking about our flesh, but I'm talking about the real you. Uh, as spiritual man or woman. Can you say amen? So, there's a purpose in life. Need to get focused on why I'm here. We're not here to be some some uh somebody out here to entertain the world. Huh? Everybody want to be a movie star. Huh? And you know I I just uh when you see things, brother, you don't want to get out here and expose yourself to in in things because the flesh is weak. The spirit's willing. Yeah. But see, you don't want to get in no popularity errors. Huh? Cuz it'll draw you away from what you was focused to be doing. That's right. I know a couple of hillbilly seniors had a daughter called uh her movie name was Hannah Montana. Huh? Disney World. Amen. And that little girl, huh? Stayed in that atmosphere. I don't know why I'm going this way. stayed in that atmosphere and now uh she sure only no Hannah Montana. Yeah, she's from the devil's tucker much, you know. She's she's sticking her tongue out. I don't know what she was trying to Well, I forgive me getting that but anyway. Amen. Everybody call for duty. You know, the word the word eno, there had to be an enoic cuz it's going to be a time for the bride of the rapture. Amen. But that word enix means dedicated. So we going in if we're looking for a body change, we're going to look to get out of here. We're going to have to be dedicated. Huh? Dedicated or what? Dedicated to a purpose that God put us here. We're here representing Jesus Christ and eternal life. You're really in eternity right now. I mentioned this the other night. We are in eternal. This world ain't going to change. Devil can't destroy this world. God will just cleanse it off and they go back how it was in the Garden of Eden. The lion will lay down with the lamb. Huh? and whatever you know if you want to plant this tree over here over here you know tree be planted over here now y'all look funny but the prophet said there's enough you got the Holy Ghost there's enough power in you to speak a world into existence uh and go live on it see we don't Jesus said huh all power in heaven and earth has been given unto Huh? And because we're in him, all power in heaven and earth been given us too. Huh? When I preach, you know, on true identification there Friday night, trying to identify who we are, why we're here, my brothers and sisters, those purpose we need to realize. See, even even though had the purpose, he had a purpose. God loves us. It was so bad in that day because the sons of God had took the daughters of men. The prophet said they didn't want them little Israelite women had to work out there. Now daughters of men, their daughters was fair. Yeah. Huh. Right. They some beauty queens. All right. Sons of God looked at that said huh. Yeah. And the people in that days their mind was full of so much filth and stuff of the world. Yeah. He repented God. He even created man. That's right. Bible. They got that place. God just made almost God sick. Yeah. That I created that that's what I give life to. Wow. Wow. But Noah found grace in eyes of God. The same way we found grace. Right now, if you're a child of God, you've been justified. And justification is if you never did do it in the first place in the mind of God. What's he looking at? He's looking at that little seed down in you, the real you. See, you carried that seed around a long time. Come on. You know, when you heard this message, you had to bypass your theophony to come to this body to be tempted and try according to second Corinthians five there. But look, we bypassed it. But that little that little jean seed laying in there. You went to all these other kind of church. You heard all this other stuff. Yeah. Because I'm gonna show somebody a mystery. Everything's been hid everybody and people are following him instead of following me. All right. Huh? All right. And so he sends this message and soon as you hear it, soon as you hear this message, you have heard from your theology. Amen. That eternal body there. Huh? His problem still got hair. I'm just waiting on it. Huh? All right. If I haven't lost any, I'm going to have it, brother. Amen. If God knows when a sparrow falls, he knows all about us. Well, praise the Lord. Anyway, I say God knowing all things, you know, but still yet Noah I I know this ABC stuff, but the person, do you realize what kind of a man that Noah had to be and what God told him to do that he was willing to build on that ark for 120 years to see it completed? He stayed focused. Right? He was God's purpose. God see this was a thing of a three-fold purpose. This is going to be the washing of the word. All right. Of the earth. Huh? The the word far spirit. It's going to go through the three stages. But he was he was a man. Yeah. Huh. Had a purpose. Amen. And re he had to stay focused on that. Come on now. Didn't make no difference what the wife said, children said, the neighbor said, people around everywhere else. He's an idiot. He's crazy out here building on this thing 120 years and said he goes down there and he preaches it's going to rain. Ain't you got another sermon? No. No. Besides, it's going to rain. But he fulfilled Amen. God's purpose in his life. Glory to God. Amen. Because God's word will interpret itself, brother. It cannot fail. It will accomplish what it's sent forth to do. That word sent forth to build an ark. And a man had to speak that word, brother. That ark was going to be built, brother. Hallelujah to God. Jesus. Amen. But what's our purpose? God put us here. We're his hands, his feet, his eyes, his arms. Amen. Uh we're spiritual being, but God is a spirit. Amen. Jesus said, "When you seen me, you seen the father." G. Have I been such a long time with you and you don't know? Still don't know me. All right. I asked you that. Glory to God. Huh? Has it been such a long time with you and you don't know who it is? [Music] Oh, Lord. My God. Wake up. Shake yourself. Who am I that a king would bleed and die for? Amen. Amen. Even here old Samuel. Amen. When he had to go out and face Oh, Goliath. Look here. One thing about him, he was so focused on what he was going to do. Huh? If you look at them scriptures there, you'll find he didn't say nothing negative. It was all positive. Huh? Huh? I I'mma take his head off. according to looking at situations. My brothers and sisters, when you start looking at situations, you're already defeated. You got to keep focused on the word. Is that right? So, you can't you can't look at them situation, but look, if God has ever done something for you, huh, David, you jump off the bear and the sheep and kill those things. When he went out to meet Goliath, he stayed focused on what God already done. Somebody hear a minute. If God heals you one time, he'll heal you again. You got the Holy Ghost. God done something for you, he'll do it again. And when he out there, he did not look at situations. He didn't look the size of a man. Can you say amen? He wasn't looking that. He was focused on the word of God. He know what God had already done for him. Amen. And up there was a Israelite army. All kind of armor on their n their knees are shaken and everything. Amen. Because they wasn't focused on who they were. Can you say and they was raining a reproach upon the Israel because they backed down from somebody or some great big something out here and they had all kind of armor. But God said, "I'm not going to let them be the laughingtock." Uh, I send this little boy out. Somebody say, "Amen." When God wants to bring victory, he'll send whoever he wants to. It don't have to be somebody that somebody knows a whole lot about. It can be a little nobody to the community. But if God's called you, God wants you to do something, you rise up in the name of the Lord and tell devil to get on behind you. Amen. I'm going on with what God killed me. I'm going to kill the all the giants before me that's trying to destroy me, put us down, but I'm going to kill them all. It don't make no difference what comes my way, what kind of giant, whatever it is. Amen. It's got to come down. It's got to come into subjection to the word of God. Hallelujah to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Yes. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's let me get this other quote here for you. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. He said we must focus our lives not on what somebody else says but focus our lives to him. Our life is be focused to God. And he's the word. If we get our lives lined up with the word then that word and our lives will become the same. If you abide in me, huh? If you abide in me and my word abides you, then you ask what you will, it be granted you. Verily I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you have said. Oh my, not what I said, what you said. Amen. It brings it right down in the Garden of Eden. Adam could say to this tree being plucked up over Eve said, "Boy, I like that tree somewhere else." Tree be plucked up. Put it over there. How's that look now? Eve, that looks good. That was the position that they had to start with. Exactly right. Huh? We're children of God. God can't start things one way and end some other way. That's exactly right. Amen. I don't care if the world's falling apart. I don't care if everything's filth everywhere all the way around. Huh? The final climax we back for. Ain't no sin. Ain't no heartaches. Huh? And all you to say to that mountain be thou removed. What have you had to do? But there ain't going to be nothing like that there. Uh it it's already fixed saying. If I was saved before the foundation of the world, had the Holy Ghost back there in the mind of God, it was finished. And you did too. Right. Amen. That's right. See what I'm what I'm saying, you got to keep focused on our purpose in life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. You got to be there. Turn with me if you would to Romans 8. Start at 8:28. Come on. Uh, all this real familiar scripture, but I wonder how many of us believe what we read. If if we believe all this stuff and all this words and promises in the word of God, man, you talk about people rolling around the floor. Hallelujah. Run, brother. My life for 81 years, brother, I've done Jericho marches. I've run danced. I've done a little bit of everything, brother. Amen. All that was good for a season. Yeah. I'm not saying you waste now, but I tell you, the money concentration is on this word. All right. Cuz a lot of people ain't hollers. Huh? Yeah. Still don't even have the Holy Ghost. You can't go, you can't go by motion whether you're having a wife or not. Romans 8:28, reopen your scriptures. And we know that all things, yes, sir, work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to whose purpose? God's purpose. So God had a purpose. Is that right? For whom he did forno. Also did he predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called. And whom he called them, he also justified. And whom he justified them, he also glorified them. Huh? All right. Who is it, my brother, sisters? Yes. God can only be glorified in us. Yes, sir. Huh? Amen. We're here. We just don't know what's in us. The Holy Ghost in us. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. The life in us. Amen. Now then he said, "What what shall we say then to these things? If God be for us, can somebody say amen?" Who can be against us? The devil cannot move. He cannot touch you except God allows it. Amen. Right. And if you want to go a little bit deeper, greater is he that's in you than he is in the world. He that spare not his own son, but leave him for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Who could do that? It is God that justifyth. Who is it that condemnth? It is Christ that died yet rather that is risen again. Who is even at the right hand of God? Who maketh intercession for us? Who shall separate us from the love of God? Tribulation, distress, uh-uh. Persecution, uh-uh. Phantom, nakedness, pearl, sword, who can separation from the love of Christ, yet can't be done because it's God's purpose for all of these things to be with us, brother. Amen. It says, "As is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are slaughtered as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors." Yes, sir. Through him that loved us. Now, we're going to ask a question here. We get persuaded about a lot of things. Come on now. How many natural folks here? You sisters can go shopping and they'll have things dressed up. Boy, that thing is really good. There's a This thing cost you $100, but it's today you can have it for $49.95. Huh? You say, "Lord, what a deal. I getting a $100 dress for $49.95." And what it do before you ever came in? That's what it cost to start with. Yes, sir. But you was persuaded to buy it anyway. Yeah. Amen. Now with the brothers, you I could go with hunting equip and fish and you know all that thing. Some be rod reels, you know. Oh, this thing a number one. All right. You get a whole whale. Praise the Lord. Amen. But I'm talking about with humans. Amen. But when it comes to this, the God is trying to persuade us of who we are. For I am persuaded, Paul saying it, I'm persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angel, nor prince or powers, nor things present or things to come, nor depth or height, depth, or any other creature should be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. We're victors. Yes, we are. We got the victory. Amen. People out here are running the race, they don't know whether they going to come in last, fourth. Uhuh. But a child of God. Amen. He's at the victory line, brother. And the thing right now, saints of God, if you look, if you don't understand what's going on now, this thing's not complicated now. I can see the finish line out there. That close. I can see the finish line. the world, the system. I could see the finish line. I see condition that the world's in. I see the finish line. Amen. Amen. Now, those things, my brothers and sisters, we got to stay focused on the word of God. Amen. Go the scriptures. Let me go to one other place. Uh James 1 verses two, three, four. Blood of the Lord. I'm going to do a lot of reading. You didn't sleep too good last night. Jump up and shout. I don't care. Wake up. I said that at brother Stevens one time as everybody went out and eat dinner, come back and I said, you know, sometimes you get sleep in church. Sometime I do. But I said before I let the devil defeat me, I'll jump up and holler at Jesus. I said that and they some woman sitting back in the back jumped up and said Jesus. Amen. James 1 verses 2 3 and 4. My brother, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation. And we go down. Oh me. Oh my. What's going on? This happening, that happening. County joy. If God's control of every situation and the prophet God said, "This whole world is a proven ground for us." He put us here to prove to the devil that he's got some children here that is going to be victorious. And God made the way for us to be victorious. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I done read the book. Come on now. Amen. Amen. Lord, joy when you fall and die 10, knowing this that the trial of your faith workketh patience. Oh, patience in this age. Oh, that's unheard of. I wasn't ready to get eat. I was just going to demonstrate a little bit. And if you don't get that Big Mac out there, somebody punch you through the window or something. Y'all Amen. Amen. People don't have no patience. That's right. you. Oh Lord, I got to get away from this stuff. But let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect entire wanting nothing. If any of you lack wisdom, uhoh. Y'all know what that is? Wisdom. It means to keep your mouth shut instead of talking. Sometime some you got to have wisdom. That's the gift of the spirit is wisdom. Is that right? If you lack wisdom, let him ask of God and God and give unto all men and God will give it all men liberty. Upgrade it not and shall be given him. But if we ask in it faith, nothing waving for he that wave is like a wave of the sea driven with winds tossed. For let that let not that man think he received anything of the Lord. You got to be steadfast. You got to take God his word and go on with it. Amen. Now, this is all about Calvary, brother and sister. When it's finished, when you we we can go a lot of different ways about a lot of different things, but uh when it comes down, it's all about Calvary. It's all what Jesus done pointed one way. Look, probably made a statement like this. I don't care what church you're affiliated with, what you believe is you meet God one place, and that's under the blood of Jesus Christ. And if everybody meets that same place, huh, it's all brothers and sisters. That's a place, right? Huh? Then he said in another place, you got to be here. place under that name. He put you where he put his name place to place for you. Amen. Now we look at something here. Now this a little bit hard. We started out with the Lord and God wants to fully express himself in your life, my life, all of us. And if we are just trying to live a part life and don't let God have full preeminence in our life, we are robbing God. Why are we robbing him? You won't let God express himself. I know a little tough, but this ain't playing church. We're either going to go all the way stay focused on what God purposed for us in life or we'll wind up just going down the drain as nobody. I I I'm just telling you the truth. I'm going tell you the way it is, my brother and sister. I'm not, you know, uh, some people just hold back, brother. I believe just laying out and telling like it is, you know. Amen. So, we're going to hit you, brother Jack. If I get too long, you let me. Okay. And I'm going to hit you some more things. I hit a few of them. Now, now this all good. I don't know what you're going to do with, but it's all good. See, you got to now you we're we're focusing on a lot of things. Now, this is my thought on this. I'm focused on the thought I'm a child of God. Yeah, that's right. You You don't think about that? Come on. Romans 8:16. I'm redeemed from the hand of the enemy. That's it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Psalms 107:2. I'm forgiven. Praise God for that. Colossians, Amen. Uh 1:13 and 14. I'm saved by grace through faith. Ephesians 2:8. Praise the Lord. I'm justified. Romans 5 and1. I'm focusing on what the word says about me. Not what the neighbor says about it, what somebody else said, not what the world says, but what God said about me. Hallelujah. My God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I'm a new creature. 2 Corinthians 5:17. I'm a partaker of his divine nature. 2 Peter 1 and4. I am redeemed from the curse of the law. Amen. Galatians 3:13. I'm delivered from the power of darkness. Colossians 1:13. I'm led by the spirit of God. Romans 8:14. I'm a son of God. Romans 8:14. I'm kept in safety wherever I go. Psalms 91:11. Somebody say, "Amen." I'm getting all my needs met by Jesus. Philippians 4:19. I cast all my cares upon Jesus. 1 Peter 5 and 7. I'm strong in the Lord in the power of his might. Ephesians 6 and10. I'm doing all things through Christ who strengthened me. Philippians 4:13. I'm heir of God. I joiners with Jesus. Romans 8:17. I'm heir to the blessings of Abraham. Galatians 3:13:14. I'm observing doing the Lord's command. Deuteronomy 28:1 and2. I am blessed coming in and blessed going out. Uh, Amen. I'm air of eternal life. First John 5:11 and 12. I'm blessed with eternal blessed assurance. Amen. Somebody praise the Lord. But I got the Holy Ghost all over me up here because of the word of God. I focus on what he said, what he's doing. Amen. Amen. I might look 81 outside. I'm feeling 16 on the side right now. Amen. Amen. I'm exercised by authority over the enemy. Luke 10 and 19. I'm I'm from above only and not beneath. Amen. I'm more than a conqueror. Romans 8:37. I'm establishing God's word. I Who is establishing God's word on this earth? Amen. Everybody for it to be established on earth that's left up to be in you. Make it live. Huh? Man, are we focusing on that? Have we got a responsibility? Oh my. Yes. Amen. I am overcomer of the blood of Jesus Christ. Word of my testimony, Revelation 12:1. I am daily overcome the devil. Anybody can't say amen to that. In other words, what you're saying, but not saying amen to that. You're saying the devil's overcome me every day. sir. You want to hear that one or you want to hear that I'm I'm overcoming the devil every day. First John 4:4. I'm not moved by what I see. Second Corinthians 14. I'm walking by faith and not by sight. 2 Corinthians 5 and7. I'm casting down vain imagination. 2 Corinthians 10:4 and5. I'm bringing every thought into captivity. Hallelujah to God. I'm being transformed by the renew of my mind. Amen. Romans 12:1 and2. I'm a labor together with God. 1 Corinthians 3 and9. I'm the righteous of God in Christ. 2 Corinthians 5:21. I'm an imitator of Jesus. Ephesians 5:1. I am the light of the world. Oh, Matthew 5:14. Yes sir. I'm blessed Lord all times. Continue to praise the Lord with my mouth. Psalm 34:11. Whosoever born of God. First John 3:9. Whoever is born of God cannot sin. Why? because his seed remains in you and you cannot sin. Sin s i n is unbelief. As long as that seeds in you, you cannot disbelieve the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Well, let me I got it. Oh, yeah. Turn to the book of Hosea with me. Hosea 6. And while you're turning, I'm going read you a quote. Hosea 6, start at verse one. Prophet God said message preached on the mark of the beast California. He said but Cain wanted something beautiful. Now last I was saying remember beauty that's attraction to the eye. The Catholic Church long learned that a long time ago that through the eyes is the gate to the soul to make beauty so forth and people fall for that. Hollywood learned that a long time ago. The devil know him before any of you. That's exactly right. That's the technique he worked on the same thing. Set himself up a more beautiful candle. Yeah. Oh, then you go downtown and come through, come by old Trump's place here. All that beautiful stuff out there. Who's behind all that stuff? Devil said, "I like something more beautiful. I like a bigger church. I like big people. I like all this." I probably God coming along. He says, "You got two or three people God promised to be in the midst of you." Huh? He said, "That's more scriptural." Wow. The devil wants quantity. God's looking for quality. Huh? Said more beautiful. That's always been beauty. Now, remember this sisters ain't it ain't nothing wrong with you looking good and your husband that, your boyfriend, what nothing wrong that. But don't let that beauty overcome you. Become a serpent. Even the devil after the curse came on him, he become a serpent. He's still a beautiful creature. Look how graceful he can move and how beauty his colors even even his curse take away the beauty from. Do you think Judas's scar was an old drunk? Now he's identifying the serpent with caller up and combed her. He was a slicker. Judas was a slicker boy. Yes, sir. Devil's too smart for that. He said, "When I went to Pig Alley, Brother Mo, when I went to France, we thought he was going to see those old prostitutes of pig out. Just something drug out. Satan's too smart for that. The most beautiful women you can ever see. See, he's smart. Sin is enticing. Sin is beautiful, but it's death." That's right. Don't look at beauty. Look at truth, not beauty. That's what's the matter of the church today is jumping from beauty drying. That's right. It's getting dead. Don't want to stay long on that. I go to preaching on that. And he said here, yeah, let me read the rest of this. The greatest battle ever rages when Eve opened up her mind to her reason. That's the flute. It come in. That's a channel run down her reason. She her soul. She raised her eyes with sight. Now watch. With sight she saw the serpent. He was a beautiful handsome far better than her own husband. He was most substant of all the beast of the field. How many know that a man is highest form of animal life? There is He's beast. The prophet God said a man without hold no more than beast. You think that ain't a beast out here and cut a little baby up and put it in a oven or something. Let a little child go out or wrap it up with dynamite blow itself to pieces. Kill him. Brother, we're living in Satan's Eden. Brothers and sisters, you can you can take anything you want to. Who gets most glory here? here, West Palm Beach. Who's getting most glory around here? God or the devil? You know it's the devil. You see him on every sign. See him walking up and down the street. See him in stores. Huh? And they put God out about everything. Well, they said he was probably a fair man than her husband. He looked like a great musler beast in there. How great he was. And he was trying to tell her what a great thing it was. Mhm. And the first thing she did, I know you sisters and I know what Jack's taught. So I know you got the revelation what we went on. She opened up her mind when she did human reason called it. Why wouldn't that be a thrill? Oh my. Amen. Now, okay, here we are. We're back to Hosea. All right. I want to bring you up bring you up to a place we'll go from here to the book of Revelation and not wind her up. Look, scriptural wise, I said to me Friday night, scripture wise, scriptures pertaining to us gentile people, 99% of its history, Yes, sir. it's done being fulfilled. Amen. Huh. Huh. It's history. The only thing left is us getting out of here. Amen. Huh. And we see how close it is. Look at the world. Look at the condition of the world. Politics and everything is rotten to the core. They ain't nobody tell the truth. You know why? It's the devil. Huh? For the love of money is the root of all evil. Huh? Lord, help me. I don't care how big a house you got. Prophet said it's just like a three room house. You go and eat in the kitchen. If your wife cooks, have fellowship in the kitchen. You're going to live room, talk around some, you know, and in the bedroom. That's a three room house. Well, how big do you need? Yeah. Huh? Amen. You can have billions and billions of dollars that will not satisfy you. I think I said about Solomon the other night. Had 500 wives, had all kind of wisdom, but had everything. Amen. And he said, Well, it's just all wisdom. It's it's you know it's quote it brother my it's all vanity vexation of spirit. That's right. Amen. That's what it is. Amen. So simple Christian prophet God or the Bible tells us that God promised to meet our needs. If we sought for the kingdom of God and his righteousness, all those things had need to be added unto us. Not our wants. See, it's your wants. It gets you away from focusing on the word. I'm just for all of us, brother. I've been down the road. Amen. If you don't know the Lord in here, then I know what you're talking about. If you done a little bit of everything, I know what you're talking about. But thank God that man died a long time ago. Amen. Amen. Now, let's get down here. So, God's looking for something. Gentile age over. They said church age over. We're living in another time. We're in a bride age. It's when God's taking a bride. How many know that a marriage is a union? It's agreement. Huh? And the way you marry to God is you've got to agree with it. Huh? You got that's the marriage. You're married to the wormise. Okay. He says, "Come and let us return unto the Lord for he has torn and he will heal us. He is spitten and he will bind us up. After two days will he revive us. In the third day he will raise us up and we shall live in his sight. Then we shall know if we fall to know the Lord his going from his pur as a morning and he shall come unto us the rain as a latter and former reign on the earth. The Jews were blinded that me and you could get in. Right. Huh. Exactly right. Amen. And even when they said, "Let his blood be upon when they crucified him and said, "Let his blood be upon our hands and upon our children." Now, and so they were spread out all over Europe. But there was a time, listen real close, there was a time they could only be blessed one place, and that was in their homeland. Right. God allowed Hitler to do what he did to them because they had to force them back to their homeland. So they killed them, burn them, done everything. And if you notice here about two years ago when ISIS attacked there in France, that was a Jewish people. It said a lot of people there in France went back to Israel. God allowed that to happen because brother that 144,000 has got to be there. He done already told you. Is that right? Okay. Now we find Hosea, you know, revive us. Give us a revival. Revive us. It takes something to revive us. And so his only thing, see, and the only way God dealt with them was the prophets. Amen. M right. Amen. And so we know that two witnesses come, two two prophets coming. But to revive us on the third day, how many knows three is a huh number of life, right? Going to ride us on the third day. God's going to graft them back into the vine. Huh? That's a promise of God. And when we see all these nations against Israel, huh? And now they're fussing whether Israel is going to build some more houses or not. Everything sitting on a time bomb and this thing going to explode, brother. Now I want to show something to you. Turn with me to Revelation the 11th chapter start at verse one. And there was given me a reed like unto a rod, and angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship there, but the court which was out the temple, leave out, and measure it not for he has give to the Gentiles. And the holy city shall they tread underfoot 40 and two months, three and a half years. And I will give her to my two wizards, and they shall prophesy 1,23 score days clothe and sackcloth. These are the two olive trees and the two candlesticks standing before the God of earth. And if any man will hurt them, far proceeded out of their mouth that word and devour their enemies. And if any man will hurt them, he must in that manner be killed. They have power. Now what? They have power to shut the heavens that rain not in that days. Amen. And their prophecy and have power over waters turn into blood thing Elijah Moses and to smite the earth with all kind of plagues as they will. And they shall have finished when they have finished their testimony. The beasts that ascended out of the bottom of the pit shall make war against them and shall overcome them and kill them. and their dead body shall be in the streets of that great city which is spiritually called Sodom and Egypt for also the Lord was crucified and they the people in cander and tongues and nations shall see their dead body three days. Now, that could only come into the time we're living where they got satellites, they got television, where all nations can see those bodies laying there. Huh? It's down here. It wasn't some other time. It's now. And if you'll notice, let me finish. Notice those 12 tribes of Israel. The last one was a tribe of Benjamin. Now look who's the leader over Benjamin Net and how you all right? Just accident. Just one of them things that happens. Amen. Said and have and shall not suffer their dead bodies and put in grave and they shall dwell upon the earth and rejoice over them. They're going to rejoice over these prophets because they've caused a lot of troubles. and make merry and shall send gifts one to another because he true prophet torment them that dwell on the earth. And after three days and a half, the spirit of life from God entered in them. And they stood upon the feet and great fear fell upon upon them which saw it. And they heard a great voice from heaven saying, "Come up hither." And they sended up to heaven in the cloud and then and the enemy beheld him. And the same hour was there a great earthquake and the temporar the city fell and in the earthquake were slain of men 7,000. The remnant were a frightened and give glory to the God of heaven. Now the Bible tells us that the angels, four angels from east, north, south, west, they had to hold back the destruction, the wrath, the wars. They had to hold back until that 144,000 Huh. receive the same message we got right now. God's word does not change. Amen. And so, brother, this is what we're running. This is what I'm trying to get across to you. You better stay focused on the word of God. You see what's going on earth. We've already been warned by the word of God. We know we're in Satan's Eden. We know we're in insane age. Huh? Look at the people's minds now. Totally insane. They people dress up like monsters something. Huh? Amen. Well, I don't want to go. I'm going to leave that alone. Amen. May Let me see one other thought or something, but I'm I'm closing. I'm closing here. Oh. Oh my I'm just trying to find one here to close on. Amen. We'll we'll close on this one. And Christ is a mystery of God. Right. Brother B says, "When I think it makes me shiver, oh to live with him, going home with him to live with him. going home with him to live with him forever, having eternal life. This God's great mystery of love expressed that God and man became one. See the whole thing is God and man, one. God and man was one there and God and man is one here. See what is it? being fulfilled with his spirit, having the preeminence, having the preeminence, right? All that he done for one purpose. That was God's achievement that he could get his life in you. He is achieved. That's God purpose to do that. And that might be Christ and Christ in us and all of us together one. The Holy Spirit same thing revealed to Christ revealed here the supernatural cre power of God. Oh my God's achievement when he has uh had preeminence in mind or mine. So stay focused my brothers and sisters on what God's called us to do. Don't get focused with things of the world. There's so much disease in the world. The hot you ain't got enough doctors. Some of these states they ain't got doctors things that everything's messed up so much people and prices keep going up up up. But I'll let all that go along. And if you stand with me this this evening. Amen. I just uh appreciate being here and brother Jack and family and church and uh if you would with me this morning and maybe a little something was said that you know you're guilty of while we bow our heads and you like to lift your hand say Lord that word. Search me out. You know my life and you want to be better. Let's just bow our heads. Father, Lord, as you serve him, Lord, I've put it out here, Lord. Might take a little long, Lord. I don't know. But help us, Father, to keep focused upon your word, Lord. Help us not hear anything else other than the word. Not be focusing on the things of the world. Father, it's come of destruction. It's coming destruction. God, help us stay on your word. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but the word of our Lord shall abide forever. Now, with uplifted hands, hands up, my hands up, too. Lord, help me stay focused on your word regardless of the cost. Father, bless this assembly. Bless those that attended. Bless the pastor and his family. Lord, we just love you. We praise you. Ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hey, any of you this morning, right before we turn it back to brother Jack, give me a F, sis. Maybe you got sickness in your body this morning. You're going through something. As we sing this song, just take hold and believe God will do something for you. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He's pad. See, by this moment your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Let him touch you this morning. One more time. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy. Well, to hear your heart's cry. He's ping by this moment your knees to sur. [Music] Reach out and touch the Lord. as he goes by. Be good to be with you Friday night and tonight and the times have come before and don't know whether there'll be another trip or nothing. I don't know. We don't know whether there be a tomorrow or not. I don't know. all our lives in the hands of God, you know. But as long as I can say something, feel like it would help somebody, encourage somebody long life way, I want to be found focusing on that. Amen. So, uh, I ask you to pray for us. Me and my wife are getting ready to leave in just a few minutes and it's a 800 mile home and and we eat spring eagles. I used to say chickens will be spring but anyway you know appreciate your prayer and uh and you just keep pressing the battle you know and God loves you. I h how can you not love God after I told you? I read what the word says. Now, you could read uh something else. I don't know. They much negative stuff, you know, but uh God's word is positive. Brother Jack, would you come my brother? [Music] I'm [Music] just reach out. Touch the Lord as he goes. Come on, say, "Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by." And you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is pad. ing by this moment. Yeah, your knees he'll supply. Oh, just reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes high. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. Yes, he is to hear you. Oh, just reach out. Oh, as he goes touching Jesus. Well, touching Jesus. Yes. Is all that matters. Yes. And your life will never be the same. Oh, there is only [Music] one way to touch him. Hallelujah. Hey, just believe when you call on his name. Come on, one more time. Touching Jesus. Touching Jesus. Hallelujah. Is all that really matters. [Music] My God. My God. Oh, and your life will never be the same. There's only one way. Oh, there is only only one way, one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Just believe when you call on his name. Come on, sing it again. Oh, touching Jesus. Yeah. Is all that really matters. Hallelujah. Oh my. and your life will never be the same. Oh, I know there is only only one way one way to touch him. Yes. Just believe [Music] when you call on his name. Come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. [Music] Jesus. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Keeping focus on your purpose in life. We certainly appreciate uh brother Walker just sharing amen from his heart uh to our hearts on today. uh o over the um I think it was Thursday uh Thursday Thursday Thursday night we were headed to um Pinnacle Palms and uh as I was just coming out I just noticed all this traffic you know uh and and and outside of our development there and I said now something's wrong with all that traffic coming this way there there's something wrong uh with that and and I was telling my wife I said I don't know what it is but something has happened up here and and um um called and uh uh brother Troy, he went to he was there at Pinnacle Polls early. I said, "I'm going to be running late because there's a lot of traffic here. Something's going wrong here." He said, "Oh, oh, I forgot to tell you there was a accident, a fatal accident that happened there uh on your way." And um and uh you know when I I kind of come and got around and you know saw where the accident took place and and I was reminded uh some years ago, brother brother Walker and sister Walker had come here to visit us and uh they got into a really really bad accident. uh one, you know, the car was needed a lot of work and even had to take Sister Walker to the hospital and they misdiagnosed, you know, her uh didn't realize that she had a a a cracked rib, I believe. But they just misdiagnosed and sent her right on out. Uh but I look back over that and I said, man, the hand of the Lord was on them and keeping them. Amen. Uh because God has purpose for them, right? God has purpose for them. and and uh and when you look back over your own life and see how God's just protected you, how he's kept you uh from danger seen and unseen, then you know that he has purpose for you. And uh keeping the focus on your purpose in life is the best thing that you can do. So many things happening all around us in the news he's bringing out there uh what is happening with Israel and you know and and don't let these things just kind of you know go go by you. Uh these are signposts for us to let us know that the end is near. Amen. And there's coming a day where uh he that's holy going to be holy still. He that's filthy going to be filthy still. He that's righteous going to be righteous still. Amen. But there's a rapture waiting to bride. So uh church, I'm looking forward to it. I want to keep my focus, Amen, on what God placed me here in this earth for. Amen. Let's praise the Lord. Amen. One more time. Let's give God a hand of praise uh for the word spoken to us. Amen. We'll have a word of prayer and uh we'll prepare to dismiss. Uh I I did want to announce uh next uh Saturday typically we have our youth service. Amen. On next next the third Saturday of the month. Uh but next Saturday won't be a youth service. There will be a youth uh activity that'll be done here but not a youth service. So uh just uh keep that in mind. and we want all the youth to come and we got something that we just want to do uh for them just kind of uh just just uh fellowship with them a little bit. So, uh that'll take place. So, we're not necessarily putting a a great announcement out there for everyone, but for our young people, we want to do something for them. So, uh next Saturday, uh I believe 6:30 is when we usually start. So, let's just keep that in mind, uh for next Saturday. God bless you. No service Friday night. We'll be back on Wednesday night. Amen. For service, but no service Friday night. We'll be back Saturday for the youth amen uh activity and um and then the next service will be next Sunday. So let's pray. Amen. Father, we thank you for uh your word that has gone forth to our hearts, God. Something to uh remind us that we have purpose. Uh often times uh we thank our purpose stops with something natural, but God is something spiritual. We were created by you uh for you, for your glory, for your honor. That was the purpose that we were even uh that we even exist. So God, help us to find that and to bring glory and honor to you in everything that we do and everything we say. We pray your blessings upon brother Walker and sister Walker. God, we thank you for watching over them over the dangerous highways, just keeping them, Father, every time they get into the car. And uh Lord, uh no doubt the devil would have tried to get rid of them a long time ago, but your hand has been there covering them and protecting them. And we thank you for that, oh God. And as they prepare to leave, Amen. here this afternoon headed back uh home the long drive ahead. But God, we pray that you just give them traveling mercies. Uh let them make it to their destination tonight safely arrive awake in the morning and arrive home on tomorrow and just pray God that you continue to use them for your glory and for your honor. Thank you for allowing them to pass this way uh once more. Uh we just we always appreciate when they come, God. It's it's really encouraging to see uh uh brother brother Walker at 81 years old serving God and and sister Walker right there by his side. God, what a what a blessing it is to see that. And just pray God that you just continue to keep your hand on them, keep them safe and keep them healthy. And God, may you just use them for your glory, for your honor. Uh bless us now as we leave this place but not your presence. May all the mothers, Lord, uh receive their just due for being godly mothers and raising their children uh the way that you have called us to raise them. Lord, we just pray that you bless them abundantly. The fellowship that they'll have today, the different families getting together, Lord, just bless uh the time that each one will have. It's in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. You can give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. You can be seated. Uh we I I I tell you I just I thank God. We we left out yesterday just for a little bit. Um you know uh to to take care of something and and when we come back in the house, Sister Walker was um she did something that just blessed my heart. She probably don't even realize that she did it, but uh she uh she came inside and and uh brother brother Walker had stayed behind at the house and and when sister was Walker came inside, she said, "Kenneth, where are you? Are you asleep? are you awake, Kenneth? Where are you? I say, man, what love, you know, I just I just, you know, they they like they still on the honeymoon. Uh I I tell you that was that was just a real blessing, you know, to my heart there. And uh we just we just really appreciate them. Thank God for them. And uh you like I said, keep them in prayer and we pray that if the Lord Terry Amen, he continues to give them strength that they'll pass this way. Amen. Once again, God bless you, Brother Walker. Thank you so much for for everything you gave out to us on this weekend. Amen. The Lord bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll have the brothers come at this time. Amen. To dismiss you. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] [Music] hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
