################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - The Body of Christ II - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (10-01-2025) - Quintin Fulgham Jnr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-01
Title:    The Body of Christ II - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (10-01-2025)
Speaker:  Quintin Fulgham Jnr
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kO_SnVW5Zoc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] God bless you saints. My bel love is the most beautiful amongst thousands and thousands. My beloved, it is the most beautiful amongst thousands and thousands. Yes, you are. [Music] Yes, you are. Yes, you are my beloved. It is the most beautiful amongst thousands and thousand. My belove it is the most beautiful amongst thousands and thousand. Yes you are. Yes you are. [Music] Say yes you are. Yes you [Music] are my bel love. It is the most beautiful amongst thousands and thousands. Yes. Yes. You are [Music] singing. Yes you are. Yes, you are. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. My beloved is the most beautiful, the only one true God. Thank you, Lord. I ask you to bow your heads. We're going to say our prayer over the service. Dear precious heavenly father, Lord God, just Lord, thank you Lord for waking us up today, Lord God. We we won the battle before the sunrise, heavenly father. Lord, we claim victory in your name, Lord God, over our lives, Lord, over our loved ones, over the service, heavenly father. Lord God, thank you, Lord Jesus. We just ask you, you bless our brother, Lord God, as he come forth, Lord, to give you to give us the word, Lord God. We just ask Lord God to use him Lord. Speak through him Lord God. Touch on our conditions Lord God. Let us leave changed like never before. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'll ask you to sing this chorus with me. Then we'll ask uh pastor to come out. Let me stop. I will be what you've called me to be. I'll say yes, Lord. I agree. My desire [Music] passionately is to be what you called me to be. And that's and that's what I will be. I will be what you called me to be. I'll say yes, Lord. Lord, I agree. My desire passionately is to be what you called me to be. And that's what I will be. I'll say yes. Will you say yes? Yes. I agree. Oh, yes. I say yes. I'll say yes. [Music] I'll say yes. I'll say yes. Yes. Oh, I agree. Oh, I will be what you call me to be. Say, I will be what you've called me to be. and I'll see it. Lord, I agree. My desire passionately is to be what you've called me to be. And that's what I will be. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. So good to be back in the house to the Lord uh once again. Tonight I asked Brother Quinton, I saw he did not finish last week. So I say, "Brother, come on and finish your sermon uh on tonight." And uh I appreciated what I was hearing uh on last uh Wednesday night. and and I believe as he goes forward in his thought there with the body of Christ, I believe we'll all be blessed, amen, by that. So, let's just welcome uh Brother Quinton uh Junior to the pull pit. Amen. On tonight, praise the Lord. Amen. We'll go back to I'll say yes and I'll say yes. Yes, I agree. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll say yes. Yes, I agree. I agree. One more time. I'll say yes. Oh, I'll say yes. [Music] As the musicians play softly, let's go before the Lord in a word of prayer. Lord God, we humbly come before you, oh Lord God, thanking you for another night to worship you, oh Lord God, in spirit and truth, oh Lord God. Lord, is what you seek to desire in this day and age, oh Lord God. Lord, you've gone through all the ages from Adam, oh Lord God, to the Old Testament prophets and believers to the the the new prophets, the new prophets in the New and the New Saints in the New Testament, oh Lord God. But Lord, it was all for this moment right here, oh Lord God, to finally see your sons and daughters restored back to you, oh Lord God. In the beginning, oh Lord Jesus Christ, you said that you made man and woman in your image, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and now this is the day and hour where you can finally see that masterpiece restored back to its former glory. Oh Lord God, the painting that you had in the beginning, oh Lord God, when the devil uh messed it all up, oh Lord Jesus Christ, but now that painting is coming back to its majesty, oh Lord God, the people are realizing who they are in you, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we are healed. We're blessed, Lord. We're abundantly blessed, oh Lord God. Lord, you blessed us with finances, with health, oh Lord God. Restoration of our families, oh Lord God. Lord, this is the day and age. Oh Lord God, Lord, even though we're still in the flesh, oh Lord God, after receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit, oh Lord, we're the closest thing to what Adam was. Oh Lord God, restored back to you, oh Lord. Lord, you see your people, oh Lord God. They have needs, oh Lord Jesus Christ. But Lord, we're in a different age, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we have the fullness of your word, oh Lord God. We've submitted yourself, oh Lord God, to your head messenger, oh Lord Jesus Christ. We know who we are and we know who you are, oh Lord Jesus Christ. We know who you are completely. We know what you desire completely, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, I ask that you would touch every single need. Oh Lord God, every single sickness leap lifted up from them. Oh Lord God, every single financial burden, oh Lord Jesus Christ, your children are supposed to be blessed, oh Lord Jesus Christ, not struggling, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we thank you, oh Lord our God, and we will we ask that you would continue, oh Lord God, to show us yourself, oh Lord, to us, oh Lord. Help us, oh Lord God, to reach out, Lord, to those final pieces, oh Lord God, of your children that have not that have yet to known you, oh Lord God. Lord, we just want to thank you for your grace and mercy, oh Lord God, and help us always to keep you first in our hearts, oh Lord God. Be with the message, oh Lord God, from the beginning to the end, oh Lord, and we ask it in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Uh God bless you, uh saints. Um we'll get right into the message right now. Um we're we're going to uh so the title of the message is the body of Christ part two. We're continuing off from where we left off uh last week with a subtitle of position for a rapture. Uh so we're going to do our opening verse out of 1 Corinthians 11 uh 1 through3. So just uh say amen once you're able to get there. All right. And it reads, "Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ. Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things and keep the ordinances as I delivered them to you. But I will have you know that the head of every man is Christ, and the head of the woman is the man, and the head of Christ is God." Amen. So, you may take your seats. Um and so we'll begin this journey right now. Uh and here we can see in these Bible verses uh specifically Bible verse uh verse uh number one be followers me even as I also am of Christ. We can see and also in verse three it says but I would have you know that the head of every man man is Christ. And the last part part says the head of Christ is God. We know that the prophet revealed uh the mystery of what the godhead was, which was Christ is the head. Right? So, we can see in these Bible verses where the 144,000 or the Jew and the foolish virgins fail to see the word, right? Because they're living in a day where they are virgins, which means they've kept themselves from the word and they believe the scriptures, but they don't have a head. Right? The bride is the only people in this last day that have the ability to recognize the Godhead, which is the baptism of the Holy Spirit, which is Christ coming inside of your heart, completing uh completing the structure. All right. And so, we're also going to read 1 Corinthians 11 uh 7 through3 as well. If you could pull that up, right? And it reads, "For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, for as much as he's the image and glory of God, but the woman is the glory of the man. Uh, for the man is not of the woman, but the woman of the man." Um, and neither was the man created for the woman, but the woman for the man. For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels. Verse 11. Neither nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man in the Lord. For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman, but all things uh by God. Right? And so we want to uh go to Ephesians also chapter 5 and uh read verses um 20 23- 24 and then yeah. So there we go. So the h for the husband is the head of the wife even as Christ is the head of the church and the savior of the body. Uh therefore as a church is subject under Christ so let the wives be to their husbands and everything. Um husbands love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it. Uh that he might sanctify it and cleanse it with the washing of the water of the water by the word. And we'll also read, we'll keep going on to uh verse 33 all the way to uh 33. There we go. So that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. So for no man ever yet hateth hated Well, let's stop. We'll stop right there. Yeah, that's first. Oh, no, no, we'll keep going then. Sorry. So for no man ever yet hateth his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bone. For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they too shall be one flesh. Uh this is a great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church. And verse 33, nevertheless, let every one of you of you in particular so love his wife even as himself. And the wife see that she reverence uh her husband. Right? So we can see here in verse 33, you know, how it calls for a unity between these two pieces, right? And this unity allows for a sweetness, right? So if a husband is not loving his wife, he's in the wrong. Completely in the wrong, right? And if a wife is not reverencing her husband, no, she's completely in the wrong. But when you can get both of these pieces working together, the enemy cannot touch a household that is working in tandem with the scripture like that. Satan can't do nothing with it, right? And so, and we see it's the same as the body of Christ, right? So, Christ has to love his wife as well. And Christ has already proven his love for the uh for the church when he died on Calvary. Not only did he die on Calvary, he sent the gentile pish uh gentile people who were idolatry worshiping people. He sent them a prophet that had Elijah's spirit on them. Right? So he proved his love because he sent these people that didn't deserve anything. He sent them the fullness of the word. Right? So now he's waiting for the church to reverence him. Right? Follow his word. Follow his lead. And when she does so completely, the rapture will take place. Right? meaning death can't touch death cannot touch someone that is completely sold out in Christ. Right? It's a beautiful thing to be uh in in the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh you don't have to turn to it. But Ephesians 1:2 also talks about you know children you know obeying your parents in the Lord uh for this is right. Uh so we're going to start our journey. Um if you could pull up the uh slide um with the you'll see it has like the ox on there. It's a slide with like you'll see a bunch of ox on there and we'll get to that. Uh but now we're going to take a uh we're going to take a little uh detour from we were talking about last time we left off we talked about the prophets the major prophets how how it's important for the body to reference that. Now we're going to come down to the portion of the diagram we'll see it later uh focusing on the men the women and the children. Uh, and so I like um I like this because you know God is in nature and anytime anytime and I'm a person that loves nature like I love animals and I love science because I can see God in it. So when I made that diagram of a circle, right, and it showed Christ was covering everybody in there and he had all of these different layers. I liked it because, you know, you see here these these um animals are called musk oxen and they're hurting animals and you'll see a lot of um you'll see a lot of these different types of animals. You'll see them with water buffalo. They'll do this thing called circle defense where if a threat comes, right? And so one of the threats that the oxen have are wolves. And so the pack of wolves will come and try to attack. What they'll do is they'll put the the youngest ones in the middle of the circle and all the strong ones will stand on the outside and they'll cover the they'll cover the young ones and it's no way for those wolves to get to them little baby ones, right? There's no way for them to get to that. And I like how that types how God has his church covered because Christ is the strongest one, right? And when you receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, yes, it puts God in your heart, but it also puts you in God, right? So now the enemy can't come and do anything to you, &gt;&gt; right? So um that's why I like I like the structure that we have. And so you can turn to the next slide where we have um it should be the next one right there. Okay. So now we have this little uh diagram that I have. And those black arrows show the enemy right on the outside of the circle. So you see fear, you see sin, you see sickness, and it's trying to get to you, right? It's all trying to get to you, right? The prophet said, "If your life is totally hidden in Christ though, the enemy has to go through the blood in order to get to you. But by the time he passes through the blood, he turns into your brother, right? So there's there's nothing that nobody uh can do to you, right? &gt;&gt; And it also shows that, you know, the further you are in there, you have to do a lot to get out." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You got to do a whole lot of work in order to get out on the outside of the circle. Right. So sin doesn't sin comes with a price because you got to pay something. You got to put a sacrifice in something in order to get to sin because that's not how God designed for man to be living in sin. God God never did. When Adam and Eve before Adam and Eve um experienced what they did in the garden, uh uh God, the prophet said God gave Adam and Eve the strongest thing that he could give them, which was his word. Right? If you eat from this tree, you'll be blessed. and if you don't eat from this tree, you know, of course you'll you'll deal with this the things that they had to deal with. So, uh God um God had to fortify his children uh with the word. Just give me one second. My laptop's kind of acting funky. Um okay, there we go. So, um so, and also you'll see a lot of a lot of these other things in here. We're going to talk about these different arrows. So the red arrows, those red arrows that you see that are coming in, that represents the pressure that the enemy is putting onto the people. &gt;&gt; So the further you are inside, the less pressure you feel. I &gt;&gt; mean, Christ is bearing all the weight, &gt;&gt; right? When Christ went to Calvary, uh he beared all the sins in the world, right? And he had to die a death of a sinner, right? And that that was so me and you wouldn't have to do that. Meaning that you could be on your deathbed, right? You could be going in between out of this life and the next life, but you know, you don't got to scream, right? Brother Brandham talked about the story of a man that was dying and they was singing this sad music. He was like, "No, play something snappy." Right? The man recognized where he was. He recognized who his sacrifice was and you can leave this earth smiling while other people are worried or stressed. Right? &gt;&gt; So, it also shows that the further you are in there, the less pressure you experience. Meaning that the major prophet, he has such a responsibility, right? When he went into the veil of time and he talked to the angel, you know, even though he was there cuz God wanted to encourage him, he asked the angel, he said, "Is Paul here? Is Peter here?" And the angel said, "Yes." We said, "Well, then I know I'll make it." So, it just showed the weight that was on him where he was so careful that he's like, "I want to make sure the thing that I'm telling the people is the truth." Right? It shows you the responsibility and the pressure that's uh uh placed upon the people. You know, as you go down further, you know, you'll see different pressures. Uh and it also represents uh pressure can also represent temptation. Uh and so some of the problems is, you know, when uh when we feel temptation or we feel pressure, sometimes people feel like they're on the outside of the circle, right? And that's just the enemy trying to trick you, right? But no, as long as you're in Christ, you're going to feel temptation. When Christ came on the earth, he felt the Bible says he was a tempted above all things. That was God himself. God himself and all his power could not stop temptation. That's right. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? The the prophet said that uh well, the Bible says that Elijah was a man of like passions. He had problems just like me and you, right? The five-fold ministry has problems. Men have problems. Women have problems. We all have problems. We can't escape temptation. But that doesn't mean that you're not in Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. you know, so you don't don't allow the enemy to uh uh to attack you like that. And so you now you'll see this blue arrow on the side where it has the enemy coming out and coming into you. That represents when God allows the enemy to come to you, right? So sometimes God allow the enemy to come and attack you. But the thing about it is it's in a weakened state, right? Enemy doesn't have his full power like he uh like he usually has. So when God decided to test Job, right? And he told he told Satan, he says, "Hey, you can do whatever you want, but you can't take his life." Right? That was a that was a weakening moment for Satan. He stripped Satan down and said, "Hey, you can do whatever you want, but you ain't going in your full form. You got to you got to you got to go and handle him and attack him with what I give you to do." So, which means that God's got you in mind, right? God knows just how strong you are. God knows exactly what you can handle. God knows exactly what what would push you to the edge and what would not push you to the edge. So if you're going through a trial, just know God thought about that already before the trial began. And whatever you're going through, you are more than enough, right, to overcome that thing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's like if you know if Josiah was uh told to play some God pl some God in his neighborhood and the ref said, "Okay, you playing Josiah, but what's your strongest hand?" It's like, "What's my right hand?" You got to tie your hand behind your back. It's a easy victory, right? And so when God gives us trials, they're easy victories, right? And all it does is magnify him and also show the strength uh that he has in us, &gt;&gt; right? And so the yellow arrow is another important one because you got to stay in Christ because a lot of times, you know, brother Jack talked about this thing. You know, a lot of times when you sin, right, it can affect so many people, &gt;&gt; right? Yes. &gt;&gt; So, you know, when the prophet when the prophet decided, we'll come back to that story again. When the prophet decided that he wouldn't go preach to the people that God wanted him to preach to, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That gave the enemy access to his wife and his baby girl. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Right. So, we don't know what the baby girl could have accomplished in life. God had a plan for her. &gt;&gt; But because of disobedience from the prophet, &gt;&gt; right, that ended it right there. the five-fold ministry. Brother Jack has been talking about that Eli when he failed to take responsibility what he did a lot of people suffered there right so anytime you fail to take responsibility on the word you also give access uh to the enemy and it's uh the the uh it's hard to talk about those things nowadays because it's a very very emotional time but in the time of Christ when they saw a blind man the first thing that the uh that the disciples asked was who sinned was it his mother or his father right because They were speaking the word. They was trying to figure out why is this guy suffering, &gt;&gt; right? And Jesus said, you know, of course, it wasn't it wasn't none of that. It's just so his power could be showed. It was the it was the blue arrow, right? So, it just goes to show like especially for you you young kids, you know, you don't you want to obey your parents. The Bible says that you your life is attached to obedience to your parents. And you know, you see all these stories of kids dying young and stuff and you know, and we always feel sorry for it, but the spiritual mind will ask, you know, you know, were they obedient to their parents? &gt;&gt; Right. That's what the spiritual mind would ask first because if they weren't, then they have no promise to life. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? So, it just shows that we have to be careful about uh uh these different things. Uh another example would be David. Like when David committed that sin, he had no idea what it would do to his daughter, right? His daughter was taken advantage of. And could you imagine how David felt having to look at his daughter, seeing her in that state, and realizing that was my because of my choice, she's got to suffer like this. So it behooves us to stay on the word, right? Your life depends upon it. Everyone else that you're associated with life depends upon it. When Noah was preaching to get into the ark, there was kids on the earth. And when them parents said, "No, I ain't getting on." and kept the kids, the kids all lost their life. God didn't spare not one kid, right? Every single one of them lost their life. So your life is not just your own, right? Uh uh and God God's trying to call his people out of isms. And one of them is individualism, right? Where people get wrapped up in me me I I I, right? But no, that ism can not only just hurt you, but it can hurt all the people you're connected to. And God is trying to call his people out of these things. Right? So, accepting uh as we begin this journey, accepting leadership is a very important thing for us to fulfill as Paul talked about uh in the Bible verses that we uh read. And everybody has to have a head. Everybody has to have a leader, right? And I like how the Bible verse talked about how uh God is the head of Christ. that they're the same exact thing, right? God is Christ, right? But God wanted to show an example that when he was on earth, he couldn't just do whatever he wanted to do, &gt;&gt; right? He had to submit himself to what he said he would do on earth. Meaning that Christ had a head. &gt;&gt; You know, a lot of times people, you know, God just don't come around and just say, "Well, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this." No. No. God has to obey his word. The Bible said because he could swear by no one greater, he swore by himself. Meaning when he says he's going to do this, he's got to do that. If he says it's got to be this way, it's got to be this way. When he came on earth, he didn't need to be baptized. He was already clean. But because he told people and said in flesh you got to get baptized, he says suffer not me to be baptized. &gt;&gt; Right? So God leading by example, right? That's the kind of leader in head that you that that you want uh uh in a person, &gt;&gt; right? Um and we kind of um talked about how, you know, even the prophets have to be subject to God. We talked about that story with uh brother Brandham and remember we referenced before how you're you're a pyramid. You're a pyramid and you can't have any shadows, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So the reason why the enemy was able to get to brother Brandham is because during that time he had a shadow which was his wife. You know the enemy checked brother Brandham and he just checked him around looked around and said man I can't see nothing but there was a little shadow and that was his wife and that shadow led to hope. Then he went over to hope. She said, "Okay, I see the shadows leading from him to her." And he looked around hoping and said, "Okay, where this thing leading to?" It was leading to the mother-in-law. And he found a way to get into the mother-in-law, right? And then from the mother-in-law, when brother Brandham said, "Yeah, I'm going to go and preach to these people." She said, "You don't you go preach to them people." I think he said, "Don't take my daughter. Go preaching to them people, right? And called them called them trash." Right? And brother Brandham listened to the mother, &gt;&gt; right? Because there was a shadow there. And God got upset. He said, "Oh, no. This is &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That was a major prophet, right? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That was a major prophet that had that chose not to be that chose not to accept Christ as his head, but instead this woman, right? &gt;&gt; And the Bible said when God said when God took away his uh his uh wife was uh sick and his daughter was sick, the prophet said that when he would pray the prayer to try to save them, he said it was like a black streak, right? Meaning that God had made a final decision. He was never going to hear a prayer like that. Right? So don't get put in a position where God ain't going to answer certain prayers. Like we don't want to be we don't want to be caught in a position where because of disobedience, God won't we're suffering with something and God won't even hear what you got to say, &gt;&gt; right? So it behooves us, you know. So uh prophets, they have to be uh uh under under uh uh headship, right? Headship and leadership, &gt;&gt; right? Um and so now we want to uh start uh like I said we want to start looking at the structure of the men, women, children. And we'll we'll start with the men. Right. So the man is the headold uh is the head of the household. Right. Right. And that comes with a lot a lot of responsibility. Right. You know God is trusting which is why I have that trust circle. You'll see between Christ and everyone God has trust right uh uh in a man to lead his household. Not the way he wants it to be led, but the way that God has it designed for him to be led. Right? It can't be you uh uh where you want to go or what you want to achieve in life. No, a man has to be submitted to God and a man has to know God, what do you want to do with this household? &gt;&gt; Right? Um and as uh we read in Corinthians uh the Bible verse, uh the Bible said that the man uh uh is the glory of God. And if we could pull up the um the uh message uh the choosing of a bride preaching 65 paragraph 141. So yo well my clicker is not working. So but yeah you can you can I I'll keep talking until you and you pull it up. But we're going to read a Bible verse from here just to show you uh you know how God uh originally uh uh designed things uh for his people. You know, God makes God made a man in a certain way, right? To uh uh to be able to to lead and handle leadership. And uh uh and when I showed that diagram of those red arrows, you know, a man feels a lot of pressure, right? A man should be feeling a lot. If a man is in a household where he don't feel any pressure, he's leading the wrong way, right? He's got to have some kind of pressure on him. There has to be something, you know, he has to have some kind of concern for God where he can wake up, you know, every morning and um, you know, say, "Lord, am I leading the family right? Is is is everything good? Is every is everything in check?" So, are we good on that? Okay, perfect. So, in the choosing of a bride? Yeah. Preaching 141. Yes. So, we'll start here. It says, "The prophet said, I want to ask you and say something here to you. I want you to notice a few minutes of all the species in the world, birds, animals. We find that on the animal life, all besides human, it's the male that's pretty and not the female. Why that? Look at the Look at the deer, the beautiful big buck with his horns and the little muy do. Look at the hen, the the little speckled hen and the big beautiful feathered rooster. Look at the male bird and the female bird. Look at the malor duck and the female. See, there isn't one species in the world that's made that can deceive and stoop as low as a woman. So read 142. Uh it says, "Now sister, don't get up and go out. Just wait till we hear the end of this." See, see, there's nothing, no female besides a woman could be immoral. You could call a dog a You could call a hog a soul, but morally they got more morals than half the movie star. So he's talking about the world, not sisters that are in Christ, right? Uh movie stars that out there, they cannot be nothing else but moral. And the woman was the one that was changed uh over for the perversion, right? So here we have the prophet uh uh showing that it's the man that's supposed to be the majesty, right? And in the world it's changed over. You know, the female is the one where everyone puts the uh um puts the uh uh the fame at and people worship the women and it's the women. But in reality, it's supposed to be the man that's being uh glorified because he uh he is he's the glory of God. God designed it that way. You know, God gave a man strength. He gave a man durability, endurance, right? And he can lead a household to the destination that it needs to go to. You know, God just built him that way, right? And so men should be reverenced. You know, it's and it's funny because, you know, nowadays in society, you know, it's it's so easy, you know, when you're at a time of peace, it's so easy to get lolled away and fall asleep, not knowing that, you know, in America, we have a lot of freedoms. We got a lot of freedom of speech. You can do what you want. You can say what you want, but you're not knowing that the lives that have died in order for you to keep that, right? The men that have, you know, uh, children that have lost their fam, the their their fathers and stuff in order for you to have these rights, right? Because not everybody in the world agrees that you should have freedom of speech, right? Not everybody in the world agrees, you know, a woman can go to college nowadays and it's fine for a woman to go to college, but there's some countries they will not allow a woman to go to college. They will lock you down just as that. But in America, we have this freedom where we have the ability for us to do these things, right, from men, you know, that have died, right? So the world is the world says patriarchy is wrong. But that's the way God designed things, right? So if you noticed uh in the story of Job, when Job tried uh when God tried Job, you know, it was his woman that wanted him to give up, right? His wife that wanted him to give up. She said, "Curse God and die the death, right?" And Job was like, "No, that's we're not that's not what we're doing." Right? You know, he said, and and notice he told her because he loved her, right? Because a righteous man to marry a righteous woman. He said, uh he said, "You speak like a foolish woman." And the prophet was saying that he wasn't calling her foolish, right? No, that was his little sweetheart. That was the uh the woman that he grew up with a family with and that he loved and he said, "You just not speaking right right now." Right? But honey, we can't do that. We have to stand on the word. &gt;&gt; Right? So that was uh uh that was Job and it was understandable for her because the Bible says the woman is is the weaker vessel. You know she was upset because she had lost all her kids, right? Can you imagine all those kids that you nurtured and you raised and you love and she was very very upset, right? But the thing about it was God wasn't looking for her response, right? When and all that was going on. God was not looking for her response. He was looking to see what Job was going to say. He was waiting to see, all right, I I I see all that's going wrong. I see what everyone else is saying. I see what your your church your friends from church are saying. I see all of that. But Job, what do you have to say about all of these things? &gt;&gt; God was looking for the man. That's right. So, it's not even the job of friends in church to run a household. A man has to run his household by the authority and leadership between him and God. &gt;&gt; You can't have anyone else try to come in your household and say what you need to do. No. God gave that household for you to lead, &gt;&gt; right? God gave the household for you to lead, right? And so we know the story. You know, Job, he stood with strength and durability and resilience. And when Job got the restoration of his blessings, his wife enjoyed it. And she was the one telling him to give up. But at the end of the day, she was the one that got to enjoy the double blessing, too. &gt;&gt; Job didn't just up and pick and get a new wife and say, "Man, you weren't with me when it was when times were down. You weren't with me, so I'm going to go get another one." No. And I and I like it because it's a beautiful type of Christ, right? You know, Christ, you know, he could have said, you know, oh, y'all don't want to follow my word. I'll just go find somebody else. But no, God said, okay, I I know you you guys are just you doing all these things out of ignorance. I understand it, but I still love you. And he stood the test of the cross. God exalted up and now sent back us his spirit and gave us power when we didn't deserve it. Right? So, it's just a beautiful type there to see a a man uh leading his household. So, um, and you can go ahead and pull up, uh, questions and answers number two, 54, uh, paragraphs 78 to 75. I'll keep talking. So, uh, you know, a a wives, you know, they have to trust their husband because he's got a connection with God, right? You might not know what's going on. Job didn't know what's going on, but he still had this innate trust inside him for God. Even though everything was going wrong, he was like, I still trust God. even though everything's going bad, I'm still trusting God. The wife couldn't see it, but Job could see it, right? Because God made made made the man uh the head, right? And so now men have been given this position and God will hold you responsible for everything that you do, right? You know, uh you're not leading just to chill around like a king and just sit back and just order everybody around just to go and get you something to eat and all that. No, that's that's that's not true leadership, right? you know, which means that you know, uh, everything you say is not thus sayeth the Lord, right? Everything a man says in a household is not thus sayaith the Lord, right? It's not. It's just not, right? And your your family, they have the right to call you out on that, too, right? They have a right to say if you if you say if you come with some weird stuff, they have a right to say, "Is that the word?" Right? So, uh, David, you know, David when, um, Uriah, you know, he David said, "Hey, you can go and have relations with your wife or I was like, no, that's not the word." And that was the king. To say no to the king was deaf. But no, if the king in on the word, you can stand on the word. God gives you ability to stand on the word. So, reading from questions, if you could pull that back up, questions and answers. This is number two, preaching 54. So it says here now these um well hold on a second. Uh is that is that number two? Are you sure that's a no this is that's not the right one. Hold on. It should be questions and answers. Uh number two 54013e. [Music] That's it. Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Hold on a second. that you can pick up what you're reading. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm trying to but my mouse is like messed up on the computer on my computer. Yeah. Yeah. Um okay. So just read up the ver just search up um uh angel of the Lord and Zapora, right? And you'll see it's in questions and answer. If someone asked about, you know, did God sought to kill Moses? Uh just search just search that, right? All right. And I can actually try to also search it as well on my phone. Bear with me. I'm very I'm very sorry about that. Uh All right, here we go. Perfect. All right. And this is uh so I'll just start reading from here. Um, someone that asked the question, hold on. Okay. Yeah. So, someone that asked the question, question answers. They they they said they they said they said, "Please explain Exodius the 24th the 4th chapter 24 verse. What does this scripture mean that God aimed to kill Moses or his son and why?" The prophet said, "We know where that's at." at Exodus 4:24. That's Exodus 4:24. That's a good question. Now, here we're here. We'll read it right here just a moment. Exodus 4:24. And it came to pass by the way in the end that the Lord met him and sought to kill him. How many remembers the story? Now, God gave Abraham generations before Moses the sign of circumcision. And that was the covenant that God made that every Jew should be circumcised. Is that right? Every man should be that was a that was a sign. And we are circumcised today with the Holy Spirit uh by the flesh. Now God gave this commandment. Every male must be cir circumcised. And God when he called Moses to go down there and deliver the children of Israel, Moses hadn't performed on his son the very delivering sign. See what I mean? Well, be like me saying all you church now, every one of you, you come in, you come in and be baptized here of water and we put you on the church membership. We're going we're all going to glory. Why brother? That's not scripture. Unless you are born again, circumcised of the Holy Ghost, you got to I don't care how good you are, what church you belong to, how good your parents was, except you as an individual been born again by the Holy Ghost, you'll never go in the rapture. And what he's saying is you got to have headship, right? The Holy Spirit is your headship, right? And without headship, you can't go into the rapture, right? You that's the very delivering sign of circumcision and circumcision by Holy Ghost. Now, the questioner asked this, here's what we want to get to. Does does the scripture mean that God aimed to kill Moses? Uh God means his word, right? Uh uh does the script this scripture mean that God aim to kill Moses, her son? And why? God was after Moses and Zapora was the only one that saved him there. So Zapora got a sharp rock, went and cut the foreskin off her baby and threw it before Moses and said, "Thou art a bloody husband to me." Is that right? And God would have took Moses' life. But no, but but listen to this. But perhaps an angel was standing there and said, "Zapora, catch it quickly." You see, and Zapora went and circumcised the baby, said, "Moses, you're so so concerned about everything else and about your journey that your own boy hasn't been circumcised." Right? So, it's, you know, a man, everything a man does, every decision you make, you might be busy making this plan, the household, we're going to do this, we're going to make this move, I'm going to take this job and stuff like that. And you don't and if you haven't consulted God, you know, God has a problem with that, right? And I like this Bible verse because you know uh uh when it said Moses sought to kill uh when God sought to kill Moses when Moses when God was coming down he wasn't looking to reason it out with Moses right he wasn't looking to say hey fella you know you failed to do this thing or hey man you need to do a better job it said it sought to kill Moses take him out right and Moses played a very very big role but because you know he had a wife that was spiritual that could catch the things the angel was saying she went and did this thing and saved the whole program of God, right? So, as a man, you know, you can't just you can't just not listen to your wife at all times. Sometimes God, if you ain't doing what you need to do, God will come and speak to her, right? And and uh uh to show you what the right way is to be. So, Zapora actually helped Moses, right? It was a really, really big help for Moses because God had just given Moses all this power. He said, "You'll be God to the people." And now here he is trying to take him out, right? and uh and we don't know what would have happened to the children of Israel. So she helped a lot of people, right? So yeah, so so women uh it's it's a woman can be inspired by God to help when the man is not taking his role which is submitting to the word of God, &gt;&gt; right? And we can see the difference in leadership of househo of households when we talk about Abraham and Lot as well. You know, Abraham's lineage went on to be the chosen people of God. You know, but Lot, not only did he lose family members at Sodom and Gomorra, it was 5050 about who was saved. In fact, only three only three people were saved, but after that whole thing, you know, and he was in the cave, his daughters, they did this disgraceful thing, right? And they they slept with their uh with their father. Brother Brandham said that was such a disgrace because it produced a people called Moabites, right? And these Moabites will eventually go against God's chosen people, right? Uh so you know it's and then during that time the false prophet Balam actually came on there and convinced them to all come together because they said we all the same. And brother Brandham said God never forgave his people for that sin that they did. Right? And so it's it's important for you know you know uh if a husband has a household make sure you're not a lukewarm believer. Right? and you want to come to church and you got real believing husbands that want to keep their household in check because your kids are going to interact, right? And I wonder sometimes, you know, if we we get into these lukewarm, you know, states, you know, uh uh that we begin that our kids begin to see you live a certain way and they're just copying off of what you're doing. Right? So, his daughters probably didn't know any better, but they just but because they've been in lukewarm so long, they didn't know what else to do. Right? And so a lot of times we may be raising up these kids that, you know, go against the true revelation of the message, right? And so now we're wondering when we get in a conversation with a brother and he just got this weird doctrine. It's like, where did you get that from? Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Sometimes it might be a lukewarm state in the family where that's all that they saw, right? And now they're trying to attack the real revelation, &gt;&gt; right? So it's important for men to uh uh not be lukewarm believers, but be full believers, right? And when your children see a full believer, they'll make the same choices. That's why when Isaac was offered up, the prophet said he didn't kick and scream and say, "No, you ain't killing me, daddy." No, he said, "No, he didn't. He he he knew the walk that he had with his dad. He knew the sacrifice that his dad went through. He had seen it so much and he said, "I trust this plan." Right? Which was why he was the chosen seed and a representation type of Christ because of what he saw in his household. &gt;&gt; Right? So moving on to the um moving on uh to the women and women uh play an important role, right? There are certain things that I just can't go to my dad for and and I love my dad. I love him with all my heart, right? But there's just there's just whenever I'm going through some things, you know, um it's it's something about going back to my mom where she just understands me and she just gets me and it's kind of like, you know, uh you know, there it's an understanding that just can't be replicated by a father. Like a father, when you go to a father with a problem, you know, he'll give you like a solution or he'll just kind of, well, you just need to grow like that. But a mother will be like, you know, she'll be understanding. She'll be right. And it's a and and a lot of times, you know, a mother, you don't even have to tell her something's wrong. She just knows something wrong. That's one thing that that I I'll say with my mom that now that I'm older, and I still depend upon her for a lot of stuff. I don't realize it, but sometimes she just knows when you upset. You You be on the phone, you be like, "Hey, what's going on?" She be like, "What's wrong?" I'll be like, "Geez." Like, she just knows there's something wrong there, right? It's just something about a mom that's got that sense. She's got that power and she's someone that you can just like put your head on like, you know, mom, this is what's going on. I mean, all the psychologists we have in the world and uh all the psychiatric medicine we got and self-help books, you know, a godly mother, right, in a household, man, I mean, that can be that can be a big cure. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I remember one time when I was sick with the flu when we were living in Georgia and I remember my mother, she stood by me the whole entire night. It's one of it's one of the memories that is locked in my soul. I was so sick, but I felt so much better just because she was right there. I remember she was in this she was in that brown rocking chair and she stood with me all night and she put her head on my forehead and I remember it and I was sick but I felt so much better just because she was right there and that memory is uh still in my in my heart uh to this day. Right? So, a mother has a um a mother has a very very uh uh important role, &gt;&gt; right? Um now, with all of that, you know, a woman a woman uh uh a woman's head is supposed to be the husband, right? That's that's the way uh uh God designed it. Meaning that there are there are some things like I said with the story of Job, God will talk to the husband about, but he won't tell you, right? He will not tell the woman. And sometimes, you know, a woman can try to take uh uh try to take charge or take over the uh the position of the man. And we see a lot of that comes in the beginning. Uh you know, when Eve thought she could she could lead because she got smart, right? She got a lot of intellect. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; When Eve committed adultery, uh in the beginning, the the enemy promised the enemy told her a lot of lies, but he gave her some truth, &gt;&gt; which was why it was such it was so deception. You got to be careful. That's for the five-fold ministry. I'm not coming here to give you my idea, right? I'm taking my revelation. I'm putting it through the word and then I'm searching the message to say, "What did the prophet say about this thing?" Right? Because I I don't want to come and tell you some things that's word and something that's off the word, right? No, I I I admit I might be a smart guy, but the prophet is a lot smarter than me when it comes to spiritual things. I'm in college. He had a seventh grade education, but the man is my head, right? And so when I come with you for a message, I'm going to make sure I pass it through what he says because I don't want to be deceived. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; G. &gt;&gt; That's that and that's the uh the position uh that a head should take. So Eve when she when she committed adultery, the the serpent, he did promise her something and and he promised her that she would be like God, meaning that she would get and she would get uh intelligence, right? She would get intellect and she did get that thing, right? Um, but notice with all that intellect that she got, she failed two things. One, she forget. She she failed to ask forgiveness from her husband for what she just did, right? There was nothing convicting her to say, "Hey, I'm sorry. I messed up." You know, I just went and just committed adultery to you. And and you know, she should have felt wrong, but she didn't feel that way. You see what I'm saying? Uh, and the second thing was that she stayed naked, right? she didn't clothe up. But um and that's the condition that we actually have in the world today. We have more women with degrees. There's more women that get accepted into medical school. I mean, PhDs all over the place. I'm going to college now. And some of the things that these girls are wearing, it's like, and it makes me feel old, but when I was in high school, they didn't wear stuff like that. I mean, they're showing things I ain't know it could get that worse, but they showing stuff that it's like I ain't even know you could you would like why would you lead a house like that? &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? And these kids, you know, they're not under headship because they're in college. So, they can do these things, right? Because maybe if they would have been under headship of a father and a mother and tried to walk out the house like that, they would have had some protection. You know what I'm saying? But, but everybody on campus is not like me. You got some wolves out there and when they see stuff like that, you you are an easy target, right? And that's why we have certain things that uh happened on on college campuses, right? But listen, when when Adam also went and committed this sin with Eve, he also got smarter, right? Because his they said they said his eyes open. But what what what did Adam do when his eyes were open? He clothed both of them, right? So even in a fallen state, God still has confidence in a man, right, to make the right choices, right? So even though they were in this state, now he shouldn't have used fig leaves, right? That's why he was wrong for using the fig leaves, but he was still right for trying to cover them up because God still even though he took the fig leaves away, he still covered them up, right? So he had enough of God inside of him to say, "No, no, we can't just walk around God's garden like this. We can't be we can't be looking like this." You know? All right. &gt;&gt; No. So, could you imagine if God would have came down to the garden before Adam got to her and seen Eve naked like that? How would he have reacted? He would have probably took her off the scene, right? But uh Adam had sense enough, right, to say, "No, we have to be covered. We got to cover up. We can't just go before God any old way, looking any old way, right?" And that's what Christ has come come to do for us. That's why he sent us the the prophet. He sent us the five-fold ministry to cover us up because God's coming back and he can't just have a bride looking any old way and wearing any old thing, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, um, so God, so you know, you and you and and I'm not saying, you know, you know, sisters shouldn't go to college. That's not what I'm saying. um you know you might be able to go to college you know but even in all of that because we got a lot of women that get you know the MBAs and the masters and the PhDs and you know you might God might lead you to marry some plumber that is just you know he don't &gt;&gt; he don't got a he don't got to lick a culture or language or nothing right and you might be very very smart very very intelligent you know you can invite all the top experts in your field you come to the house you're sitting down talking and the husband there, you just there just words going around and say he don't know what you're saying, right? He don't know what's going on, right? But God has more confidence in that man to lead the house even in that state. He might not be able to spell his name. He might not be able to talk about the what's going on with of politics, but God has confidence that that man can lead the household. When we look at the story of Jeremiah, uh Jeremiah was a young kid and he said, and when God was calling Jeremiah, he was like, "I'm young." God said, "Don't say I'm young." Right? And he said, "I've put my word in your mouth." Now, there were a bunch of ministers there that knew the scriptures back to front. There was very wellversed. The priesthood was still going on, but God had confidence in that little kid that didn't even want to get out, right? He said, "I put my I've put my word in your mouth. You can build kingdoms and you can destroy kingdoms. And all that power was in a little kid, right? But because he was a prophet, God had confidence in him that he would make the right decision, right? And that's why God has placed us in each of our positions because he has confidence that we'll make the right choices. &gt;&gt; Yes, we'll make mistakes. Adam made mistakes, but you could tell from Adam's heart that he was trying to keep the family together, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, um, and you know, and that's why some, you know, fathers, you know, you have to be careful when you're raising, uh, daughters, uh, because, you know, you can't baby them, right? They're not going to be in your household forever. You know, they might be your little your little baby, your little queen. Um, but eventually they're going to be somebody's wife, right? And, you know, and then you you and you give them you give them to the husband like that and he's got to unwind things and like, you know, I can't just do whatever you want me to say. like your dad did, right? Dads, man, they'll I mean, they'll drop everything for their daughters and stuff like that, right? But when you become when you when you come married to a man, you know, he can't do that, right? If God's telling him to do this thing and you saying this thing, you know, you're putting him in like a a tough spot cuz he don't want to make you upset, but he don't want to he don't want to say no to God. So, now he's like, "Man, what do I do?" &gt;&gt; Right? So we have to we have to make sure that you know and that's for guys too. You know you know you know moms can't be babying boys right you can't just sit up there and say you know oh that's my baby boy I'll just drop everything for him. Nah nah he's got to learn how to respect you right you know he needs to learn how to carry the groceries. He needs to learn how to you know if you tell him to move the desk from over there he needs to put his back into it and move that thing over there. Right? You know, you're trying to raise kids that, you know, uh uh when they when they get into relationship, they have respect for each other already. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; And we're missing a lot of that. We're missing a lot of good examples that kids can see, right? And so, because they can't see it, what do they do the next best thing? They try to get an education about it. But that don't do it. That was not ever God's original plan. God wanted you to see parents and see an example, right? That's why the Bible said the gospel didn't just come in word only, but it came in action. Right? When Jesus Christ came, he was physically baptized. He physically cast out devils. He physically died on the cross. He physically made a rapture just so we could see these things to believe. And that's what kids are looking for, uh, in parents. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right. So, um, so when you're, you know, you know, some of your young sisters here, you know, you're looking for a husband. Uh, you know, don't just don't just stop at having the same hobbies, right? You know, oh, we got the same hobbies. We got the same favorite color. We listen to the same gospel artist. You know, I mean, he just completes every word I say, he just completes it. You know what I'm saying? You know, no, that's that's a quality, right? But you have to be able in your heart to say, can I submit to this man? &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; You learn submission. And this is just wisdom. Learn submission before you get married. Don't try to learn it while you're married, right? Because y'all are still trying to figure things out. And that just adds another layer of complication, right? Men know how to work. Know how to work to the bone. Don't just try to be a hard worker when you get married. No. Know how to do that thing, you know, before you get into a marriage. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so, uh, if you could turn to, uh, 1 Peter, uh, 3:7. Uh, we just want to read a little bit of verses here, uh, about, uh, what, um, what Peter had to say about this thing um about, you know, the the household. Here we go. So it says, "Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together the grace of life, that your prayers uh be not Oh, it's five 5-7. Yeah. Five. For after this manner in the old time, the holy women also who trusted in God adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands." And verse six, even as Sarah obeyed Abraham, and look at that, calling him Lord, right? And that's the New Testament. Now, I'm not saying you got to call your husband Lord. That that would be a lot that would be way way too much. But from your heart, you know, he's got to be the person that you have confidence in. Like, you got to have confidence in this man. And and so, uh uh submission is not supposed to be like this scary thing. You know, a lot of times when you when you talk about submission, it just gets quiet. It's just it's just I mean, everyone just it's like you it's like you're trying to &gt;&gt; I don't know how to explain it, right? Um but and and you have to remember now, this only works if you have the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; right? If if you marry a man that don't got the Holy Ghost, submission is going to look totally different for you. You know, if you're a man and you marry a girl that don't got the Holy Ghost, your household is going to look totally different. Everybody needs the Holy Ghost for this to work, right? The Holy Ghost puts you both under subjection to the It gives you the power. That's why the Bible said, "I'll give you a new heart." Don't just stop there. He said, "And I'll give you my spirit to do what? To cause you to walk into the word." Right? So, it'll help you walk into the word when you surrendered totally surrendered uh to the to to the word. And so you and so you know and feminism yeah that's another ism has made has made uh submission look so so scary and so like bondage in this time right but you know there's a there's a girl in the Bible that I like and that's Esther right and Esther was a very very sweet wife and when it came time to go before the king to ask the king for help you know with the people we know that we all know that happened she was afraid just to approach him right And I like that because it showed reverence that she had for her husband. Like she just didn't want to come to him any old way. Like and if you notice, he had made a mistake cuz he got deceived into uh causing Mori deceived him into causing uh him to take out her Heymon. Yeah. Hmon deceived him to take him to take out the Jewish the Jewish people. So the king had made a wrong decision and didn't know it. And Ezra ain't going there and just say, "You big dummy. You know this is my people that you about to go kill. Right? She didn't just go up there and at night time slap him side the head or pour water on his face while he's sleeping. Look, you know what you just did to to to my people, right? She didn't do that. She was afraid to approach him and it's it's it's a it's a it was a sign of reverence, right? And so when she finally got the courage to go and approach him and you know, she was dressed a certain way and I like that because she was clothe I like clothed in humility. She came before him and the king the uh the king put forth the scepter and she touched it. Before she said anything, he said, "Whatever your request is, I'll give you half the kingdom if you if you want it." So that's what submission looks like. Right? And so that's why you need a Holy Ghost fil husband. If you can submit to your husband, he ought to give you half of everything. &gt;&gt; All right? &gt;&gt; Right? He ought to give you half of everything. &gt;&gt; We're not talking about no $15 Starbucks gift cards. No, he got to give you something that makes it hurt, you know, makes he got to give you some, you know, the newest Mercedes. Right. If he's got to Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. When when we're when when it's it's the truth, right? When when when we have submitted to Christ, what does he do? He gives us everything, right? He gave us everything. Anything the Bible says, if if you abide in me and my word abides in you, ask what you want, right? And so a wife submitted to her husband ought to be able to ask anything, right? And if the husband loves a wife, just as God said, husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church, you ought to be able to deliver. All right? You ought to be able to deliver. &gt;&gt; Ought to be able to deliver for her because she's doing everything she can. She's sacrificing a lot for you. So, she deserves the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. So, we love we love to see uh uh women are very very special in the economy of of God. And if you could turn to the um the message uh questions and answers uh number three uh 64, preaching 64, paragraph 1 uh through 14. And I'll try to pull it up as well. Okay. Yeah, this is good. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. So, we can we want to see just how strong a woman can be, right? So, it says here, "Well, then if the wife if the wife is saying this to you when she's saying has a right to say it, you better get right." See, then if and if someone was asking a question about if you're living with someone that is like not a believer and you're a believer, then if see if she is saying it just to be evil, remember the Bible said it was better that a millstone was hanged at your neck and drowned in the depths of the sea. Then even to offend offend the Lisa these my little ones. Now that's what that's just your and maybe this wife is not that type of person. Maybe she's a different maybe she's a good person. Maybe she's just testing to see what you'll do. Now stay in love with her and let her see Jesus in you. You do that. See, you just go on some I give a little illustration this morning about a person that one time and this is the story we want to get to. One time this little woman had received the Holy Ghost. She was very she was a very sweet little person. They said, "Well, she had a hard life and her husband was an alcoholic." And so she just kept on. She bore with him. He says, "You want to go to church, honey? Take off." But now he went down to the saloon down at the old Brown Derby down here going on. They had they had hung out there all the time. Used used to be the Bonafires. Many of you old-timers here remember when Bonafire had there on the corner of it. It's called Brown Derby now, I believe it is. So hanging around down there and the first thing you know one night come up a question about church and Christians. One of the old drunks s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set sitting there said there ain't no such thing as Christians anymore and there is there's no such a thing all this bunch of hypocrites said you see them out here smoking drinking doing the same thing that we do and that's why it's so important for us to live the message of the hour because people are seeing what an example of a Christian is and if you're displaying something false you can't be pleasing God &gt;&gt; right the same thing that and we do said call themselves Christian there is no such thing and Uh, paragraph 18. This one drunk raised up and said, "Just a minute. There's one that I know about." Said, "Who is it?" Said, "It's my wife." See, she'd become salty. He was catching it all the time. He said, "I bet if I bet if she was put to a squeeze," he said, "No, she's still a Christian. I'll prove it to you." Said, "I tell you what, I'll tell you what. Let's do Let's go up home and I'll show you whether she's a Christian or not." Said, "Let's go up home and now let's really be drunk. We're going to act like we're we're really drunk." knocked at the door coming staggering over everything and while the chair sitting around this way and everything and she set them all a chair and his guests, you know, and tried to make them just as welcome as she could be. She was a real Christian. Said, "I want you to fix us some supper." And they said, she went out and fixed them. Said, "We want ham and eggs." He know that they had it. So they fixed the ham and eggs. When he got there at the table, he looked at them like that, picked up his plate, and slammed the stuff on the floor. Now, I want you to take inventory right now. If your husband did that to you, how would you respond? &gt;&gt; Right. Right. You know, or if your wife came and responded to towards you a certain way, how would you respond, right? Because we want to take we want to take inventory about, you know, our life and who's in control and who is Lord of our life. He said, he looked at them like that, picked up his plate, slammed his stuff on the floor, and said, you know, I don't like my eggs like that. Come on, boys. Let's get out of here. Anyhow, like that. Like that. They went out and sat down like that, you know. And she come out. She said, "Dear, I'm sorry. I didn't get them fixed. I'll fix some more for you." Old nonsense. You know, I didn't want want them that way in the first place. Just carrying on like that. They went out there and sat down and act like they was drunk. They heard her in there kind of stubbing to herself singing real low voice. Must Jesus bear the cross alone. All the world go free. There's a cross for everyone and there's a cross for me. This consecrated cross I'll bear till death shall set me free. One drunk looked at the other and said, "See, she's a Christian. She got it." And that little woman led her husband plus these others to Christ that night, right? No sermon preached, no arguing, right? Just a woman that was in her place. And like, and we've had we've had I mean, we've had so many self-help books. We've had so many marriage books. We've had so many feminist uh um meetings and all these things and no people have been saved, but this little woman with the Holy Ghost that was living the position that God gave her was able to lead her husband and these other people saved to Christ. And so her husband probably didn't start off start out that way, but brother Jack said when you catch the devil stealing from you, right, he's got to return back double. So, not only did she get her husband back, but she saved a lot of other people, too, in her position, right? &gt;&gt; God's got a double blessing for everyone that is in their position. &gt;&gt; And finally, we'll go over just in in closing in a little bit, we'll we'll go over uh the children, right? Because the children uh children was in the uh the little circle of that. And of course, we know the Bible says to obey your obey your uh obey your parents. You know, you got some of these youth out here that, you know, they'll say that, you know, the message is a cage. Or they'll say like, you know, living under their father, it feels like you're in a cage. It's nonsense. Like, you just don't know what you're saying. You don't know what you're talking about. You don't know what is being uh um you don't know what you're being um protected from, you know. And I like to think about the the the the story of the prodical son, you know. It's like can you imagine living in a mansion and you just upset, you know? You got servants coming to you. It's like you you got the prodical son probably on his bed. Man, dad is just hard, man. He's just he got all these rules. And servant coming in here saying, "Hey, you want the uh Egyptian cotton uh night robe, the purple or the red one? I'll take the purple one." And he's coming back, man. All these all these, you know, rules in the house. And the servant come says, "Hey, you want a blueberry scone or or a strawberry scone? I'll take the strawberry one." And it's like, what do you mean you locked up? I mean, you you eating better and living better than a lot of people in the world, right? So, it's it it it's it just goes to show you how, you know, he went from living in that situation all the way down to a pig pin, right? And so, you know, you're um parents don't don't stop li don't stop teaching the message, right? Just because your kids, you know, are are are trying to, you know, challenge your authority. Every leadership comes with challenge, but you have to stay strong on the word, right? And uh and and your kids will thank you for it later in life. A lot of times parents want to be best friends with kids, but you're looking further beyond that, right? The same way Christ looks at us, he just he just doesn't want to bless us right now while we're in sin. He's looking further beyond that. He's looking for when we'll be re be reunited uh uh in eternity. You see what I'm saying? Uh so you know and uh uh you know so you young ones you know your parents are trying to teach you to be parents right they're trying to teach you leadership skills. They're trying to teach you how to uh how to grow up and be responsible kids. And that's why that's why they're uh they're they're they're doing these things like this. But a lot of kids want an accelerated growth. They want to grow up fast. They want to get to the they want to get to a fast. I used to have a mentor that said heavy is the head that wears the crown. Meaning that when you come in a leadership role and that crown comes on, it feels good for the first 10 minutes, but then the next day you're like, man, this thing is getting a little bit heavy. Uh, and the thing is you can't take it off, right? So, if you grow up too fast, you know, so, you know, so you have to be careful about certain things you do in life. You know, if you go out there and you get a kid, you know, you can't just reverse that thing back. You're stuck. You know what I'm saying? And the thing about it is it's a it's it's a bittersweetness because you love the kid, right? You love them, but you're not ready to take care of them. So now you'll see all your friends moving along, having success in life, and you're just kind of taking care of your kid, and you want to love them, but you still want to have those opportunities. Like, don't do that to yourself. Just wait until your parents have taught you everything that you need. Right? When you want to when you want someone to come to your house, take them through that structure. Let them come through Christ. If they come through Christ, that's really, really good. They're a Christian. But don't stop there. Take them through the prophet. Do they believe what the prophet says? They might just be saved, but you don't want someone just saved. You want someone that believes the message just like you believe the message, right? Take them to the five-fold ministry, the pastor, see what he got to say about it, right? Then take them to the parents, and if they checks through, then you're safe. You know that you have uh something safe. Don't try to make these decisions uh uh on your own, right? Don't try to make the decisions on your own. And parents have a responsibility. God's trusting you to raise these kids. Right? Um Proverbs 26 says, "Train a child in a way that it should go and it will not depart from it." Right? Uh so train means don't just tell them what to do. Nah, you need to train them. You need to n you got to read your Bible. You got to wake up every morning and read your Bible. You got to go to Sunday school. Right? Sunday school lessons, you need to be doing your Sunday school lessons. You got to train these kids how to do No, you need to dress up. We going to church and you need to dress up. why they in your household, right, under your control. They got to follow your rules, &gt;&gt; right? They have to follow your rules. And that's training them. So when they get older, then they'll know. And the key thing, the Bible says, train a child, not a teenager, not a young adult. So God's promise has a time limit. You ain't got a lot of time to keep that. &gt;&gt; You got to make sure you're on it just like that. So God can keep his end of the bargain, &gt;&gt; you know. So it's uh um so yeah train train your kids uh and children respect your parents you know you're in a helpless position right you're in a very very helpless position you don't got your you know you don't have your own clothes you don't you don't got your own food that's not your that's not your food that's not your house you know that's not your clothes your parents provided these things for you right if you didn't have them you'd be struggling if you go if you could go and talk to some of these kids that are growing up in uh orphanages their life rough right that life is rough tough that ain't easy being passed from home to home and and and and the hope of you know someone coming and adopting you and taking care of you. Someone comes and then it doesn't work out and then you get old and they just throw you out there. It's rough out there. You know, appreciate your parents that are sacrificing uh to give these things. So uh in closing, you know, the prophet had made a statement. He said that God does not need us, right? But we need him, right? So God um and God didn't need the God don't need the prophets. He want to use them. When Moses smashed that rock two times, God said, "You ain't going in the promised land." Right? I'mma I'mma let uh Joshua go and lead these people. Right? So don't your your your position don't think that you can't be you're not replaceable. Right? And uh uh major the major prophets, they don't need the five-fold ministry. There was a time when the king was saying, "Hey, I got 500 uh ministers here that said we can go and take the land." And there was this one prophet that came in there and said, "Hey, if you if you come back successful, you can call me a false prophet." Right? One prophet against the whole entire ministers. And his word was right. Right? The prophets don't need the five-fold ministry. Five-fold ministry uh doesn't really need the congregation. Right? You know, I I'll be fine teaching to a rock in my backyard. I'll put a smiley face on this smiley face on a rock and just start teaching it from Genesis all the way to Revelation, right? Um, you know, we the congregation needs the five-fold ministry to be successful. You know, men don't need women. The Bible says it is better for a man to live alone in the corner than with a brawling and contentious woman, right? So, a woman needs a man and and children, your parents don't need you. God blessed them before you came and they'll be blessed after you leave. Right? So God doesn't the these are these are God has these structures in place but the thing about it is God wants to use you right God wants to uh a relationship with you God wants you know your ch your uh parents they want your kid the kids in their life but we you got to follow right you got to follow the instruction you have to follow uh the leading right and so in closing you know um we've gone through this journey of positioning uh and just to kind of type it to a um to a diamond If you've ever seen the way that, you know, sometimes they cut diamonds when you turn it upside down, you know, uh it's it shows as a pyramid, right? And that's go that that kind of goes back to how God wants us to be a pyramid, right? Just shining, no shadows, right? That he can see his own reflection uh inside of us, right? So, it's important for us to make sure that we're in position. And when we've gone through all of these stages, we've gone through the ups and down. God's not rapturing coal, right? God wants to rapture diamonds that have been pressure pressurized and tested and he can see his own reflection inside of it. Right? So that's why God, you know, tells us these things to to help us to uh uh stay in order and also it's to keep our families blessed, right? So the children are dependent upon the parents. The wife is dependent upon the husband, right? The congregation is dependent upon the ministry. The fatherful ministry is dependent upon the major prophet and the major prophet is dependent upon the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you all. and we're going to um we'll end this in a in a word of prayer. Lord God, we thank you for your word, oh Lord God, and these nuggets that you've given us, oh Lord God, this revelation that you've given us, oh Lord God, in the day and age that we're living in, we can see the world is headed into the opposite direction. meaning that there are children out there that are suffering because the parents aren't in place in their own households, oh Lord God, and they're suffering under that thing. But Lord, because of your grace and mercy, oh Lord God, in this day and age, as brother Gwyn said, where it's complete darkness, oh Lord God, there is light, oh God. And that light is right here in West Palm Beach on a Wednesday night. Right, Lord? You've come to visit us, oh Lord God, and given us this light, oh Lord God, so that we can shine in the darkness. We can see the enemy and what he tries to do and how he tries to break families, oh Lord, but you've given us the weapon, oh Lord, to not only defeat him, oh Lord, but to keep our families blessed, oh Lord God. Lord, you want to bless our households. You want to you want to extend our boundaries, oh Lord God, you want to bless us abundantly and keep us healthy, oh Lord God. Lord, help us to to to to take these principles that we've learned, oh Lord, to heart, oh Lord God, so that we can continue to glorify you and you can continue to glorify us, oh Lord God. Lord, you the prophet said that you're looking for someone that when you bless them, they get lower. And when they get lower, you can bless them with more and they just go lower. And then you can bless them with more, they can just go low. The more you give to them, the lower they get, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Let that be our testimony today, oh Lord God, that we pleased you, oh Lord God, and that we're a people that are preparing for the rapture, Lord, and your return in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] Thank the Lord for uh the word uh on tonight. Certainly appreciate uh brother Quinton and uh boy, he put some pressure. My wife said amen real loud about that Mercedes. I said, "My God, my God, bro, this man got to get married. My lord, he'll be under the pressure then." But we sure thank God for them. We really really appreciate. Amen. The Lord. Let me get uh tonight's um uh announcements and um um we'll go from there. We uh just want to remind you on next Wednesday. Yeah, next Wednesday we'll be doing our communion and feet washing service uh here. Uh so keep that in mind. And then uh Sunday we'll be here for prayer from 8:30 to 9:30. Sunday school 8:45 to 9:15. And the service will start at 9:30. And our streaming continues through uh Facebook SAT tabernacle and uh also our church website john423.org. Um all right, the Bethl Youth Camp coming up uh on Sunday, October Thursday through Sunday, October 16th through 19th in Brevard, North Carolina. And the registration is there at that website. Uh so keep that in mind. Uh also um the uh our giving is through zel, PayPal and cash app. And as you're aware um zel is preferred because of no uh fees. But if you use zel or PayPal, it's giving at john423.org and cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t. Our mailing address is on the bottom of the screen there. and uh you can use that. Those in the sanctuary, uh we do have a box on the back table that you can use as you're entering or exiting. Praise the Lord. All right. Do we have anyone that want to share uh testimony uh tonight uh before we depart? Okay, come on up. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Oh, God bless you, church. Um, I don't know if you remember, I want to say maybe 3 months ago, um, I asked for prayer for one of my customers. Her her name is Felicia. Um, she had cancer. Um, I spoke with her today. Um, she said that she's going for a final checkup just for them to make sure she all in all clear. She has been healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So, Amen. I talked to her and she was like, "Yeah, I got one more checkup." And I was like, "It's already done." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I just I was so happy. I just was like, "Man, I can't wait to tell my church that, man, just prayers are real. God is real. Just we we need it. God need it." And Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank God for proving himself once again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody else want to share uh tonight? All right. Okay. All right. Come on up, brother. Amen. It's okay. He might want to share, too. So, &gt;&gt; I guess I'll share. Well, um, when Joshua and Caleb went to check out what was going on over there, they came back with a report. Right. &gt;&gt; I'm here to give a report. I'm pretty sure there was quite a few here that one night that I got up here and I let you guys know that we had a little situation with the computer, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, this this is this is big for me. &gt;&gt; This is big for me because uh if they were writing a Bible, &gt;&gt; they would have been writing about this right now. All right. &gt;&gt; Because this is a a miracle what happened. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yeah. Uh we just had a preacher over here that was uh uh testifying about something that happened in the time when brother Brandham was around with that lady and all the all these things that he's preaching about, &gt;&gt; you know, are miracles that God is doing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And brother Jack preach uh uh uh prayed and he said that um Peter when he was he was talking about it, he he said that when Peter walked in the water, he didn't even get wet, &gt;&gt; right? And he said, "Let that water don't even touch this computer." &gt;&gt; Correct. When I got to the house, the computer had been wet for about an hour and a half and she had it upside down. And I got there and I hit it with the with the um with the air with the with like a air compressor &gt;&gt; and water was pouring out. I got Linda was standing next to me, so she's a witness of that. &gt;&gt; And that computer got not wet, it got soaked. &gt;&gt; I took it over there. uh with those computers when they get wet and they open them, you couldn't tell them that it didn't get wet, they have some seals that they change color and they know that they got wet, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; When I took it over there, the guy that that um that I was taking it to, I had told him what happened. He said, "Since it's through the insurance, just bring it in and and tell him that it's not turning on," which it wasn't turning on. &gt;&gt; He said, "We'll figure out what it is. If it's soaking and wet, then we'll tell you what it is." But so I took it over there. I gave them the computer's not turning on. They said they couldn't figure out what was going on. They had to send it to the um like to the the the shop where where the warranty shop and they sent it over there. Nobody would talk to me. They wouldn't tell me anything. They said they're working on the computer. Then like four days later, I get an email from UPS, a delivery at the house. The computer's at the house and I'm like I'm like, "Okay." I was happy that the computer was back and the computer was &gt;&gt; turning on and all the data was there &gt;&gt; and I'm like, "No, no, no. I I got to check this." So, I called back. I talked to this guy to and I said, "What happened to the computer? What did you guys do? There's nothing wrong with the computer. We just changed the battery." &gt;&gt; So, I I don't know, but but when Jack when brother Jack prayed, he said that the water wasn't gonna it wasn't going to touch the computer. And that's exactly what happened. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The water did not touch the computer. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; They changed the battery and the computer, we got the computer back and nothing was lost. All the data and we got everything back. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; That's the first one. That's the first one. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The second thing um when uh I I just I went we I went away for the weekend and to the men meeting and we had a wonderful time over there. And when I came back, the the devil has been trying to take me out. And and when I'm telling you guys he's trying to take me out, he's been trying to take you out. And that's what I'm going to testify about. &gt;&gt; Um on Monday morning when I woke up, &gt;&gt; um I was putting in some we were going to the bar and I was putting some shaving in the back of the truck and I like the second bag that I lifted up, I something happened to my back. I mean, I'm I'm I'm literally I've been my back went out and I couldn't move my arms. I couldn't walk. I couldn't So, I drove from there straight to the to the chiropractor and they they did some stuff and and but I still couldn't I couldn't I couldn't move. I couldn't walk. I couldn't drive. Um so, I went I worked that day, pushed through it. Um, and then Tuesday I went to the doctor to the chiropractor again and then I went again today and it's getting a little better, but um I had I think Abby was with me and I had Abby uh pray for me &gt;&gt; and um I lay my hands on my own self. I didn't even pray. It says lay your hands on the sick and they shall recover. So I can't tell you that I prayed. So, um I I I I I that happened and and and and till today I'm just now getting better, but my back something happened to my back, you know. Um and um and then on Tuesday, we're driving, we're coming back from Jupiter and driving down this this back road and there's like a curve coming. I don't know what happened to me. I kind of doze off &gt;&gt; and it was a big curve like that and I literally if I would if it would have been one second later when I opened my eyes the truck was going towards four vehicles that were turning like that and they all swerved and went to the side. Nobody nothing happened to anybody. And I woke up and I swerved the the truck and the trailer like swerve to the side and I just back in the road. But if it it would have been one more second with my eyes closed. I don't know. I wasn't even sleeping. Just closed. So, he's been trying to take me out and I I was talking to somebody and and they were asking me um you know, how's everything? And and my answer was just like the the I was listening to a message and brother Brandon was talking about the uh um uh the shammite woman &gt;&gt; and and like when when when when Elijah was uh uh saw her, he was like, "Oh, oh, there something's wrong with the woman, you know, &gt;&gt; and and but I but the Lord hasn't told me what's wrong what's wrong with her." And then she came up to him and she was like, "H how you how you doing?" you know, how are you? And she was like, "All is well." &gt;&gt; That was her answer. All is well. But yet her her uh kid was dead. The the husband was uh uh sick or something like that. Uh or crazy. He was like insane or something like that. And her answer was all as well. I had some brothers call me, hey, how's how's everything? All my back is broke. I almost crashed. Like I got a couple other things that that are happening. And I was like, &gt;&gt; all is well. &gt;&gt; Amen. all this was, you know, so I just wanted to testify about that and and just to stay encouraged and you guys just uh uh keep on testifying these things that happened to us. I I couldn't wait to get here and testify because these are the things that are real that are happening and and and and we give all the glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But give props to ourselves because if we're not standing &gt;&gt; the way God tells us to stand, he cannot perform these miracles in our life. If we would have been like, "Oh, the computer's done. It's over. I mean, it's wet. I mean, computer get wet." No, no. I I don't care if the computer's wet. I believe that prayer that was said that the water wasn't the water. There was water all over that. That thing was soaked. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; No water damage. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Certainly thank the Lord for uh just honoring his word and honoring prayer. Amen. on on their behalf and also watching over uh brother Jose. Anybody else want to share a testimony tonight? All right. Come on, sis. Amen. [Music] God bless you. Um, this is kind of more like a praise report. Um, I was on Tuesday morning. It was like like probably like the best we like I've felt in the weather like since the beginning of the year. It was like really uh windy and um like just cool. And I was walking inside from feeding uh our dog and I was singing Holy Forever. And as I was singing it, I kind of like stopped on the porch. And I was like and I was and I was watching the trees like as they were moving and I just kept singing the song and it was like kind of like the wind and the trees were like singing with me &gt;&gt; and I was I was like thinking about it and and like every time I would like slow down in the song the trees and the wind would like slow down and I was like wow that's actually like amazing and like seeing God like be there you know like as I'm just singing a song, walking inside, you know, just seeing God revealing himself right there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. That certainly our God. Amen. Appreciate that. Anybody else want to share? All right. Thank the Lord. Amen. God bless you. I don't like coming up here. Um, I did want to say a little testimony. So, I've been having a neck pain or shoulder pain. I don't even know where it is. Lower upper back. And for like ever since I started riding horses for like three years and I didn't put any thought to it. I would literally have to sometimes cry myself to sleep or like take a goodies packet or anything. I was just dealing with the pain. And then Monday when he broke his back. Um he uh went to the chiropractor and I told uh they were doing something and it just I just said it and he was like, "Sit down on the table." And I was like, "Okay." So, I laid down on the table and he's like, "Oh, yeah. What were you doing?" And I was like, "I don't know. I was just dealing with it and he was like, "This if you would have waited a couple more years, this could have turned into like arthritis." And I was like, "Oh, okay." So, he did whatever, cracked my neck and all this, whatever. I don't even I've never been to a chiropractor. So then we went Tuesday, Wednesday and I literally wasn't before I wasn't able to move my neck this way. &gt;&gt; Now I can literally touch it with my shoulder and like do I can lift it up. I can I wasn't wouldn't be able to like sit there at the computer and type for a while and then leave my hand there. I would have to drop it down because it would hurt so much. Now I'm just like so. &gt;&gt; All right. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Certainly. Thank God. All right. Anybody else want to share before we um close tonight? All right. Um I I I don't think we announced it, but don't isn't this Friday? Tape Friday. Uh what what is the the tape for this Friday? &gt;&gt; Leadership. Leadership. All right. So, um on Friday, um don't forget that in our homes, uh we'll be listening to leadership. Amen. All right, let us have a word of prayer and we will u dismiss the congregation. Father, we thank you for um just how you spoke to our hearts tonight. Thank you for using brother Quenton uh Junior Lord just to just kind of show Lord just the uh importance of the structure that you have established and how um God uh each one works independently but when we work together the power and the force that goes along with that and uh the the security that comes from it. Lord Jesus, we just uh pray that you would just help us, Lord, to apply uh what we have heard and submit ourselves to your word. And thank you for these testimonies that you have uh brought people a a lady being healed of cancer. Um God, that is a that's powerful. And we don't know who else might be going through something, but when they hear testimonies like that, Father, they know that you are real and that there is nothing too hard uh for you. So we ask Lord Jesus that you just continue Lord to strengthen your people. Uh bless them. Thank you for watching over uh brother uh Jose and thank you Lord for the testimony at the computer and and touching sister Abby and and also just letting sister Linda see how real you are even in nature. We see you in every aspect of our life. We trust God that as we leave this place but not your presence that you would go with us that you would bring us back on at the appointed time on Sunday and may you meet us here God in a very special way. We're careful to give you all the honor, all the glory and all the praise. It's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Uh the brothers will come at this time uh to dismiss us. God bless you. [Music]
