################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Unveiling on the Seventh Day - Bro Jack Duff (05-25-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    Unveiling on the Seventh Day - Bro Jack Duff (05-25-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP2p_EHl3g4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. I [Music] said hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Praise him. Somebody ought to praise him in the house. Amen. I believe you know something about Jesus. Have you tried him and tasted and seen that he is good? Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you, Sister Michelle. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Y'all can have your seat. My Lord, y'all got me in a singing voice. I trying to get up there. Praise the Lord. Oh my my my. Oh, when you start thinking about the goodness of the Lord, you can't help but dance. Amen. Some of y'all act like y'all ain't dancing in a long time. It was a good It You got to get in shape to come to the house of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you, Sister Michelle. We really appreciated that special. [Music] Amen. We we have a guest. Uh, Sister Jasmine came with Sister Linda. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord, [Applause] sister. Precious Brother Prevalon in the back. God bless you. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord, my brother. Amen. Also, Sister Smith, it's good to have you back in the house of the Lord. Amen. I believe everybody else just family. Well, everybody's family anyway. Praise the Lord. Amen. We don't have any uh written requests um here, but we want to continue to keep Sister Dixon in prayer. Um continue to keep my mother in prayer. She'll be going in, I believe, either Wednesday or Thursday uh to have surgery on her left eye. So, keep her in prayer as well. Amen. Continue to pray for our brothers and sisters that are not here. Amen. Pray for our pastor as he prepares prepares his heart to bring the message this morning. May I have the announcement, sister? Amen. On Thursday be brother Josiah's [Music] birthday. Praise the Lord. Amen. We will have service uh Wednesday night at 7:30. will continue to stream via Facebook at sat tabernacle and the church's website john423.org. We will have a a guest minister, brother Thomas, will be coming in uh Wednesday to speak for us. So, he's always a blessing. We want to pray for brother Thomas as he comes. Amen. We have our Memorial Day church picnic tomorrow at Havill Park at 11:00 a.m. Everybody's invited. Um, we have brother's virtual prayer Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. Then also we have a musicians rehearsal June 13th at 7 p.m. It' be right here. Um, so musicians, anybody that has specials and you want to rehearse with the with the musicians, you're more than welcome to come as well. Amen. We have a youth service coming up June 20th at 7:30 p.m. And then the South Florida choir rehearsal will um be May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach. It starts promptly at 6:00 p.m. Amen. So everybody get there about [Music] 5:45. And that'll get you there by 6. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's all taking place for our July meetings. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Um it'll be over at the Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens July 25th through July 27 27th. Amen. And it's good to know that the the Holy Ghost will be speaking. So everybody come with great expectations and I believe the Lord will meet and exceed those expectations. Amen. So pray for the the meetings coming up. pray for every service. Amen. We have three ways of giving online. One way of giving it in the in the sanctuary. We have a wooden box in the back. You can drop your giving in there. Online, the preferred method is Zel. They do not take any fees. Um PayPal and Cash App, they take fees out. Uh the email address that you would use for both Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. Cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t for those desiring. um to mail in your giving is Spirit of Truth Tabernacle PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. And if you were at the business meeting, we know that the month of June and July, people go on vacations. Praise the Lord. We got ways of giving online. Amen. So we don't come up short in those in those months. So um remember those. Amen. Let's bow bow our heads. Father God, Father, it's good to be back in your presence with the saints, Lord, as we have gathered before our father this morning, Lord God. We've come, Lord, first of all, to hear your word, Lord. But we want to worship you. We want to express our love and our adoration towards you, Lord. So receive our praise and our thanksgiving. Father, we bring before you Sister Gibson, not Sister, I'm sorry, Sister Dixon. Lord Jesus, asking Almighty God, Father, that you would just touch her body, Lord Jesus. Father, from strength to strength, from glory to glory. May you move upon her, Lord, with your great healing power. Restore her strength, Lord. Restore her health, Lord Jesus. And Father, if I if we know Sister Dixon, the devil can't take her praise, Lord Jesus. So, I pray, oh God, that you would inhabit her praises. grant her heart's desire and meet every need that she has, Lord. Father, I pray that you would be with mama, Lord Jesus, as she goes in for surgery on her other eye. Oh, Father, you are the great physician. Anoint the surgeons, Lord Jesus. Father, they may that they may do a perfect job and that you will give her a speedy recovery, Lord Jesus. Father, our brothers and sisters, you know the needs upon each and every heart. Father, you know their heart's desire. And Father, you say, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you." So, Father, grant and supply every need that each one has, Father. And Father, we bring unto you our tithing and our offering, our portion of our worship. Father, we bring it according to your word, Lord, that it may be used for the kingdom of God's sake, Lord Jesus. Bless the people for giving, Lord Jesus. Bless them, Lord, for their cheerfulness and their heart's desire to see, Lord, the kingdom move forward, Lord. Father, again, Lord, anoint our pastor Aresh, Lord, help him to get himself out of the way, Lord Jesus. Give him strength in his body, Lord. Oh, Father, may he have perfect soundness in his mind that he may deliver his heart. And may everyone, Lord, with a ready heart, receive the truth that you would deliver to us this morning. We love you, Father. We bless your name and praise you. It's in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah, [Music] God bless you. My song got changed, too. So, I'm gonna try it. If you know it, please sing it with me. I know he loves me. I know he cares. Whenever I call, he always is right there. In times of trouble, he is my help. No, I know no fear. I know he is right there. He says he will do. My God moves away. Why would I doubt when he always comes through? My God really moves. Oh, I know he loves me. I know he cares. Whenever I call, he always is right there in times of trouble. He is my help. No, I know no fear. I know he right there. He really does what he says he will do. My God really moves away. Why would I doubt when he always comes through? My God really moves away. He really does what he says he will do. My God really move away. Why would I doubt when he always comes through? My God really [Music] move. He really does what he says he will do. My God really moving down when he always God really move. [Music] Oh, really really moves. [Music] will [Music] be you're always [Music] kind for the one time. You can't do no [Music] wrong. The 99 [Music] always does what he says he will do. So God really move away. When I tell we always God will move away. Why would I go away [Music] always? You're always right. You can't do no [Music] wrong. 99 always for the [Music] one. You're always right. You can't do [Music] no for the one day now. [Applause] [Music] cry 99 for the world [Music] [Music] for the heaven. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] away. [Music] [Music] He will say he will tell me always. [Music] Amen. He cares for you. Amen. He'll lead the 99 to seek you out. Amen. I'm so grateful. God bless you, Sister Sarah. Praise the Lord. Amen. We're going to invite our pastor to come at this time. Let's sing this song together. You and I, the God created by human hand. You are not a god depending any more. You are not a god [Music] who anything you can give by your way. You are not a god. You are not a god created by you. You are not a [Music] god for your man. You are not a god. anything your pain and that's just the way it is. [Music] You are [Music] not in the good time. [Music] Yes. Oh, second verse. Oh, you're the only God whose power and none can contain. And you're the only God whose name praise will never. You're the only God. Oh, of everything you can do. You are God's hand. You are God alone. Come on, put your hands on it. Hey. Hallelujah. Wo right now. God, I'm going to praise you. You are on your throne. You are God. You are God. Nobody like you, [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. [Applause] Wo. In a good time. Wo. In a bad time. [Music] You're still on your [Music] [Applause] throne. [Music] You're tell you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Nobody can stop you, Jesus. Hey, come on. Tell the Lord to your [Music] unshakeable. You're unshakeable. Unstoppable. We declare our God. You never change. You never change. You can't be stopped. You are God. Say you are God. Oh time. Hey you on your throne. You were God alone. right now. No matter what I'm going through, you'll never leave your throne. [Music] right now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, Jesus. Yeah, I can tell right now in my good time. Hey, in my bad time, you still go. You're still God. Hey, right now God, I love you. Hey God, I praise you. Nobody like you, Jesus. Nobody like you, Jesus. I know. This is my [Music] declaration. God, I'm going to praise your name. I come here to lift you up. Whoa. Right now. Right now. In the good times. Hey, you were one more time. One more time. I said right now in the good times and bad. [Music] Oh, you are sounds real good. I say right now. That's what I said. Oh, that's what I mean. You are. I'm going to praise you, Jesus. Whoa. Oh, I said right now and in the good times and bad. Oh, you're on your throne. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody give him glory in this place. Somebody worship him in your good times. Somebody worship him in your bad times. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes. God, we love you. We praise you, Jesus. You're worthy of the praise. No matter what we're going through, you're still worthy. [Music] David said, "I will bless the Lord at all times, and his praise shall continually be in my [Music] mouth." He said, "Magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together." He's worthy. He's worthy. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Why don't you just greet your neighbors say welcome to his presence. Welcome to his [Music] presence. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. That song is perfect. I I just don't know the words. I know my daughter wrote the song, but uh something about in spite of your [Music] infirmity, I will forsake you. I am God of the chance. [Music] Lord have [Music] mercy. Y'all got to sing it. Y'all got to sing it. I can't. I can't. It's right on time though. Sister Shalom, my we can get the musicians lined up with the singers, but we'll have something going then, I tell you. But I did want to say I you you shocked me. I thought I thought Hadass was playing, but that was Shalom had holding it down. My got oil flowing all through her this morning. Thank God. My appreciate the Lord. Amen. And brother Solomon just led us in some really good worship songs there. just create a wonderful atmosphere here. Amen. It it feel good to come in church. I was um getting a text. Y'all can get your Bibles. I I'll read here shortly. But I was uh got a text this morning. Brother was sent me a quote where brother Ram say, "Sometime we just be so tired and it's a push to get out to the service of the Lord." It says, "But when it get there just among the saints and they just begin to praise God, all of a sudden your strength just get renewed." And and I was feeling that way this morning. I said, "Oh my, look at this and look at this and look at this." I said, "Lord, this is all right." So I I I I'm I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. We welcome you to his presence. Thank you, musicians. Thank you uh the specials that went forth this morning. God bless you, Sister Michelle, Sister Sarah. Thank you all so much. I do want to read a couple scriptures. Amen. uh on today and um just bear with me if you will. I know it's a a little reading, but Amen. There's nothing like the word of God. Amen. Revelation 3 and Revelation 10 um uh are two of the three scriptures I want to read um on today. And then uh I want to go back to Judges uh chapter 14 and uh read something from there. So, Revelation 3 and uh verse uh 14 very very familiar passage. Amen. To uh most of us and um the I want to also just mention this as I read this. Some of us we we this is like oh yeah we know that we know that. But I want you to always remember one of the reasons that we still here is because somebody else don't know this. and and then we have to we have to share the gospel. Amen. Um uh so Revelation 3:14, "And unto the angel of the church of the Leodysans, write these things, saith the a man, the faithful and true witness, uh the beginning of the creation of God." That's none other than our Lord Jesus Christ says, "I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou work cold or hot." So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth, because thou sayest, I am rich, and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. The condition of the church today, uh, even though they don't realize they're in this condition, uh, Jesus said they would be like this. And um anything Jesus said will come to pass. Amen. Verse 18 says, "I counsel thee uh to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chase and be zealous therefore and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock if any man hear my voice and open the door. I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me to him that overcomemeth. I love that. You got to have something that you overcome. Amen. And um uh it's, you know, it's important that you do that. Amen. And to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also uh overcame, and I'm sat down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. Very important to understand. The reason that the word churches is there is because uh there are two groups that are being spoken to in that uh uh passage of scriptures. There is the the false church and there is the true church. Amen. The true church will be the ones that have overcome. Amen. Revelation 10 uh verse 1-7. Let's just uh catch that again. Very very familiar passage to most of us uh here. Uh but I u like to just see what the Lord will say to us today through this. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was a upon his head. Amen. And his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. And he set his right foot upon the sea and the left foot upon the earth left foot on the earth. and cried with a loud voice. As when a l when a lion roarth. Amen. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. Amen. And when the seven thunders that uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not." And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that uh therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. Now, that verse where it says in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, that seventh angel is the same angel that we just read in Revelation 3, uh, talking about the angel to the Leodysian church age is the same ministry. Amen. The last verse that we'll read here today, we'll go back to the book of Judges. Amen. Uh verse uh chapter 14, and I'll read one verse uh from here, verse 17. Um praise the Lord. It says, "And she wept before him the seven days while their feast lasted. And it came to pass on the seventh day that he told her because she lay sore upon him and she told and and and she told the riddle to the children of a people. Amen. Let's just have a word of prayer. Uh Father, we just thank you for all that has happened thus far in the service. And um Lord, just from the opening prayer, opening song, opening note, Lord, to this point, we have felt the presence of God uh in this place. Our strength has been renewed. Our spirit is refreshed. And uh Lord, we just feel good about being here in the house of the Lord today. Now, the word comes forth, the most important part of the service. And God, we pray that revelation would come from heaven to our hearts. That we would have something we can hold to God that we can lean on uh when we're going through trials and tribulations and distresses. You know the conditions of the people that are present. You know the conditions of those that are online. Speak to your people in only a way that you can. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated in the house of the Lord. Amen. We um thank God for all amen that are that are with us uh this morning. Uh I want to uh take for a thought this morning unveiling on the seventh day. Amen. Unveiling on the seventh day. Amen. Um, I want to just start this out with a um quotation from uh the message, the revelation of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. I believe uh brother Mark was closing out prayer this morning and uh he he made a comment there in his prayer about uh Lord how we need revelation. And uh so that was the opening quote for me on this morning. So uh helped me know that I was right in the channel. So thank you, brother Mark. Amen. for that. Uh here in um the revelation of Jesus Christ uh God's prophet makes a statement here. It says now the Greek word for revelation is apocalypse. He says which means unveiling. He says this unveiling is perfectly described in the example of a sculptor unveiling his work of statuary. Amen. Uh exposing it to the onlooker. uh it is an uncovering revealing what was previously hidden. Now the uncovering is not only the revelation of the person of Christ but it is the revelation of his future works in the oncoming seven church ages. Now that statement is extremely important and the reason that is important is because we have many people amen that know the Jesus of Calvary. Hallelujah. We have many people that uh that's all they want to do is stop at the Jesus of Calvary. Come on, somebody. But but there is a Jesus that rose. And then there is and so there was a work that was done up to Calvary and then there was another work that he had to do throughout the church ages. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So we we need to know both both Jesuses is the same Jesus, right? But we need to know the Jesus that came to die for our sins. But the Jesus that rose and did a work through the ages. We need to know that Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we're talking about, Amen. this revelation that is needed of his future works in the oncoming seven church ages. Amen. And we read one of those church ages there in Revelation 3. That was the seventh church age uh that we read about there. So there were six others before that. But the seventh one is the one that we're living in right now. So it's very important for us to understand that Jesus has been doing a work throughout these ages even up to this day is the Lord Jesus doing the work. Let us go forward in this quote. He says uh the importance of revelation by the spirit and that is that is so important. I can't give you revelation. Your neighbor sitting next to you can't give you revelation. Amen. We can talk to you about all all kind of things, but it takes God himself, amen, to drop down and give you revelation. And I'm here to tell you today that when God gives you a revelation, there is nobody or nothing that can take that revelation from you. If you if you have a condition in your body that the doctors tell you there is nothing we can do. But if God gives you a revelation and says, "I am the Lord thy God that health all thy diseases." No matter what the doctor's report shows, no matter what the doctor says, I don't care how much bad news you got. When God give you revelation, you'll stand against what the doctor say. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You don't look at conditions and circumstances when you have a revelation. So you got to pray for revelation above everything. Pray for revelation. All right. He says the importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. He says now I am I am not talking about the book of revelation which we read two scriptures out of there. Not not just the book of revelation. He says, he says, um, uh, uh, I'm not talking about this book of Revelation and, uh, and and, uh, and and you, I am talking about all revelation. It is tremendously important to the church. It says, do you remember Matthew 16 where Jesus asked the disciples this question? Who do men say that I, the son of man, am? He's quoting scripture. Matthew 16. and and and and they said, "Some say hallelujah, that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others Jeremiah or one of the prophets." He said unto them, "Oh my my my I love this. I love this. I love this." You know, cuz you know, it's one thing to hear what everybody else is saying. But but but when when when God is working with you oneon-one, he not really interested in what everybody else got to say. The question turns. It moves from a group question. It becomes an individual question and you have to give a individual answer. And the only way you can give an individual answer is something has to be personally revealed to you. Look, look at what happens here in the scripture as we just quoting it. Amen. He says uh uh he says uh uh do do you remember Matthew 16 where Jesus asked disciples this question who the men say that I am I the son of man am and they said some say thou art John the Baptist some Elias others Jeremiah's or one of the prophets all kind of mixed up uh uh the theology he saith unto them but whom say ye individual that I am and I could just imagine them them 12 disciples just sitting there in a half hour of silence And Jesus didn't give them nothing else. Just gave them one question and they had the answer. And it happened to be Simon, my God, that came with the answer. And Simon Peter answered, and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood have not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven. Amen. And and and I'm happy about that cuz this just probably put a big smile on Jesus' face. He blessed are you, Simon Barjona. I was waiting for somebody to give me the answer and you gave the right answer, Simon. He said, and notice you didn't get this from Amen. from from going to Bible school. Amen. You got this from God. He sent it down to you. God brought the revelation down to to Simon or brought it down to Peter. And God is still bringing down revelation to his people today. [Applause] Oh my. While you sitting here, revelation's coming down. Oh, can't you feel the rain of revelation? Woo. Hallelujah. I I want you to be soaked when you leave here. Soaked with revelation. And when you get revelation, you know what it does? It gives you stimulation. Glory to God. Boy, revelation will make you run. Revelation to make you shout. Revelation to make you jump. Revelation will make you move. Come on, somebody. [Music] Glory. Glory. Glory, glory, glory. You got to know why you jumping and shouting. You got to know why you come to church. You got to know why you do these things. Brother, I ain't going through the motions. Amen. I come to hear from God. I come to Amen. to have heaven speak directly to me. Let revelation rain down. Some people go to church just to hear choir. Some go to church to hear a preacher grab his ear and start humming. No. No. We come for revelation. Because it's going to take revelation to defeat to defeat these devils. Glory to God. Hallelujah. When you everybody telling you you crazy. Why you going to that church? They off they rocker. No, no, no, no. You off your rocker. I know what I'm standing on. I had a personal question by Jesus. Who do you say that I am? And I answer, thou art the Christ through the ages. The same Christ that went to the cross is the same Christ that's gone through the ages. And he's here right now. Let me keep reading. Amen. He says, "Blessed are thou, Simon Barjon, for flesh and blood have not revealed this unto thee, but my father which is in heaven, I say unto thee that thou art Peter." Uh, glory to God. And upon this rock I'll build my church in the gates of hell. I love it. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Amen. It says the Roman Catholics say that the church is built upon Peter. Now that's really carnal. It says, "How could God build a church upon a man that is so unstable that he denied the Lord Jesus and cursed while doing it?" Um, now you think Peter felt good about denying the Lord Jesus, not only denying him, but cursing while doing it. You I'mma tell you how Peter felt. Peter felt so bad that he went back to fishing. Yeah. He went back to his old job and and and then you know Jesus Jesus knew how Peter was feeling. So he had to do things very specific when he said go tell my disciples. He specifically said and Peter I know he cursed but he's still my disciple now. Amen. Hallelujah. Now I I I want to say that because you got preachers in the pull pit today cursing and feel comfortable cursing. Something wrong with your spirit. A and folk inside churches like this. We need to run for our lives. I I I I asked somebody one time. I say, "Well, you know, I'm I'm working and this guy's a pastor and man, he's just cursing up a storm." And I asked a friend, I say, "Well, what did he get saved from?" If he say he's saved, what did he get saved from? Because when I got saved, my lifestyle changed. When I started following Jesus, my lifestyle changed. But these people think they can just do anything and still call on the name of the Lord. No, you can't do that. If you're going to be a Christian, be Christian. What we just read in the scripture that God hate lukewarm believers. Some of them are so cold you can't get nothing out out of them. Amen. He say don't don't don't say don't be lukewarm. He said and some of them said I mean they they don't know what they so cold. Say I rather you be hot on fire for God. But don't be lukewarm. Lukewarm believers they get spit out. Look at this now. the the uh the the the quote goes on and says uh the Roman Catholics say that the church is built upon Peter. Now, that's really carnal. How could God build the church upon a man so unstable that he denied the Lord Jesus and cursed while doing it? God can't build his church upon any man born in sin. Amen. He says, "And it wasn't some rock lying there as though God had hallowed the ground at that spot. And it isn't as the Protestants say that the church is built upon Jesus. As the Protestants say, the church is built upon Jesus. No, it was the revelation. The church was not built upon Amen. a spe a specific rock. Amen. The church was not built upon Peter. Hallelujah. Amen. And even brother Mannus tells that the purpose the church was not built upon Jesus, but the church was built upon the revelation. Amen. Read it the way it's written. Flesh and blood hath not revealed it, but my father hath revealed it. And upon this rock, what rock? The rock of revelation, I will build my church. So the church is built on the revelation on the thus saith the Lord. We're the church is built on the revelation of who Christ is. That's right. Let me also say it's not who Christ was but who Christ is. And we need to know that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The church is built upon the revelation of who Christ is. All right. All right. All right. Let me go a little further here. Amen. We're talking about the unveiling. Amen. on the seventh day here in a message I've heard but now I see um it says now we're promised a church age through reformers and uh and this church age that we're talking about is what we just read here in Revelation chapter 3:14 uh there is a church age a leodyian church age that that will be uh in existence and notice some of the conditions of that age you know they were uh blind, wretched, miserable, naked, and the sad part, they didn't know it. The other thing about this church age is that this would be the only age that Jesus Christ himself will be found outside of the church, knocking on the door of the church, trying to get back in. The very church that he died for, he's been kicked out. Y'all know it's the truth. I mean, yeah. I mean, you know, uh I I've been in I've been in services and you know, at some of these churches and they they go and they have this and they just worshiping and praising God and glory to God and and and you know and and and they have an altar call and people come running up to the altar and they got people that just standing there praying with them, praying for them and everything. And I mean the service usually lasts about an hour, right? Something like that. Y'all know what I'm talking about, right? It last about an hour. And and some of us got comfortable with that. We we want that one hour church. Man, it's better. I mean, back in my day, it three hours don't take that much. It took that and more to get them devils out of you. Right. But but but but they they they want that one-hour service. And then, you know, right after the service was over, I mean, after salvation, this really unique, I mean, very special moment. After the salvation of a person, they go right from there to the next room. They leave the sanctuary, go to the next room, and they got cool in the game playing. Now, how do we get from this atmosphere to this atmosphere? What is this? Do we think heaven going to be You think heaven going to have cool in the gang plan? Huh? It ain't going to be there. And and and so so we got to we got to get back to, you know, to to to the gospel. Let's put it that way. Because this nonsense that's happening in church, Jesus ain't got nothing to do with it. He on the outside knocking, trying to get back in. Watch this now. He tells us, I've heard, but now I see he says, "And we're promised the church age through reformers. We've had them, but he promised in Malachi 4, he keep his pattern in the last days." What and what would take place? To turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the apostolic father. So that's Malachi 4. You'll find it there in the scripture. To turn the hearts of the children uh back to the faith of the apostolic father for that very purpose and the church is so broke up in denominations and isms so it's so tore to pieces till it's dead. It's been a carrier. And then he promised in the hour the seventh angel's message. Amen. The seven seals would be revealed and the mystery of God would be will be will be declared. Revelation 10. When the seventh angel begins to sound his message. I love this. Not the healing services. The message that follows the healing service. So when God sent brother Brandon to the earth, he gave him a very unique ministry. He'd go from city to city praying for people. God would reveal things that only God could reveal to him to say say to people, you got this condition, you got that condition. You just went to the doctor the other day. I see him reading the report. The report say this and and if you just believe God, that condition is done. All all that you listen to the tape over and over again and and you your your name is so and so. I Lord, don't let them miss it. Lord don't and when he praying Lord don't let them miss it he's saying give them something personal that they would catch what I'm tell what I'm talking about he's talking about a condition but everybody in there have a condition but when he calls your name you know God is is connecting with your faith when he calls your name your name is sister so and so your name is brother so and so and you got this condition you come from this city you're not even from this place you come from where there's water is. Oh, you live in Michigan. He just calling out all kind of only God would know those types of things. Amen. One time I think uh went to a city and told a lady and they were sitting there trying to see if he was going to be right or wrong and said, "So this lady uh lady come through the prayer line." He say, "Oh sister, say you got this, you got that and your address is such and such." And when he told the address, the people in the back with that with that doubt, they said, "Oh, he just got one wrong. He just got one wrong. We know that lady. We know where she lives. She's our neighbor. That lady does not live there. He just got one wrong." So they found a lady after church and said, "Now you you sat there right there and told him, "Yes, that that's your address. We know you don't live there. You live at this address." They said, "Oh, I forgot to tell you. I moved yesterday." [Applause] See, only God will know she moved yesterday. And that's not my address. I live exactly where the man said I lived. Hallelujah. But you know that the message, the message followed the healing services. That that was just to get your attention to let you know a supernatural God was on the scene. And once he got your attention, now he wanted to express his word. He wanted to unveil some things to you. All right, let's let's let's let's let's just look at this. Amen. Uh I'm in the breach between the church ages and the seven seals. This sermon that's preached. He says uh and and he's talking about the book of Revelation. He's talking about the book of Revelation when he's quoting this. He says now and and and when he says, "But it's a book, a mysterious book." Now, look, uh there's not many churches you can go to that they're going to pick up a scripture out of the book of Revelation, read it, teach it, and uh and just just just bring it make it current tense. All right? A lot of churches, you you're not going to get that. It's going to just go it. It's I I remember being in churches say the the the pastor, he said he said, "I we we we did a daily devotional, but when we got to the book of Revelation, I just told my daddy, you gonna have to take that one cuz I can't do nothing with it." But you're the pastor. You're the pastor. We need to know. I mean, you know, you don't went to school and you I mean, can you believe that I got a degree, went to school, and I can't I can't touch revelation. It shows you that it takes more than a degree to get this understanding. Oh my. It takes God giving you individual revelation. Oh my my my my my. Watch this. Now, let's let's look. He says, "Now, but it's a book, a mysterious book. It's a book of redemption." Uh we'll get into that in a little while. And now we know that this book of redemption will not be thoroughly understood. It's probed at through six church ages. It's probed at it says but at the end what I'm saying is on the seventh day there's an unveiling. So at the end oh my even Daniel was told to seal it up till the time of the end. John was told right here, "Seal it up until the time of the end." It wasn't time for them to see what God had in store. But on the seventh day, in the seventh church age, God revealed something to his people. And let me let me just let me make it very clear. The revelation is only for the bride. Hallelujah. Amen. Lord have mercy. The revelation is only for the bride. Not for the church, but for the bride. Amen. And and now you got to understand, I mean, to be bride, to be chosen, to be elected, to be selected, to be Amen. the one. Amen. It's it's a special a special position that God has placed you in. When a man choose a wife, that that lady has a special position. Out of all the other ladies that he could have chose, he decided on this one. Glory, glory, glory, glory. out of all the other churches he could have chose, he decided on this one. And that one, he revealed secrets to her that nobody else would know about. Amen. It happened on the seventh day or in the seventh church age, if I could put it that way. All right. Look now, it says um this book of redemption will not be thoroughly understood. is probed at through six church ages. But at the end when the seventh angel begins to sound his mystery, he winds up all the loose ends and and that these fellas probed at. Amen. And I like this. Watch this. And the mysteries come down from God as the word of God. Now, let me let me just just kind of connect the dots on that really really quick uh for you. We read Revelation 10 verse 1 and it said this. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. Now this angel, brother Brandham tells us this angel is none other than the Lord Jesus Christ himself. Now, now, now when we got to verse seven in that same thing, he says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he have declared to his servants the prophets." Now, there's a couple things we just we need to see. I just read the mysteries come down from God. Now, how do they come? How do the mysteries come? The mysteries come as the word of God and reveals the entire revelation of God. So, so, so these mysteries that are supposed to come down, amen, from God, they come as the word of God. The mysteries that come down from God come as the word of God. Oh, I'm going to say it again because it it it it really really feels good to me. The mysteries in the seventh day come down from God. The mysteries are the word of God. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um God God not trying to keep this mysterious to you. He actually wants you to know about it. Amen. Let let's let's just look at something here. Um let me finish this. The mysteries come down from God as the word of God and reveals the entire revelation of God. Then the Godhead and everything else is settled. Let me just stop there for a second. When the mysteries come down from God as the word of God, it begins to help us to understand who God is. Now he say the godhead is settled. Why does the godhead need to be settled? Why? Because I grew up in church where when they baptized me, they they said they going to baptize me the way Jesus said to be baptized. Right. Right. And according to Jesus, Jesus said, "Baptize in the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit." But on the day of Pentecost, Peter being there listening to the words of Jesus, 10 days after Jesus said that, on the day of Pentecost, Peter says, "Repent, be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. Now we got these two different baptisms that's happening in the church and everybody reading out of the same Bible. So why we need to get this settled? Because somebody going to leave be going off in the wrong direction. And everybody that you saw got baptized after day of Pentecost in the book of Acts. Every got everybody got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. How did Peter get this wrong? or did he have it right? Well, I'm going to venture out to say that Peter had it right. And remember, Peter was the one that Jesus said, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood have not revealed these things to you, but my father in heaven hath revealed." Peter caught the understanding that the name of the son was Jesus. And if the name of the son is Jesus, then the name of the father is also Jesus and the name of the spirit is also Jesus. He says, "So, so baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit is the same person, not three different people." The Lord our God is one. [Music] Not three, but one. Oh my. So, we had to get that settled. Yes, sir. And the revelation had to come down from God as the word of God to settle the people. Yes. Here's another one. Look at the rest of this quote. It says, "The Godhead and everything else is settled. All of the mysteries." Look at this one. He says, "Serpent seed and whatever more to be revealed." Just throws it in there. And and most of us just Yeah, we know what exactly we're talking about. Some people don't have no idea what he just mentioned. Why did he throw in serpent seed? We we need the mystery to come down from God as the word of God. And when when you catch it in the word of God, then you know you are. Why would he say serpent seed? Because this was a real great mystery that we needed settled in this day. Yes, sir. I went to church. They opened up Genesis and they told me that uh Eve ate a apple. Now I I I might not be the only one here that that that felt this way. When they told me that, that just didn't seem to register. It didn't click. And like she did what? Ate an apple. All right. Okay. That's what y'all say. But inside I'm like, man, this just don't really this not coming together. Then I heard a prophet come along and say, if Eve ate an apple and got pregnant, why is that not happening today? And the other thing he said, if Eve ate an apple and she recognized she was naked, He say they ought to eat apples today. What apple did Eve eat that did all that? She ate an apple and got pregnant, had children after eating an apple. What apple is this? Where is that apple? Is it extinct? Somebody show me the apple. It's not there. So, a prophet tells us what really happened in the Garden of Eden is Eve had a conversation with the serpent and then he also told us what the serpent was like because you know we can read in the scripture. I'm just I'm just quoting these things. You can go back and read them but Genesis 3 is where I am. But in the scripture we see the serpent is actually after the fall the serpent got cast down on his belly. Well, what happened before? What did the serpent look like before it was cast down on his belly? A prophet. Let let me let me just stop. Hold on. Just give me let me let me just take my time. To understand the book of Genesis, you have to understand it through the eyes of a prophet. What prophet? The prophet Moses wrote the book of Genesis. And I don't I need you to understand Moses was not there. That's right. How did Moses write Genesis and he was known? He he was not there. Wrote the first five books of the Bible. How would he tell us what happened with Adam and Eve and he was not born yet? It's because God would reveal to a prophet. See, see, see, see, here's the thing. And the scriptures say Amos 3:7, "Shoot the Lord God will do nothing until he reveal his secrets to his servants, the prophets." So here Moses being a prophet catches uh uh through vision everything that happened and then put it in in in in paper on paper for us to be able to read. Now, now Moses wrote what happened, but he didn't give us the other details. How did this serpent get on his belly? What did it look like before that? Well, a prophet told us he stood on two feet like a man. He went on went on to say he could talk like a man. He could do everything like a man. He just didn't have a soul on the inside of him. He can reason like a man. And Satan knew that being was in the garden. That animal was in the garden. Satan knew it. And Satan knew everything that he could do because this serpent began to have conversation with Eve talking about this tree. that you're not supposed to eat from. Cuz you know this tree in the midst of the garden, the one that's in the midst of the garden, if we start touching that one, some fruit might come forth. Hallelujah, somebody. We're going to talk about Samson a little bit. See, he got messing around with this this this tree in the midst of a garden. All right. His mom and dad said, "Now, why you want that woman there? There's we got sisters right here in the church that you can have. Why you want her, Samson?" He start messing around with this fruit in the midst of the garden. I hope you can read between the lines cuz cuz there's a there's some there's a there's a tree with that can bear some fruit in the midst of a woman's garden and she'll start having children. Hello, somebody. Glory to God. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so here, you know, uh, um, uh, brother Brandham tells us, they say say, "Look now, uh, so, so this this this animal stood on two feet just like a other animal, but this one had two feet, could act like a man, talk like a man, uh, walk like a man, everything like a man, but just didn't have a soul on the inside." That's right. That's right. Right? And when this animal start having conversation with Eve about, oh, you can eat of that fruit and you can do this and you can do that. And you know, the day you eat thereof, you're going you're going to learn you're going to be like God. Didn't even realize she was already like God. But took a false revelation, a false understanding. Amen. And as as a serpent started working this thing with her, you know, next thing he got her while she was away from Adam, he got her to fall in the garden. What happened? She committed adultery. That's how she had kids. How children born today? People eat fruit. They go to Publix and buy apples. No. You don't go to Wendix and get no apples or Aldi's and get apples. No. No. No. Somebody start messing around with the fruit in the midst of the garden. And let me just be honest with you. If we can't get out of Genesis, right? I'm talking about the church as a whole. If we can't get out of Genesis 3, right, how we going to get the rest of the Bible right? Amen. So, these are things that needed to be settled. Yes, sir. There's so many others. I mean, I let me uh let me let me let me just I want to just I I got something I want to mention here. Um I'm going to go to Oh, Lord, I'm jumping all around now. Um is this a sign of the end, sir? I think I Yeah, I'll go there. The um when we talk about these mysteries, there's so many other mysteries that need to be settled. God. When the mysteries come down as the word of God, mysteries come down as the word of God. And when they come down, remember the Lord God does nothing unless he reveal his secrets to servants and prophets. And and and and I want to just just as I get is this a sign of the end uh ser want to set it up. When when I'm looking at this sermon today, I'm looking I read you out of the book of Judges. And if you would go back and read the book of Judges sometime, you'll realize Israel as a nation was just, man, they was messed up. They they was just they was just messed up. Um they um uh they would go into bondage, they pray, God would send them a deliverer, they get out of bondage, and before you know it, right back into bondage again. That cycle got to be broken. If you find yourself in a condition like that, man, I'm free for a certain period of time, then all of a sudden, I'm right back down again, and then I'm up again. God don't want you to have yo-yo religion. No, God wants you to be stabilized in your walk. I mean, you you you carrying something precious. You carrying re you carrying revelation, amen, in your heart. This is this something God don't give to everybody, but he gave it to you. Don't play games with this. I mean, live right, right? But but but when you look at you look at the condition of Israel during that time, they just they up, they down, they up, they down, they up, they down, and it was so bad that the Bible said that the that the the uh they did what was what was right in their own eyes. Now, now when when a person get to doing what's right in their own eyes, that mean they not following the word of God anymore. Amen. They ain't they ain't following the word of a king. They ain't following the word of God. They ain't following the word of a prophet. They ain't following the word of nobody. They doing what is right in their own eyes. And if that ain't the repeat of what we got today. Amen. I'mma just be me and I'mma just do me and I and I'mma just this the way I see it. I I know that's the way you see, but I'mma just be me. You don't realize you right back in the book of Judges all all over again. God gave us something to instruct and guide our lives. This Bible is what does that. Hallelujah. Amen. So here in the church ages, we got the same problem. Right. Right. Through the church ages, you get they get free, they go back into bondage. Get free, go back into bond. Every time they go back into bondage is when they go into denominational thinking again. That's bondage. God don't want you in that that that system. All right. Some of the other mysteries that that we had and I uh let me just read here out of um sign of the end ser says, "Now listen close. The seventh angel of Revelation 10:7, that's what we just read, is the seventh church age messenger, Revelation 3:14, right? To the angel of the church of Leadyia. He says, "Now watch, in the days, now watch here, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound." Now, there's an unveiling in the seventh day is what I'm trying to get you to see. It's an unveiling. Uh uh uh revelations come forth in the seventh day. That's when it opens up. It's in the seventh church age that these things happen. He says, "Now watch, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should shall be finished." And the mysteries is the word of God coming down, coming down to us. Says, "Now sounding forth this messenger, the seventh angel here is sounding forth his message to the leadyan church." Notice his type of message. Now, it wasn't to the first angel. It it wasn't it wasn't given that second angel, third, fourth, fifth, sixth. So that the all other six ages this particular ministry was not given to them. But this ministry in order to uh sound off all the mysteries uh help us understand these mysteries was given to the seventh church age messenger. So the unveiling happens in the seventh not first not the second and now now the seventh will be saying things that the first said because the church started out right in the days of Paul he wrote twothirds of the New Testament. And so we know the church was right. But what happened over the years? The church got off the word till they got so far off to this day Jesus is not even inside the church. That's how bad the church is. And and here's the sad part about it. They don't know it. They don't know it. They actually think they praising God. I I feel the presence of God. Yeah. Uhhuh. But a after all that on the floor crying uh sobbing and I mean h I mean everybody hands lift up all and then leave church and start cursing and don't feel no conviction drinking smoking. Come on now. I mean uh uh uh uh fornicating adultery all this going on right in the church. Don't tell me I know it is. I mean supposedly having a revival service. Revival for what? Revival for fornicators. and adulterers because they get together and have a have a a service and then after the service they go into hotel rooms and doing all kind of stuff. Don't tell me it ain't happening. I know it is. And and people not don't have no conviction at all about it. And brother Smiley brought out the the that that fell. I didn't know what brother Smiley was talking about till I saw the video. a a a preacher with a blouse on preaching to the people. I I mean, I don't know if I think people should have just got up and walked out. You come out here like dressed like that and got something to say to us. What you saying? Another thing that's going on in the church world is, oh, Lord have mercy. The homosexuals done took over and ain't repented of nothing. True. And feel like they can still live a homosexual lifestyle and still preach. You ain't saved. You ain't get saved. No, you ain't saved doing doing all that. No, you're not. You religious. You're religious. Right. But but but the churches in this condition don't even and they got millions of people following them because these millions of people don't want the word. They want to live these ungodly lives and feel satisfied in it. Amen. Amen. We going to keep crying out against it. We got to go back to the word. But here, here, here, here. And and and if you find yourself in a situation like that run for your life, get up out of there. Don't let don't don't let nobody like that come laying hands on you and praying for you. The Lord is telling me, I need I need to pray for you. No, you don't. Yeah. Y'all was here that Wednesday night. that brother that brother um was was uh telling us the testimony how that sister uh she was at a church and man say I just feel I feel you got something to say she said no no I ain't got nothing to say no I ain't got nothing to say I just feel it in my spirit kept going through services I came back to I feel you got something to say no I ain't got nothing to say she sat there like Lord if he come back over here again I'mma tell him something now he go on doing the service Listen, I just feel I feel I feel I feel you got something to say. Gave that lady the mic. I rebuke that homosexual spirit off of you in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Church, we need we need folk that'll do it just like that. Let me try to finish. Let me Amen. Amen. You run for your life. Don't be running all inside these places. You get spirits on you and don't even know how you got them on you. That's right. Amen. Amen. All right. Let me let me let me keep reading. Says, um, the seventh angel, Revelation 10:7, the se seventh church age messenger. See, now watch in the days now watch here. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. That's what's promised in in Revelation 10. It says, now sounding forth this messenger, the seventh angel here is sounding forth the message. this message to the Leodysian church sounded forth to us. Notice this type of message. Now, it wasn't to the first angel wasn't given that second angel, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, but it's the seventh angel that had this type of message. What was it? Notice this type of message. Finishing all the mysteries that's laying loose. End it all out through these organizations and denominations. That's laying loose. End it all out through these organizations, denominations. the seventh angel gathers them up and finish the entire mystery. That's what the Bible says. Finishes the mystery of the written book. Now, I'm skipping down uh because it gives us uh Scoffield's notes and I'm skipping down to a paragraph. I think I listed the one that I'm skipping to. So, just go there. Uh I want to just share with you some of the other mis the other mysteries. Uh I think it was paragraph 256. I think I put there. Um but the some of the other mysteries we we talked about serpent seed being a mystery. We talked about water baptism being a mystery. These are some of the other mysteries that God had to send down. The mysteries had to come down from God. And when it comes down from God, it has to go to a prophet because the Bible says, "Surely I will do nothing unless I reveal my secrets to my servants, the prophets." So it has to go from God down to a prophet and then is given to us. And then then Deuteronomy say the secret things belong unto the Lord our God. But once they are revealed, they belong to us. So we fellowshipping in here around the secret things. All right. Here he says uh that's some of the mysteries that this angel is supposed to wind up all the mysteries of God. And the other other one may I say this with reverence not to not referring to myself but referring to the angel of God the serpent seed. That's a mystery that's been that's been hidden. Amen. Uh uh that's been a hidden mystery all throughout through the years. the grace straighten out. Not disgrace, but real true grace. Another mystery. There is no such thing as an eternal burning hell. You cannot reject Jesus and then go live in hell eternally. There's only one form of eternal life and that's through accepting Christ. So at some point in time, hell will disintegrate. All right? There's no no such thing as an eternal hell. People don't got confused in the church. Yes, sir. Right. So, so here here's another one. He says uh he says you'll burn for millions of years, but anything that was eternal had never beginning or end. Hell was created. All these mysteries say the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation. Oh, that's another one. Because in church, they told us we had to do a lot of stuff in order to get the Holy Ghost. And one of them that you had to speak in tongues, beat you on the back to you just and just say it. Just say it just real fast. Say Jesus. Say Jesus. Say Jesus. Say Jesus. Say Jesus. Now say it faster. Jesus. Jesus. Say it faster. Faster. Faster. Jesus. God ain't never put that in the Bible to tell people just to say Jesus. Say Jesus. Say Jesus. That's not that's not nowhere in the scripture. We had to get those things straight. Now people can receive the Holy Ghost without sensation. How do we know that? Because John the Baptist mama received the Holy Ghost without sensation. Exactly. Even John. That's right. Yes, sir. John got the Holy Ghost while he was in his mama's womb. Now, who told him to say Jesus? Now, here's another thing. Jesus wasn't even born while John was in the womb. So, who told John to say Jesus? the but the Bible say he had the Holy Ghost. See, we had these things, but they were unscriptural. We got to go back to the word. Now, don't don't don't don't don't don't get me wrong. I think anything that that don't have emotion ought to be buried, right? But we not we're not basing it on that. It's not an emotion. It's not any feel. It's not a feeling. It's not any of that. It's I mean, it's it's how your life ties up with the word after you claim that experience. All right, let me keep reading. These are some mysteries that have and these mysteries are settled on the seventh day or in the seventh church age. The unveiling happens in the seventh day. All right, let me move on. Oh, glory. All right. The mystery of baptism of the holy ghost without sensation, but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did. The mystery of water baptism where the extreme trinitarianism has brought it into titles of father, son, and the holy ghost. and the mystery of the godhead being fulfilled in the name in the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ according to the book of revelation that the church in this time was to receive that's some of the mysteries the pillar of fire returning back amen that's the thing that's supposed to take place and we see it these are things that God promised to happen to to happen and they have already occurred we're fellowshipping around these things I just want to show you I suppose it happened in the seventh day we go back to the book of uh Judges And we look at uh just something here and I'll wind this up. Um Judges 14 is what we read from. And I read verse 17 uh which said to us, "And she wept before him the seven days while their feet while while their feast lasted. And it came to pass on the seventh day that he told her because she because she lay sore upon him and she told the riddle to the children of her people. Now just to kind of give us a little u background of what happened here in this story. Uh Samson here being a Israelite was um he probably had no idea what his purpose was and what God wanted to use him for. And um uh God had purpose for everything he was doing through Samson. Everything he was doing through Samson. And Samson found himself in a situation where he he fell in love with a with a Philist a Philistine woman. Now understand these women or this nation is their enemies. These people are their enemies. Why would he fall in love with one of the enemies? Who do you think she's going to be loyal to? Hello, somebody. I mean, young men, young women, be careful who you get yourself involved with. You want somebody that's already loyal to God. I'm going to go a little further. Loyal to the message. Not just calling themselves a Christian, right? Amen. You want to know, well, what kind of Christian? Because you know there's two kind of Christians, right? You ain't know that, right? It's a Christian of the spirit and a Christian of the flesh. So, which kind of Christian are you? Hello, somebody. You want to know what really is going on uh uh uh with this person life. So, so Samson said, you know, mom and daddy, come on and have a conversation with I'm there's this lady down there in Timna. I I would I would love I'd love for her to be my wife. I saw her one day and I just can't get her off my mind and I just I just want to go down to Timna and and his parents and I and I like this. We'll pick it up here in verse um um uh three. He says um and his father then his father and mother said unto him, "Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines?" Now, the first thing I want to say, I love this. This then his father and his mother. The reason I like that is because it showed that there was agreement in the house. And and you need both the father and the mother standing together in order to be able to give direction to this child. If but if if mama just kind of on the side letting the child slide by, that's going to be some problems. If daddy on the other side kind of letting the child do it's going to be some problem. You need daddy and mama on the same page. And and I'm glad that both of them could stand there right there and say, Samson, you know, we got we got we got we got we got young people right in our church. And if they ain't in our church, they at some of the churches we fellowship with. But why you want to go out here? Why do you want to pull this boy in from your job? or this girl you met in college. Why you want to pull them in? Let them just come on their own. Give them the address to the church and let them come on their own. Amen. Not I'll pick you up. Yeah. No. You got to watch the devil and everything you do. Y'all y'all don't know how the devil operate. some of and and and I and I'm afraid I'm afraid something drastic gonna happen to people before they realize how what the devil set them up to do. Don't don't do things don't do uh the the Bible say don't let your good be evil spoken of. Amen. Sometimes I see things happen say wait a minute the Holy Ghost didn't tell you not to do that. The Holy Ghost should have said no no no no no that don't look right. That don't look right. That don't look right. That No, I I I I'm a young man. Don't Don't go pick up no young lady. Talk about I'm bringing you to church. If you do it one time, that should be your last time. And you ought and and from that time, you ought to be introducing her to another sister to get her to church. Amen. Amen. Young sister, same thing. Well, he want to come to church. So, you know, and we want people to come to church. Don't don't play games with me. That's right. I know how the devil operates. That's right. No, you ain't bringing him to church. And And actually, let me ask you, let me just ask you a question. I I got I got one question. One one question. He know anything about Uber? If he really want to go to church that bad, do he know anything about Cuz if we can't get nobody to bring him to bring him to church, we will pay for his Uber. Now, the other thing I'm going to tell you, young lady, if I got to pay for his Uber, that ought to be a red flag right there. If I'm paying for his Uber, red flag. He ain't the one. He can be a brother in the church, but he ain't the one. If I'm paying for his Uber, Let me keep reading these scriptures. But mom and daddy got to be on the same page when you're working with kids in this area. Don't Don't Don't Don't let your good be evil spoken of. I uh don't let your good be evil spoken of. Do not Don't do that. Parents, I need y'all to watch watch everything that happens. Don't let your good be evil spoken of. I I I have to I have to guard my young ministers. Amen. And sometime they they might not even realize what what what people might see in things. But I got to have conversation. Don't let your good be evil spoken of. Don't don't don't let your guards down too much with these young young sisters and young brothers. The devil is trying to set somebody up. Yeah. And oh, they know ain't nothing going on. You you keep playing with that devil. Watch what that devil do. And And then you got I I'm I'm trying to stop you from coming to church with your head down. Amen. I seen people get caught in situations and now your head down. You don't know how you got here. I'm trying to stop that. I can I can see this devil setting us up for something. Yes, sir. So So brothers and sisters, let me let me forewarn you. Don't be riding around in your cars with other young people spending just you and them. Amen. Amen. No. No. I'm not going to ride around with just a bunch of sisters in my car. No. A and when I get in, if if it's if it's brother and sister, the brother sitting in the front seat with me, not the sister. Amen. Amen. Sister, you're in the back. This brother right here. Brother, you sit right up here, right next to me. Amen. True. Praise the Lord. I'm being honest. Brother, you going to sit right in there and and then if it what he the brother can't come, I can't come get him. I can't come get them. I got to protect myself. I tell you what I'll do. I'll pay for Uber for them. Amen. I am I'm Look here. I know the devil. I done seen him operate for years. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. And and and and by the grace of God, we've been able to keep a lot of foolishness out of this church. Up to this point, we've been able to keep out a lot of foolishness. Not a lot of this. You know, y'all know what happened in churches. We've been able to stay steer clear of all of that because we have to have boundaries. Protect yourself, [Music] brother. And and I mean, it's and even pastor, I need to talk to you, pastor. uh this happened. You think I You think I get joy out of taking a conversation like that? That thing hurt to the core. Amen. That's why I I don't want that. I I I mean, please steer clear of anything that the devil could use. Anything. No, no, no, no, no. I I I don't think it's it's not wise. Now, and you know, you know, if if I'm babysitting, it's let me see if it's I got like sister Aaliyah, y'all. Y'all and even y'all wouldn't expect anything. But still in that, you got to be careful, right? You still got to be careful. Now, things happen nowadays, y'all. This world is evil. It's wicked. Oh, Lord. I I can't preach anymore, Lord. brother, when you when you with that sister, you know that if that sister just say one thing, you know, uh such and such happened to me while while I was with so and so and now you have to defend. You got to defend your character over one lie. Joseph had to defend his character. He end up going to prison over one lie. That That's why you cannot allow yourself. Don't Don't let your guards down so low. Oh, this just they're just little sister so and so. Little sister so and so got feelings. Little sister so and so got emotions. That's right. And little sister so and so, you play too much with her in that area. You're being provoked something. And and the Bible say, "Don't stir up love before it's time." Don't do that. Take a stand somewhere. No. If if if if if I if I ain't got a brother in this car with me. No. Amen. No. That's right. Amen. I don't do it. You don't call me to come do it. I mean, because it it just don't it you if y'all see me riding around co round around town like that, y'all look at me like, "Oh, so the pastor playboy, huh? I mean, I got I I got I got I got a lady don't even go to church, but when she hear that I'm going somewhere, first thing she asked me say, "Is your wife going with you? you know, is your wife going with you? And I say, um, I say, um, not on this trip, but I am going with some other brothers. I ain't out there running by myself. Oh, y'all don't Okay, Lord have mercy. Jesus, I'm running out there by myself. The devil can also get me while I'm like that. Amen. So, I try to have myself a sidekick. somebody can roll with. Right. Amen. I I think it's it, you know, when even in the Bible, they went out by twos. I just want to roll, man. Just let's just roll. I know y'all using the word a different way than I'm using it, but just somebody's going to roll with me. And then we we keep each other honest. You're sitting in the car together and riding and and you know you know how the devil going to do it. Oh Lord Jesus. I was This is my The devil devil the devil the devil ain't the devil that devil was a mess just recently. I mean you know I'm going to the grocery store. I'm just going grocery store and this lady come walking up and man just the way she was dressed. I said oh lord I just kept my eye up and you know just you know I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going another way. I'm going a different way. I actually I actually actually kept my eye up. I ain't looked down and I just and then I went straight to the bathroom. And I said, I said, "Well, I got to go get the stuff that I need." I said, "Maybe she's somewhere else in the store." Guess what aisle the devil put on. If And if I told you how she was dressed, if I told you how this lady was dressed and and and and she on the aisle, the only aisle that I'm on, she on right in the section where I need to be. dress a certain way. I I know they say nothing but the devil. Look, I'm the pastor of the church. And I know the devil will try me in and so I got to put guard rails for myself. Amen. I'm trying to keep a a righteous testimony. I I don't want the devil to just get in here and do No, no, no. Don't don't play games in these areas. Don't do it. This is um this man Samson. I'm Let me get I'm I'm I'm Please Lord. This man Samson. He shouldn't even went down there to get this woman to be his wife. His parents are trying to tell him say, "Please don't go down there. There's other women here. You know, you ain't got to go down there and get no wife. Get get one of the women right here." But they didn't realize God actually was using the situation in order to bring judgment on the Philistines. Oh my. So Samson um let's let's pick it up here in verse uh five. Then went Samson down and his father and his mother to Timnath and come to the vineyards of Timnath. And behold, a young lion roared against him. And he going to get his wife um and his lion ro stands up and roars against Samson. Now when that lion roaring, that lion mean business. Okay? and and they actually said that uh when a lion roars, just the roar alone will bring death. The roar alone, but this is a young lion that stood up against Samson. Now, uh I I don't have time to read it, but you know what a prophet said, cuz you know, in our minds, we got Samson as uh you know, Mr. Atlas. Uh you know, yeah, like this boy, he he got to walk. Well, that that that that's what Samson look like. But a prophet tells us he makes a statement. Okay, I I'll read it for you. She say, let's read it. So, uh I'll read it. Uh where No, not not that one. I want to go to Paradox. Paradox. They say just read it. So, I'll I'll read that. I want you to see what Samson was uh through the eyes of a prophet. Amen. Amen. All right. Quickly, uh paradox. It says um it was a paradox. It might be on the back of the page there. It was a paradox when little curlyheaded boy, little stoopshouldered fellow, he probably wasn't five foot tall. You you over five feet, right? Both of y'all fellas over five feet. I don't think Xander over 5T but Samson Samson Samson wasn't even five feet tall shrimp is what they call him right but Samson the reason that he could do some of the things he did it wasn't Samson doing it but it was the spirit of God coming on Samson that allowed him to do this. Can you imagine this fella under five feet, picking up gates and throwing them on his shoulders? Every time they try to put him in bondage, he throw the thing on his shoulders, he out of there. They send a thousand men, a thousand men coming after a man that's under five feet tall. This is This is This is really amazing. This man is under five feet. It's going to take a thousand of y'all to get him. That's what happened when God is inside of you. And here, here, here, you know, a thousand men come and and and and Samson say, "Now, as long as y'all promise me y'all going to deliver me to these Philistines." Yeah. They coming to get you, Samson. They're going to kill us if if we don't deliver you. All right. Just long as y'all don't y'all don't lay hands on me, I'll go with them Philistines. He get there going with them Philistines. And all of a sudden, the spirit of the Lord come upon Samson and he reached down and found the jawbone of a mule. picks it up under five feet. Y'all, I don't know if we get it. How is a man under five feet going to hit a man that's six feet or seven foot? How he gonna knock get him down with a jawbone? How is this going to you? You know, this ain't nothing but the supernatural God doing this. Ain't this man the jaw bone jawbone would break? One one hit the jawbone would break. I mean, it just it's too many things happening here that don't make no sense. And when it don't make no sense, it must be God. [Applause] But when we see Samson here in the scripture, he marries this lady and um the lion is coming has come upon him and and and let's read this in in in in in the scripture. It says um verse 5, then then went Samson down and his and his father and his mother to Timnath and came to the vineyards of Timnath. And behold, a young lion wrote against him, and the spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him. And he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand, but he told not his father or mother uh what he had done. So he towed the lion to pieces, rolled up against some Samson and ripped the lion apart. The only way he could do that is because the spirit of the Lord was on him to do it. Now watch this. And he went down and talked with the woman, and she pleased Samson well. And after time, he returned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcass of the lion. And behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of the lion. And he took thereof in his hands, and went on eating, and came to his father and mother, and it gave them, and they did eat. But he told not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion. And brother Brandham makes a statement, and again, I'm short of time, so I'll just quote this. He says it's when we overcome something that we get the sweetest, the sweetest victory. It's after we have overcome something. So you got to go through something in order to enjoy sweet victory. Hallelujah. He said that right here in West Palm Beach, but I ain't got time to read it for you. But uh but but but but here's Samson. Samson, you know, is giving people this honey after he's overcome, you know, this lion. Uh, and and I just I just like this. Um, I I just I like this. Oh my I was just looking at a few things here and and Samson is fighting a lion and he overcomes. He overcomes. He overcomes. We were reading there in Revelation 10 um and it said that uh he cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth and when he cried seven thunders uttered their voices. So here Samson is having this experience with this lion. Amen. And we're also having experience where the seven thunders are uttering as the voice of a lion. We're getting this too. Amen. And it happens on the seventh day. Look at this now. Um this verse says um verse nine I believe it is. It says, "And he took thereof in his hands and went out went on eating and came to his father and mother and he gave them and they did eat but he told them not that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion." So his father went down unto the woman and Samson made their feast for so used uh the young man. So so used the young men to do says and it came to pass when they saw him that they brought 30 companions to be with him. And Samson said unto them it I will now put forth a riddle unto you. If you can certainly declare it to me within the seven days of the feast and find it out, then I will give you 30 30 sheets and 30 change of garments. But if you cannot declare it me, then shall you give me 30 sheets and 30 change of garments. And they said unto him, Put forth thy riddle that we may hear it. And he said unto them, "Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the stone came forth sweetness." And they could not in three days expound the riddle. Now, why couldn't they do it in three days? Because it wasn't for them to do it in three days. It wasn't for them to get it on the first day, the second day, the third day, the fourth day, the fifth day, the sixth day. But the riddle or the mystery is unveiled on the seventh day. Now let's see how they got this. And it came to pass on the seventh day that they said unto Samson's wife, "Entic thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire. Have ye called us to ha have ye called us to take that we have uh is it is it not so?" So here they're they're um threatening her pretty much. And um so again, if she she don't have no real experience with God, she going to fall back into some of these areas. But when you got somebody that can stand to uh shoulder-to-shoulder with you, then you got somebody you got an eternal mate from glory. But but she's falling back into, you know, some of this. And she's married, but she her loyalty is not to Samson. Her loyalty is to her people. Oh my my my. There's a lot being said there because sometimes folks loyalty to their family members, to their friends, to their job, not to their mate. Amen. I'm my loyalty to the business, not to you. Right? You got to watch these things. Amen. But here, Samson, um, he has his wife, and again, he shouldn't have been down here with her in the first place, but God was using it. And and and if you get yourself tied up in something, God has no know God has a way of making a message out of your mess. God can make a message out of your mess. All right, let's go on. And it says, um, Samson's wife wept before him and said, "Thou dost but hate me, but she put on these tears heavy." She she had nothing to cry for. But my family getting ready to die if I don't under if you don't reveal to me this mystery. So Samson's wife wept before him and said, "Thou dost but hate me and lovest me not. Thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people, and has not told told it me." It says, "And he said unto her, Behold, I have not told it my father, nor my mother. And shall I tell it uh thee?" and she wept before him the seven days while uh their uh feast lasted. And it came to pass on the seventh day that he told her because she lay so upon him and she and uh and uh lay lay so upon him and she and she told the riddle to the children of her people. Now I need you to understand there was a comma put there, right? or I'm sorry, a colon. Um, when Samson unveiled this mystery on the seventh day, he simply wanted to unveil it to his wife. And and and here this unveiling of the word in this day is actually been given to the bride. I said on Wednesday night that you can't take this and give it to the denominations cuz they don't know how to handle this, right? But but this message was given to the bride. It was given to her on the seventh day she got the interpretation of what she needed. Problem is she did something wrong with it. Now, she don't realize by her giving this information to Samson, um I'm I'm sorry, giving this information to, you know, her people, uh by her being married to Samson, there could have been a time that maybe she would have been spared later on, but she just thought about death, death, death. But, you know, when Samson died, I believe she died, too, because there's a whole bunch of people died in in the under the Philistine kingdom died that day when Samson died. But she might have been preserved from that if she just held this mystery. Oh my. Now Samson uh as we see there in scripture, he he finally gave her the information on the seventh day. It only it did not come on day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, day six. It only came on the seventh day. And it was strictly for her. But I'm here to tell you that God also released revelation, brought it down from heaven through the voice of a prophet. And it's the mysteries is the word of God coming down to be given to us. And we have that and we're fellowshipping around these secrets. Thank God there has been an unveiling on the seventh day. God richly bless you, church. Amen. Amen. Let us have a word of prayer. Praise God. Father, we are grateful for um your word. We thank you, Lord, for truth. We thank you, oh God, that you could just show us, Lord, just from some of these Old Testament types, God, things that you're doing here, present tense. and uh throughout the ages as we read there earlier um uh it there's this there's a future work that you're doing through the seven church ages and if we can catch the Jesus that's doing the future work is the same Jesus that died on the cross Lord it would just be uh just an eyeopening experience for us so father I just pray that you would help us to um uh to receive Lord and and walk in what you have done uh in this hour. And Lord, let us be mindful of some of these things. We even see Lord with with Samson, thank God, the parents were on the same page. And even though you had a purpose, it showed that those parents were trying to guide him in the right direction. And Lord, we need parents that will do that today. Help us, Lord, to be mindful of of just every step that we're taking. The enemy is lurking. The enemy is busy. The enemy wants to use something, Lord, to to just destroy and break up this church. But we have to be watchful of everything that he does. I pray, Lord, that that parents would have the strength, Lord, to stand shoulder-to-shoulder even to guide their children through this next phase of life. Lord, help them, Father, to see, oh God, how important it is for their their little ones, their young ones to, Lord, to to stay and marry within and Lord, not not look for people outside. The Bible says we should not be unequally yolked. So Lord, help us, Father, to just be patient and to wait on you and to make a commitment, Lord, that we will follow your word. Bless your people. Thank you, Father, for your word. Thank you for this service that you've given us today. You are you're great and greatly to be praised. And we just appreciate all that you do. It's in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm going to have brother Solomon come. I I wanted to also I think the announcement was made for the musicians uh rehearsal and uh that is only for the musicians not not for the not for the singers. We we want to get the musicians together. Amen. For that one. So please singers don't come. Just keep continue to send uh that we are trying to make some arrangements that we can uh get some rehearsal times set here. Uh but uh but for this first one it'll just be the musicians only. All right. God bless you. Amen. and I'll turn the service back over to brother Solomon. God bless [Music] you. I'm lost from [Music] you. This is the air I breathe. [Music] This is the end [Music] I your very presence [Music] This is my daily [Music] pray. This is my daily pray. Your very word spoken. Spoken to me. And I [Music] and I before you, Lord, [Music] and I'm lost without you. Oh, and [Music] I I'm just for you. [Music] I'm lost without you. I'm lost without you. I'm lost without you. One more time. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost without you. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. [Music] Say, "Open the fl gates of [Applause] heaven, Lord. Let it rain." Oh, let it rain. Come on, say, "Open the flank gates." Open the floodgates of heaven. Lord, let it rain. Lord, let it rain. Come on, one more time. Say, open of [Music] heaven. Let it rain, Lord. Let it rain. [Music] Oh, we need the rain. We need the rain. We need the rain, Lord. We need the rain. Pour out the rain. Pour out the rain. Pour out the rain. Pour out the [Music] rain. Please send the rain. Please send the rain. Please send the rain. Please send the rain. Let it overflow. Let it overflow. Let it overflow. Overflow, Lord. Let it overflow. Overflow. For I'll be overflow. Oh, let it [Music] overflow. Say, open the floodgates of heaven. Lord, let it rain, Lord. Let it rain. [Music] Say, "Open the floodgates of [Applause] heaven, Lord. Let it rain. Lord, let it rain." Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads. Father, Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for revelation, Lord. It's what we need most, Father God, more than our daily food, Lord God. We need revelation, especially in this hour of deception, Lord Jesus. We're living now in Satan's Eden, Lord, when he has perfected his craft, Lord. Father, we heard a word of warning, Lord, to keep the boundaries, Lord. Lord, as the prophet would say, there was a song sung. They let down the bars. The sheep got out and and the goats got in. Father, we don't want to let down the B boundaries, Father. We want to keep the sheep, Lord. Lord, in a in a in a safe pasture, Lord Jesus. So, Father, we as parents, the young people, Lord, they must hold to the boundaries that their parents set, Lord, and we must watch over our children, our pastors watching over the flock, Lord Jesus. And Father, we want to protect one another, Lord. Father, not to allow Satan to set traps for us. Lord, when we see a brother or sister going down a path that he shouldn't go, Lord, we want to speak to them. Lord, call them to the side and give them a word of advice, a word of war of warning. Father Cain said, "Am I my brother's keeper?" Lord, we are our brothers and sisters keeper. Lord, we want to make sure that they're safe. Lord, we are going to the same place. We don't want our young people scarred. We don't want our middle age scarred. We don't want the elderly scarred, Lord Jesus. Father, we're here, Lord God. This is a a spiritual hospital where your people, Lord, can receive help. And Lord, I believe we receive the word this morning, Lord, that can help us each one. And Father, may we all take heed to your word, Lord. May we meditate on these things, Lord. When we leave this place, Lord, may we not talk about the other things, Lord, but meditate on the word of God. Father, we ask that you would bless our pastor. Lord, we thank you for the heart that you have given him. We thank you for leading him and guiding him. We thank you for opening the word to him that he would speak your word to us and you would give us the revelation of it. Father, thank you and we pray that you would bless him, restore his strength, bless him everything he puts his hand to not only he but this congregation, Lord Jesus, the people, Lord God, that are feeding on your word. As we read in the scripture early, Lord, you will withhold no good thing from those who are walking uprightly before you. So bless these people as we prepare to leave this place. May we walk uprightly in this evil age that we're living in. Father, keep your people. Protect them on every set side. Place a hedge about them. Lord, we know that Satan's trying to set traps, Lord, and he would do anything to take one sheep out of the fold. So bless your people. Go before us. make our way prosperous in you. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name, our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. God bless you brothers and sisters. You may have your seats and our brother will come and dismiss you at this time. God richly bless you each one. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
