################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - Jubilee Year II - Bro Jack Duff (03-23-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    Jubilee Year II - Bro Jack Duff (03-23-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYRcp_mToSA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] us. That's where I am strong. Seeking your face, touched by your grace. Oh, in the cliff of the rock. In your presence. Say in your presence. Oh God. Come on one more time. Say in your presence. Oh that's where I belong. In your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your presence [Music] I'm seeking your face. Touched by your grace. Touched by your grace. Seeking your face. Seeking your grace. We're touched by your grace. Touched by your grace. We're seeking your face. Seeking your face. Touched by your grace. Touched by your grace, brother Mark. In the cliff of the rock. In your [Applause] presence. In your presence. Oh God. Come on, let's praise him together. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads. Dear gracious heavenly father, we just count it such an honor and a privilege, Lord, just to be in your presence, Lord. We just thank you, Father, for uh just waking us up another day, Lord, to serve you with all our hearts, Lord. Father, we're not here just to be here, but Lord, we're here for a special reason, Lord, and it's to meet to meet with the living God. Oh Lord, may you just reveal yourself to us tonight, Lord, this morning, Lord. May you, Lord Jesus, just come down into our hearts, Lord, and just open your word to us, Lord Jesus. Father, we're here, Lord, gathered together as brothers and sisters, Lord. You said if two or three gather in your name, there you'll be in the midst, Lord. And we know you're here tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord, may you just reveal the secret things in our hearts, Lord. May you speak to our situation, speak to our needs, Lord. And most of all, Lord, may we have a testimony that our hearts burn within us, Lord Jesus. May each song that we sing, Lord, may we give you glory and honor, almighty God. May each song that we sing, Lord Jesus, may we mean it from our hearts, Lord Jesus. Father, may we just leave, Lord, this service to this morning, Lord, in this week, Lord. We need strength, Lord Jesus. We we need courage. We need faith, Lord Jesus. May you just increase all those things in us, Lord, that we may go and fight the battle of faith, Lord. Father, may you just touch Brother Jack this morning. has used him in such a special way. Lord, may you touch all the worshippers here with us, Lord, this morning. Father, we're all worshippers, Lord. And Lord, may your Holy Spirit just come down, Lord, and just pour down revelation upon each one of us, almighty God. And we'll be careful to give you all the honor, the glory, and the praise. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, saints. It's good to see you each one. Let's turn in our Bibles to Psalms 128. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Psalms 128 reads, "Blessed is everyone that fearth the Lord, that walketh in his ways, for thou shalt eat the labor of thine hands. Happy shalt thou be, and it shall be well with thee. Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the size of thine house. Thy children like olive plants round about thy table. Behold, that the that thus shall the man be blessed that fearth the Lord. The Lord shall bless thee out of Zion, and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the day days of thy life. Yay, thou shalt see thy children's children, and peace upon Israel. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. Anointing fall on me. As we welcome the Lord in a special way. Anointing fall on me. Anointing. Let it fall on me. Let the power of the Holy Ghost, let it fall on me. Anointing fall on me. Come on, let's sing it again. Oh, anointing, let it fall on me. anointing. Let it fall on me. And let the power of the Holy Ghost, let it fall on me. Anointing fall on me. Say, anointing. I know. Let it fall on me. Oh, I anointing let it fall on me and let the power of the Holy Ghost let it fall on me. anointing fall on me. Say anointing. Oh, let it fall. Anointing. Let it fall on me. Let the power the power let it fall anointing. [Music] Let the power of the Holy Ghost Let the power let it fall. Let the power, let it fall, let the power of the Holy Ghost, let it fall on me. Anointing, anointing, fall on me. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. And what can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And what can make me whole again? And nothing nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious is that makes me wider. Oh, the fountain. I know. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood of Oh, precious. Is that that makes me made me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood of Jes. There is power, power, wonder working power. Oh, in the blood. Hallelujah. Hey, of the lamb. There is power, power, power, wonderful working power. It's in the preious blood. There is power. Power, wonder working power. Oh, is in the blood of the lamb. There is power. Power. Wonderful working. Power is in the blood. Precious blood. Come on. There is power. Oh, there's power, wonderful working power. Oh, is in the blood. In the blood of the lamb of the lamb. [Applause] Power is in the preious blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Come on. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares. Higher, higher, higher, higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift. Higher. Higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus. Cast your burden unto Jesus for he [Music] cares. Cast your burden unto Jesus for he cares. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher, higher, higher. Live, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower. Say lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Come on. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Come on. Lift your voice. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Lifting. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Praise the Lord. He's worthy. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I'm so grateful we have the ability to lift him higher. I'm so grateful we have the ability to stomp Satan lower. The devil's under your feet. No matter what you're going through, he's under your feet. Amen. So, just stomp him a little lower. Amen. Every time he raised his ugly hand, you put your foot on him. Amen. God bless you, saints. You all may have your seats. Amen. We're going to get into our specials this morning. Amen. We're going to invite sister Shondaanda to come at this time. Praise the Lord. I see precious brother Gordon. God bless you, brother Gordon. I trust that you have a song in your heart, brother. After Sister Shondaanda, we we like to invite Brother Gordon to come and give us a song, brother. Amen. I know you got one in your back pocket. I know you got one. Praise the Lord. [Music] Are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's done, all is stilling. Are you desperate for some healing? Let me tell you about my [Music] Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and empty fears and tell the past to disappear? road. Let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would go and undo if you could. He could work it all for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his graces. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who can take my cross to Calary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who could care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus and let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Amen. He'll do it. God bless you, Sister Shonda. We really appreciate y'all. Amen. Everybody got something to say about Jesus. Amen. I'm so glad our testimony is true. Amen. Praise the Lord. And positive. Amen. Brother Tape, will you come at this time? I wish you my sister. All right. All right. Thank you, Lord. I wish y'all had a guitar, but my wife going to help me out. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I've been knowing Brother Solomon, but I knew him before he moved out. Well, I guess he moved away and then he moved back, right? So, I met him about 20 years ago. It's good to see your brother still faithful in the Lord. Thank God for the faithful few. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Y'all, y'all help me. I'm not a a soloist like Solomon, brother Jack. I just like a song leader help with the choruses. Amen. So, y'all help me with this one. Amen. Y'all know it. Amen. I trust in God. Myior one. Thank the Lord. You will never fail. I trust in God. I trust in God. Thank the Lord my savior. The one man who will never fail. He will never fail. You going to stay right there. I trust. I trust in God. Amen. The Lord Jesus. The one Amen who will never fail. I trust in God. I trust in God. Amen. My the one who will never never never fail. He was there. One more time. I trust in God. Amen. Amen. I trust in God. My savior. Amen. Who will make I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. That's why I saw the I trust. That's why I trust. Amen. That's why I trust you. One more time. I saw the Lord. I [Applause] Jesus Jesus. That's right. I trust in God. I trust in God. Myior one. Jesus is the one. Amen. Never, never, never, never. Amen. He will never I trust in God. I trust in God my Lord. He will never [Applause] my savior [Music] will you never saw the Lord. I saw the Lord and heard my heart. I saw that's why I saw [Applause] [Music] you. Oh, I saw you. [Music] [Applause] That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I trust in my savior, my peace I am. He'll never know he won't. He'll never say I trust in God. He [Music] [Music] my trust in God. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can praise him if you want to. Amen. He's our God. He's our God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I believe that song speaks to every soul. Amen. You have to trust in God in this hour. Amen. But Satan has perfected his work. You have better trust in God. Satan has studied each one of us from our birth. He knows your strengths and your weaknesses. Amen. You got to trust in God. You can't defeat him by yourself. Although the Lord put him under your feet. Got to trust in God. God bless you, brother T. We really appreciate God. [Music] Hallelujah. We all may have you seat. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. I want to thank the Lord for having brother and sister Tate in the house. Amen. We also have Sister Anne Martin. God bless you. It's good to have you two in the house of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. I have a prayer request here from Sister Shondaanda. Says, "Please keep my mom in prayer. On Tuesday, she will be going in to have an electric procedure done to her heart. I pray God protects her and strengthen her. Amen. Amen. And we believe the Lord will do that. Amen. He said, "Let not your heart be troubled." You believe in God, believe also in me. Amen. He's the electricity that she needs to touch her heart. Amen. May I have the announcements, please? Praise the Lord. [Music] Praise the Lord. My name is Brother Tito. Hallelujah. Amen. Then on Saturday be sister Kesha's birthday. All right. All right. Lord, brother Tito. How he'll be one, right? Amen. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll we'll continue to stream uh via Facebook at sat tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. We have brothers virtual prayer Tuesday night at 7:30. Amen. Brothers, hop on the line. Amen. It's always a joy when we gather together as brethren. And I know the sisters the same way. And the Lord comes and answers prayer. I believe this church is standing because of prayers. Yes. Amen. We have a youth service Friday, April 11th at 7:30 p.m. Then Good Friday, we have a service uh April 18th at 7:30 p.m. And then our meetings are coming up in July. The theme I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Amen. Uh it'll be held at the Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach, Florida, July 25th through July 27th. Amen. We have uh three ways of giving online. one way of giving in in the sanctuary. We have a wooden box as you come in and as you leave, you can drop your giving in there online. Uh we have Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. Um we prefer that you use Zel. There are no fees associated with Zel. The email address you would use for both Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. And for cash app, is dollar sign Spirit and Truth T. For those who desire to mail in your given spirit of truth, tabernacle, PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Any unspoken request bow, lift their head. Amen. Let's bow ours. Father, we come before you, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. There's power in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Father, as we come to you in that name, Lord, we know that it's not us speaking, but it's you speaking in heaven to our heavenly father. Lord, interceding on our behalf. Lord, we bring Sister Dixon before you, Lord Jesus. She needs a touch in her body. She's going to have a procedure, but Father, she's your daughter, a daughter of God, Lord Jesus. And Father, we're trusting you. We're trusting in God, Lord, that all will be well. Father, that you would anoint the physicians, Lord. All that will be touching her body, Lord, the nurses, the staff, Lord, be with them, Lord God, that everything may may be a great success, Lord God, and you will get the glory from it, Lord. Strengthen our sister. Bless her, Lord Jesus. How she loves to praise you and enter into the house of the Lord. And Father, she's an encouragement to us all, Father. You know the request upon your people's heart. Every hand that was raised, Lord, your people, Lord, we are in Satan's Eden, so we're all fighting. Lord, you know the heart's desire and the needs of your people. So meet each one. Speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. Anoint our precious pastor, Lord Jesus, as he will bring the word this morning. Help him to get himself out of the way, Lord. Help us all to get ourselves out of the way. We want to see Jesus. None of us, Lord, we want to see Jesus, Father. So we commit all things to you. We pray, Lord God, that you will bless our giving, Lord. May it be used for the upbuilding of the kingdom. Bless each hand that gives, Lord God. Father, bless them, Lord, for their sacrifices that they they they make in so many different ways. Father, we just want to praise you and bless you for all that you accomplish in our lives. We commit all things to you now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Michelle, will you come this morning? Amen. God, won't you bless Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother got up here and changed my whole song. Hallelujah. I got a good musician today. We gonna go Pentecostal. Jesus on the main telling what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus on the way. Oh Jesus. Tell him what you want. Oh Jesus. You can't [Music] you need your body here. I said if you keep your [Music] mind the Holy Ghost you need the Holy Ghost. Oh, if you holy Jesus on the line on the line on the [Music] nothing calling on me. The heart is calling on the Lord and the heart on the calling on the name of the Lord. Let the heart falling on Jesus. Calling on the Lord with no calling on Jesus. Calling on the name of the Lord. There's no heart. There's no harm. Trust me on the Lord. There's no harm in trusting in Jesus. There's no heart. Trusting on the Lord. There's no heart on Jesus. heart. [Music] Jesus on the way. I told Jesus what you want. You can call him up and tell him what you [Music] want. Tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Well, if you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. You are telling what you are. Well, if you want your body changed, tell him what you want. Well, if you want your mind changed, tell him what you want. If you want nobody, tell him what you want. Call him up and tell him what you want. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you, Sister Michelle. Amen. God bless you, Sister Tate. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to change the order of the service and invite brother Jack to come at this time. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. When my heart is overwhelmed, I want you to lead me to the rock. Amen. When my heart is overwhelmed, I'm praying, lead me to the rock. Lead me to lead me to is higher than I. Oh Lord, where my is overwhelmed, I'm praying. Lead me to lead me [Music] to the rock that's higher than I. Oh Lord, that's higher than I. [Music] When my when my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to the rock. Oh, lead me to the rock is higher than I. Oh Lord, where am I? [Music] Oh, lead me to the rock. Oh, lead me to the rock that's higher [Music] than is higher than Oh, yes it is. Say lead me to the rock. Oh my. Say lead me to the rock. You are my firm foundation, my salvation, my solid rock. You are my firm foundation, my salvation, my solid rock. Yes, you are Jesus. You are my friend. You are my You are my solid rock. You're my friend. You are my friend. Oh, say my solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. My solid rock. You are my friend. Oh my solid rock. You're my friend. Oh, you are my solid rock. So when my heart is overwhelmed, I'm asking lead me to you. Lead me to the rock that's higher than I. Oh Lord, when my heart is overwhelmed with my heart, I'm praying. Oh, I'm praying lead me to the rock. Oh, lead me to the rock that's higher than is higher than us. Come on and give him praise in this place. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. My God. Why don't you just turn around and greet somebody? Say, "So good to see you in the house of the Lord." Amen. Oh my. My my my my [Music] my glory, glory, glory. It's good to have brother and sister Tate with us on today. Amen. We thank God for them. Amen. Amen. God bless you musicians. Appreciate y'all. And thank y'all for letting Sister Take Gide in where she fit in. All right. [Applause] Yeah. That's all right. They were the I believe I was listening to a recording and I I feel like I got some lows in my mic today. If y'all can just give me a little bit more uh high, I'd appreciate it. Uh but I was listening to a a sermon uh that was preached there in South Carolina, Brother Simmons Church, which is churches that they're from. And uh Brother Smiley had gone to preach there some years ago and just listened to the the sermon and was blessed by it. But uh they recorded the special, the song Lead Me to the Rock came out of their church. And man, when I heard that I said, "Hey, hey, hey, I need that one. I had never heard it before, but that was that was that was for me. And uh you know, we it's sometimes you get songs that just carry you through seasons. No matter what you're going through in your life, you can always reach back to that song and and somehow just get a little strength to keep pressing on. Amen. We thank God for that. And if you ain't never had to reach and grab a song yet, just keep living. You just keep living and and you see why grandma used to moan. [Applause] You don't understand why why she just moaning all the time. You just keep living. You'll understand why grandma would moan and before you know it, you have yourself a moan. Oh my. Praise the Lord. We thank God for all things. I I heard sister Ann uh Martin, the pastor's daughter, Amen. there in Michigan was here. God bless you, Sister Ann. Uh, s so good to have you. And I see you didn't come alone. Did we get the sister's name? What's your name, sis? Snograss. Si Sister Snograss. Now, you're a pastor's daughter as well. God bless you. I know brother Snoggrass. Yeah. God bless you, sis. Good to Good to have you all. I I I was told that they enjoyed themselves a little uh vacation. Amen. They found a ship and enjoyed a vacation. So, we thank God. Amen. Good to good to have him here. I won't keep you standing. Let's just get our Bibles. Uh I I will say um um let's Brother Smiley today is over at brother Mike's preaching. So, we want to remember him in prayer. And it's so certainly good to have brother Quu back with us. Amen. He was there in uh Puerto Rico. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, uh um we want to turn back to Isaiah 61. We read this on last week and uh we'll continue in our journey um this week. And you know there I have a lot in my spirit that I want to get out. But uh sometimes if you're not careful how you release it, then um it just becomes too much, right? So I'm praying that God would just give us um the right channel of inspiration to be able to get it all out. Amen. Uh I I could just certainly read the quotes. I got them, but I just trust that God would give us the inspiration. And and one of the reasons I like to read quotes, I like for you to see where I'm getting my thoughts from. Uh these are not my thoughts. These are God's thoughts that he sent through a prophet uh to us. And if we just stay in line with that, um we'll we'll be all right. Amen. Amen. So, uh, uh, Isaiah 61 says, "The spirit of the Lord God is upon me because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty uh, to the captives, and the opening of the prison uh, to them that are bound." Amen. Amen. I like these words. You realize um some of us are in a prison that does not have a lock you get it. You you you might be bound in a prison and there's no lock on the door and what you need is somebody to come and tell you Just come out. Amen. Push the door open and come out. You ain't got to sit there no more. Come out to proclaim the acceptable year. Amen. Of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God to comfort all that mourn. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for the reading of the word, but we trust that the Holy Spirit would now uh make it clear to us what you want us to know uh from your word. And some of the scriptures that you've laid in my heart to share with the church, God, scriptures that your prophet shared with us as the bride of Christ. And uh Lord, we trust that uh our eyes would be enlightened and that Father, our spirit, man, would be renewed and refreshed uh through the word. Come, Lord, in a special way upon your word. We we we felt your anointing throughout the worship service. Now, let your anointing, Father, settle in on the word. We take control over every spirit that's against your spirit right now and claim this service for the glory of God. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Uh our journey continues. Amen. On Jubilee year. Amen. Jubilee year. Amen. And it seemed like um everywhere I turn, um this word Jubilee just keep popping up. Amen. As I told you on last um Sunday, I went back to this old song that this is the year Jubilee. And uh and then last night, oh, I forgot to say that. Thank you everyone that was able to make it to the meetings uh there to support uh brother Bernard. I I really appreciate you all and your sacrifice that you made. Uh we had two wonderful services. Brother Mike did a a a wonderful job. Amen. On Friday night and then uh we had uh brother um uh Trace on last night and he did an excellent job. uh you know, we just we just had some really really good fellowship. But last night as we were there um the first night they uh they said all pastors leave and uh go to the tent so you can you know we want to feed you and all that. So I I was obedient. I got up and I left. Amen. That's what they said. That's what the pastor said. He said they they want all the pastors to leave. I said, "Okay, I'm I'mma leave." So last night there was a few things happening uh towards the end of the service. One of them was my mother-in-law forgot her uh Bible on Friday night there and uh so I called down and they they found it said we going to put the Bible in the pull pit. Now why would they put the Bible in the pull pit and at the very end of service they raised the Bible up and they say now whose whose Bible is this? And I knew what was going on. I can read between the lines. So they say, "Oh, this Brother Underwood, this." No, you know that. Oh, it's Brother Jack's mother-in-law. Brother Jack, you want to come get the Bible? So I sent one of the other brothers up to get the Bible chess. So then another brother say, "Okay, I got another chess move for you." Brother say, "We want Brother Jack to come and pray a closing prayer." Oh God. put me he made a move on me when he had me there. He had me then they said now brother since you here just go ahead and sing a few songs checkmate I was in checkmate I was done but uh there they begin to sing this song behold he comes riding on the cloud shining like the sun at the trumpets call lift your voice is to gear up oh out of Zion's he shout salvation comes. I I heard that jubilee again. Praise God. So, we're preaching Jubilee year. And the prophet told us as we shared it last week, we'll repeat some of the things we said last week and then we'll go forward as well. Uh but it says a a jubilee was God's manner of expressing grace to his people. Amen. A jubilee was God's manner of expressing grace. And as I was just saying with that scripture that we're just reading, uh Isaiah is prophesying that the opening of the prison to them that are bound. Now, if you find yourself in a prison, whatever that prison may be, and and I'm hoping that I can kind of get into that uh oh my, it's kind of I was trying I be trying to save things and um and it just it just kind of comes to me. Oh, a prison could be anything. Praise God. You could be a prisoner of your past. Right. You can be a prisoner of what other people think about you. Come on. Praise the Lord. Uh you can be a prisoner to hurts and pains and Amen. and and and and and just all kind of stuff. You can be a prisoner to sickness. Praise God. Uh you you can you can be a prisoner to um different addictions. Hallelujah. Uh, brother Brandon, he he made a statement. Amen. In in a message and and I I I have this question because you know when when when when Isaiah prophesies that I'm I'm uh uh proclaiming liberty to the captives, the opening of the prison to them that are bound and to pre to proclaim the acceptable year, which is the Jubilee year. Amen. So there's a prophecy that comes to say that the Jubilee year is going to be amen proclaimed. Hallelujah. Now, now, now you got to understand, uh, Brother Brandham say that what what what's this Jubilee for? He says, "Maybe you've been bound by whiskey." These are his words, right? I'm I'm I'm just kind of uh summarizing them, but he said, "Maybe you've been bound by whiskey." Amen. A jubilee comes to set you free from whiskey. Drinking. Praise God. He said cigarettes. Amen. And some people need to know that there's a Jubilee trumpet sounding to set you free from cigarettes. Hello. Now, I need you to understand something. When a Jubilee trumpet sounds, that's not based on an emotion. A Jubilee trumpet when it sounds is not based on a feeling. I don't care how you feeling at that time. If you can hear, Amen. with your ear, the trumpet is sounding for you. That trumpet sound is simply for your freedom. The the trumpet sounding is not for your feelings. Amen. The trumpet sound not for your emotions. The trumpet sound is for your freedom. And if you can hear the gospel trumpet sounding this morning, you can go free from whiskey. You can go free from cigarettes. I got another one for you. Brother Brandham say you can go free from mistreating your spouse. You can have a jubilee in your relationship if you can accept what God is trying to do. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. I mean, once you hear a Jubilee trumpet sound, you don't go back to what you used to do. You free. My God. Amen. He says you can get you can get set free from mistreating your spouse. He says also you can get free from running around. Amen. You want another another one that he said? You can be free from cursing. Amen. You can have a jubilee today and you can stop using that foul language. Amen. And I mean, tomorrow you're going to go right on the job and somebody going to say something for uh to to stir your stir up your your that that anger again. But you got to realize on Sunday I heard a jubilee trumpet sound. So I'm not going back to that same old lifestyle. Praise the Lord. Amen. My Lord. Hallelujah. I'm telling you things that the prophet said that you can have a jubilee from. Amen. Another thing he said you can have a jubilee from lying. That's right. Praise the Lord. You ain't got to keep lying no more. Lying only hurts you. You the one have to keep remembering that lie. And then somebody else ask you different questions and you got to come up with another lie. Hallelujah. You ain't got to do that no more. A jubilee trumpet set you free from lying. It'll set you free from stealing. [Music] Amen. Now, see, back in my day, it was all kind of ways that people we get we get the preachers would preach about stealing all the time, and and and you know, and and and and they they caught different angles on it so that we could understand what we were doing, right? Because when we when we here stealing, we think, okay, if I if I if somebody dropped something over here then and I go and pick it up, you know, actually they didn't have to drop it. I just saw it sitting over there and I sneaked over there and got that thing and put it in my pocket and went on. Hallelujah. Right. Right. Oh, that's stealing. Yeah. I mean, you you at the store. Uhhuh. Amen. I I forgot to pay for that. No, you ain't forget to pay for nothing. you stole and you need to go right back in there with them pecans. You You need to go right back in there and pay for that. Let them people know I forgot to pay for this. Not know this a blessing. Can I go a little further? You stand in line. This why they stopped accepting cash cuz you stand in line and somebody done miscounted your change and they gave you back more than what you gave them. And you sitting there, oh, what a blessing. No, it's not a blessing. That person going to have to pay for that. That's right. You stealing. Amen. And uh can I go a little further? How long is your lunch break? [Music] You got 30 minutes uh 45 minutes that you taking or uh you got a 30-minut break or you taking an hour? Or you got an hour and 30 minute. What are they paying you for? Hello church. That's called stealing. You stealing the time from the boss. M all right. Glory to God. And some of our young people today, hallelujah, they have this new tool when they doing their work now. It's called AI. And you stealing answers from the internet. You can have a jubilee. All right. Now, praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Brother Brandham also said you can have a jubilee from weariness. So, if you worried about anything, worried and weary, you don't have to accept that from the devil no more. You can you can hear the jubilee trumpet sound and go free from those things. Now, I added a little bit more. You can be free from drug addictions. You can be you can have a jubilee from pornography. Hallelujah. You can have a jubilee from oppression. Can I go a little further? You can have a jubilee from vaping. [Applause] Even even young children are getting caught with this demon of vaping. Destroying your lungs at a very early age. The devil trying to steal, kill, and destroy. But you can be free from vaping. Hallelujah. Can I give you another one? You can be free from lust. You can be free from vanity. Praise God. You can go free from depression. A jubilee trumpet will set you free. You can be free from homosexuality. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You can go free from an unequally yoke relationship. You don't owe nobody no explanation. You realize it was wrong. So go free. Walk out on that devil when you hear the jubilee trumpet sound. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be free from your past hurts. The Jubilee trumpet is trying to set you free from your past mistakes. Amen. The trumpet can set you free from music. Hello. The Jubilee trumpet can set you free from love novels. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The trumpet can set you free from gossip. [Applause] The trumpet will set you free from hatred, envy, strife, malice, and every stronghold of the enemy. Brother, the Jubilee trumpet is sounding. Every captive can go free. That's why I said it last week and I'll say it again. Free at last. Free at last. Thank God Almighty. I'm free at last. Open them prison bars. Come on out of there in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Here we have we have Sarah was in a place of bondage when Abraham had lied. Both her and Abraham lied. Said, "This is my sister." As they got down there, amen, with Aimilec, uh they were in a desperate situation. Uh there was nothing that Abraham could do about it. There's nothing that Sarah could do about it. How could they go back and try to straighten this up? It was a death sentence. You lied to the king. It was It's death sentence. Why would you do something like that? So only God could intervene. Amen. On both of their behalfs. And God had to give Aimilec a dream and tell him in the dream, "Don't touch that man's wife." And I said, "Now I know he lied, but I'm not calling him my liar. That man is my prophet." And give that man restore. restore that man his wife. Praise God. Uh and then also have him pray for you. Amen. Because if if you if you don't give that man back his wife, I'mma kill you and everybody in this household. So the man knew God meant business. And only the grace of God could come and bring freedom. Yeah. Hallelujah. To Sarah and to Abraham. And it's only the grace of God that can come and bring a jubilee to us. Y'all got to watch things. Y'all got to watch things. Be spiritual. Be spiritual. If you're not spiritual, you're going to miss everything God is doing. Now, watch. Amen. We saw uh that the the the the Jubilee or the restoration occurred. Regardless of the conditions, regardless of how Sarah and Abraham were in bondage, the Jubilee still occurred. And regardless of your condition, Amen. the Jubilee occurs. Brother Brandham made the statement, and I'm just quoting this. I'm I didn't pull this up for you to pull up there, but just a a quick quote. Every seven years they let the ground rest. They grow no fruit on it or uh uh planted no crops. They let the crops in the field rest every seven years. And at that time was a jubilee. Amen. And so we were reading uh Leviticus last week uh praise the Lord. And Leviticus 25:1-7 or it talks about how the land was supposed to be given rest on the seventh year. Hallelujah. And he said, "Now don't plant. Don't don't worry about planning. Don't don't do anything." Amen. In that seventh year, this was a uh if the land got rest, the land received a jubilee, the land received a release, the land itself, right? And and and I and I know God is more concerned about you than he's just concerned about land. Amen. So if the land got a jubilee and all they had to do is be obedient and just follow God's instructions, then he put a question for them in Leviticus 25:20. We read it last week. I'll read it for you again. But the question was, "And if ye shall say, yeah, what shall we eat the seventh year?" Now, you done told us, Moses, amen, to to not do anything during this this the seventh year. Uh but but what what what what we going to eat in the seventh year? If we don't plant our crops, if we don't do anything, what are we going to eat? Amen. In the seventh year, he says, "Behold, we shall not sow nor gather in our increase. Nothing going to happen in the seventh year. It's a year of rest." Praise God. Hallelujah. If you would just if you'll trust me now, if you'll obey my word, I got something for you. Hallelujah. If you'll bake me a cake first. Hallelujah. Huh? That's what that's what Elijah had to tell the sister. If you'll bake me a cake first, I guarantee Hallelujah. Your barrel will never go empty. And your cruise will not run dry. Now, it may it may look like it's going empty. Your bank account sometimes may look like it's going empty. But somehow someway out of somewhere [Applause] Somewhere between here, Amen. my empty bank account. It look empty, but somewhere between here and when that bill is due, God is going to move. Somewhere between here and there, God is going to move. He did it before. He'll do it again. Don't tell me I done seen him do it too many times. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I I I should wait till Sunday on Wednesday night when we have our testimony service. But I might Let me just share this one real quick. I was, you know, uh tax time. I don't look forward to it. Right. Right? Cuz some for some for some reason I always owe and I be trying to work them thing work it work it work it all the claim this I'm claiming the cat I'm claiming the dog I'm claiming anything I can claim to try to try to get this thing down. Uhhuh. And I got it to a certain point said man I just can't get no further. How did this happen? How I owe this much money. Lord have mercy. God I need a I need a fish. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm telling y'all how I talk to the Lord. I need a fish. Jesus had to pay taxes. And you know where he got his money from? Amen. A fish had the money in his mouth. God, I need a fish. [Music] [Applause] I prayed that on one night. Next day I I had a a text going back and forth and um somebody say, "Oh, you know, I I thought this and I thought that. I was looking at your account and I thought this." Oh, but you got to check this other account over here. It's a business. Like, oh, I didn't know you had that kind of money sitting in the account. I said, "Yeah, uh that's last year the Lord blessed and we had this. I just didn't do nothing with it." Well, you can take a bonus. You know, the the bonus was enough to pay I got myself a fish. And the fish came the very next day. Oh, hallelujah. Look, if you need a fish, God will give you a fish. Just pray and see. God, you'll know how it's going to come. But be obedient. Bake me a cake first. Oh my. You know how the devil like to talk to you. Oh no, you you just got that. Now what you Yeah, you going to pay your tithe on what you just got. Make sure you pay your tithe. That's how the blessings keep flowing. Oh my. I ain't getting I ain't getting very far here today, Lord. Here. Um the um so in verse 20 uh uh uh uh it says, "Behold, we shall not sow nor gather in our increase." So if you're obedient, God says, "Now I want the seventh year to be a year of rest, also a year of release." Another another uh type of the jubilee. He says, "And so if you if you're obedient, now what happens in the 21st verse says, then will I command it." Can you you got that? if the blessing didn't even want to come your way. But because of commandment, oh Lord, how many people done God don't they don't walk right by you. The Lord already done told him, "Get him get him that." Yeah. Yeah. I know this happened to a preacher friend of mine, sister. Um the Lord had told her to give a certain amount to the preacher, right? and she uh she said uh well he'll need all that. She went and just wrote what she wanted to write, right? And she gave and thought that would appease God. And uh throughout the the the weekend meetings, God just kept dealing with her. Now I told you she couldn't even get free in the service. My God because she had not been obedient. And and say now I told you what to do. I told I gave you the amount to give to that preacher. And he just went on that not thinking nothing of it. He getting ready to catch his flight to go back home. And the sister calling the pastor say, "Wait, is the brother still there? Is he I got to come to your house. I got to come right now. I can't I can't I I can't I can't rest until I get this done." He said, "The Lord told me to give him a certain amount." I thought within myself that he was all right. He ain't need all of that. But the Lord told me to do. So here the rest of it that God told me. It was exactly what the preacher needed. Hallelujah. People walk right by you and they got the blessing that God done commanded them to give to you. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. May may May may maybe your job is trying to hold up a a promotion. Amen. But God God said God said, "I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year." And I love this part. And it shall bring forth fruit. Amen. Amen. For three years. Amen. Amen. Now, for me, these ain't just promises that are for Israel. Right. If God put it in his words, we are like brother like like like brother Simba said this morning, we are spiritual Israel. We ought to expect the same thing. Now, I'm not planting crops and selling food to people to make my money. But I got a business that I'm running. Hallelujah. Amen. I got other things that I'm involved in and I look for those things to be blessed just like they land was blessed. I'm expecting my business to be blessed. So much business that I can take a year off. What you think they did in the jubilee year? They took a year off. Uhhuh. Glor. They weren't supposed to sew no more in the next year. No reaping in the next year. They took a full year off. And and so now here's the other thing. The reason they're getting three years worth so so the first year, the Jubilee year, uh you're not going to work. All right? So we got we got to eat from, you know, what we got last year. And not only that, when we sew the next year, the eighth year is when we start sewing again. Now, it's not going to grow immediately, right? You got to wait for that to actually grow. So, you have to have an overflow from two years ago that's carrying you even in the eighth year. Amen. That's right. [Applause] God done thought this thing all the way through. God going to take care of you in the sixth year, in the seventh year, in the eighth year, in the ninth year. Whatever year you got, God going to take care of you. And when you see the overflow, you know it's time for a jubilee. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me move forward. Hallelujah. Amen. Also here in Luke 4, let's pick it up again. Isaiah 61 was referring to Luke 4 verse um 16. Praise the Lord. It says um and he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up and as his custom was he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. So here they come bringing Isaiah to to Jesus not even knowing what they doing. They could have picked Jeremiah. They could have put pick, you know, one of the book that Moses wrote, but no, they bring Isaiah. Jesus knowing knowing exactly where he was. I I believe he's there by vision. He already know what they're getting ready to do. They don't know it, but he knows. So he says, it says, "And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written. So he turned to Isaiah 61, the same way we just turned this morning. The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me. Can you imagine Jesus reading this to them? I am the very fulfillment of the prophecy of Isaiah. The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. Amen. Uh he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. of the Lord. Now here the Bible says, "And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister and sat down, and the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him." He must have read this in a certain way. Now these people like, "What? What is what is what's going on here in church today? How could this man take that script and read it and make it so personal? So they are their eyes are fixed on him. He's sitting down and their eyes are fixed on him and and and look at what the scripture say. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears?" That was the end of the sermon. And he preached it sitting down. Yeah. Brother Random tells us something here in the message. Why are people so tossed about? It says something here and I want us to get it. Says some people gets the wrong impression of what the anointing is. My God. He says, "Did you ever think of that some people gets the wrong impression?" Right? Some people gets I think I put some people gets the all right says some people gets the wrong impression of what the anointing is. Did you ever think of it of that? It says, "When was the greatest anointing ever give to anyone?" Now, and I I think this is important because, you know, when we we we we we come to church last week and as soon as the song service started, man, y'all was y'all was up here. And actually, I think sister um Shalom was playing the same song that Brother Tate just come and sung. And and that it just it was up here. It was up here. I I we was high. The brothers was asking me say, "Y'all do that all the time." I say, "Bro, not all the time. It don't be like that." But but today it was. And and then and then soon as brother Tate come up here and they hit that song, y'all were all over it all over again. And certain songs carry you through certain seasons. And you would feel like that's a great anointing. It was. But the greatest anointing. All right. The greatest anointing that was ever given to anyone was Jesus Christ. We have the spirit by measure. He had it without measure. And one day he entered into the temple and picked up the scroll and read and said, "The spirit of God is upon me, for he has anointed me to preach the acceptable year, to bind up the broken hearts, to heal the sick, give sight to the blind." And now we would think if such an anointing was on him, that that had been prophesied 800 years before that that it would come. Here he was with that type of anointing and the full blessing and anointing of the Lord upon him. We would want to run all over the building. Hallelujah. Scream and holler. But the Bible said he laid down the scroll and sat down and precious words proceeded from his mouth. That's what he done under the anointing. Look at what he says here. The anointing is not emotions. However, blessings are emotions. Don't get that wrong now. That that we're not preaching this to take the emotions out of the church. Cuz when God blesses you, it's going to produce some type of emotion. When I got an unexpected bonus, I was thanking God for it. But the anointing, don't get confused now with anointing. The anointing is not emotions. The anointing is supreme power in control. Amen. Amen. What that simply means is when you know who you are in Christ. All right. Amen. When you recognize your position in Christ, when you recognize your place, can't nobody shake you from it. All right. All right. All right. Amen. Because you anointed. All right, Father. Amen. Oh, I know what I'm talking about. That's right. It don't matter what nobody say at all. But when you got your own revelation, your own understanding, something that God gave to you, I I don't have I'm not sharing a group revelation. Come on, brother. Amen. Amen. When when he asked him disciples, he said, he says, "Who do men group who do men say that I am?" And this is what men were saying. And then then he say, "No, no, no. I heard what they had to say. But who do you say that I, the son of man, am? Peter had his own revelation. And he didn't care if nobody else. Y'all ain't going to say nothing. You ain't got nothing to say. Nothing. All right. I'mma be the one. I'mma step out here and say what's been revealed to me. Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Amen. Amen. And because his revelation identified Christ perfectly, then Christ could let Peter know who he was. Amen. Amen. Thou art Peter. Thank you, Jesus. Gave him a name change. And it say it says, "And upon this," it says, he say, "Flesh and blood didn't reveal this." You didn't get a group revelation, Peter, but my father gave you this revelation. That's right. And since my daddy gave it to you, it's upon this rock. I'm going to build my church and the gates of hell will never prevail against it. The anointing is supreme power in control. Like knowing exactly what and how and that's what's Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Are y'all Did y'all catch that? Yeah. The the the anointing is not emotions. The anointing is supreme power and control like knowing exactly what and how. See, and that's what's here. Godraise God. Praise God. You know, I believe the angel told the prophet to pick up his pen and write. And he and it says those in the bride will only do his will. No one can make them do otherwise. That's right. Hallelujah. They have thus sayaith the Lord or they keep still. All right. Yes, sir, brother. Nobody can make the bride do nothing. Right. The rod has an anointing on her. It's supreme power and control. She know where she stand with the word. Amen. All right, let me move on. I got something else to say. Uh I want to go to this sermon, the mark of the beast. Brother Brandham uh refers to this. I I didn't read uh Leviticus 25, but uh I read it last week. I read a portion of it, but uh Leviticus 25 is what actually told them uh they would count seven Sabbaths. And then uh on that seventh Sabbath, the day after that seventh Sabbath, which would be uh 50 days, seven Sabbaths would be equal seven weeks, seven full weeks. And on the 50th day, it would be a time of jubilee. And when they had that jubilee, uh actually a seven uh um I want to say it was 49 years, not just 49 days, but um uh 49 years. And then that 50th year was a 50 year of jubilee. All right. So when they when they when they when they went into that jubilee season, it didn't matter how much debt you were in, right? Your debt was canceled. That that just let you know how God feel about your debt. God don't even want you under the burden of death. And there always comes a little season in your life where God does something to release you from debt. The problem is we make bad decisions. And we find our way right back into debt. Don't Don't do that, church. Ask God for wisdom. Lord, I I I I feel that I have an abundance. Show me how to make this last for three years. Amen. Amen. I got I got to move on cuz there's so much that happened here today this morning. Um let me let me let me read this out of Mark of the Beast and then I I I'll say something else here. Okay. Yeah. Mark of the Beast. It says this. Now in the Old Testament, the Bible said that there was to be a 50th year jubilee. That was seven times seven years. And in the 49th year that w that it was to be made ready and the 50th year was the jubilee year. 50 means jubilee. 50 is God's jubilee number. 50 uh it says this now 50 means jubilee. 50 is God's jubilee number. The word Pentecost means 50. So the Jubilee year, amen, occurred at the 50th year. Okay? And uh and then brother Brandham is telling us also the word Pentecost. Actually, I'm going to read something for you in in in a little bit, but in the Jewish language, pent. Yeah. Just p means 50, right? But now it's pent. Hallelujah. So, so, so we see there's a connection. Amen. in the Jubilee year and the day of Pentecost. Hallelujah. Watch what the prophet says here now. He says um uh it was uh 50 is God's jubilee number. The word Pentecost means 50. It was the outpouring of the Holy Spirit at the end of the 50 days. It was also the end of the 50th year. Yeah. My God. Jesus come to foreshadow or forewarn rather the people of the coming year of Jubilee. So, so now what he's what he's telling us when Jesus picked up the scripture, amen, in Isaiah and began to read about this acceptable year, he said Jesus was actually forewarning or letting them know about a coming year of Jubilee. Oh my my my. It says he went into the synagogue at Capernaum and sat down taken a scripture and turned it over to Isaiah 6:11 and read this scripture. The spirit of the Lord is upon me has anointed me to preach the acceptable year of the Lord to set the captives at liberty and to give sight to the blind. And when he got through reading, he sat down and hand the scripture back to the priest. And he said, "This day this scripture is fulfilled in your ears and eyes." He says, "You see it? For he was giving forth a warning of the coming forth of the great gusher of Pentecost to set at liberty everyone that was slaves to sin and bound. And that's the thing, you know, um uh uh when somebody is a slave to sin, they actually can't help themselves. Right. No matter no matter what happens, they kind of get free for a little bit and somehow they find themselves right back in the bondage again. They they're a slave to that thing, right? People don't want to smoke. People don't want to drink that. I mean, they see all the stuff uh that is doing to them. They they they see the same articles that everybody else see. You know what that's doing to your lungs? How could you want to? They they know all that. But there's a spirit that has them bound. Hallelujah. And it take the Holy Ghost to set them free. And when the Holy Ghost set you free, look, when when when when it when when when a when when when that house is empty, those demons leave, you got to get something else inside the house to fill the house so that when them demons come back, they won't have no opportunity to take residence again. [Applause] Did you believe Trump is sounding? Somebody's going free. Amen. Praise God. Amen. It's not based on a feeling. It's not based on emotion. It's based on a revelation of knowing who you are. Now, Brother Brandham just tied that 50th year Jubilee to the 50th day after Jesus was on the cross. Uh 50 days later, I believe, is when um uh um the the the the day of Pentecost came. So, he's tying both of these together. It's a it's a jubilee uh in the spirit. Now, I want to I want to catch something here. I want to catch something here. I uh I have this little book. Amen. Uh years ago, I picked it up at the uh at the fair and you know they had like the little book expo and and I saw this one guy had a book and he was a Jewish man selling selling books about you know just the religion of the Jews and and how it kind of connected to uh the New Testament. Now uh I I I'm telling you my source. I'm not just reading this and and then you know not giving you my source. Thank you, brother. Yeah. Thank you so much. I always appreciate Brother Joseph being in church. Amen. It's I appreciate him. Appreciate him a lot. Um but the uh this this man, you know, like I say, um I I I don't necessarily read a lot of stuff. This guy's name is Douglas Carmel, but I saw this when I picked it said, "Yeah, I wanted to, you know, just maybe kind of learn about these these um feasts that the children of Israel had. The feast of Passover, the feast of unleven bread, feast of first fruits and feast of weeks, um the feast of trumpets, the the day of atonement, and and you know, also the the feast of tabernacles. So, there are some things that they say that this man said from a Jewish perspective that I thought was very very good. And and like I say, I'm I'm hesitant. Uh, I don't I don't recommend y'all just go get any book and read it. You have to filter things through the the lens of the message. Amen. Now, I'm going to read, you know, something here because it's going to kind of come come back. We've already read, you know, some of these things from scripture, but uh I want to just read, you know, just just some things that they said. He is uh focusing here uh out of Leviticus 23. And uh uh this is where we get a number of these feasts there. So I want to kind of talk about this feast of weeks which is the feast of Pentecost. Okay. And um before the feast of weeks there would be the feast of first fruits. Now what happens during the feast of first fruits is the very first thing in your field that comes to maturity like if you had some some any anything that you plant in your crop any what the very first thing that comes to maturity what you're supposed to do is bring that thing to God and present it in a wave offering. Hallelujah. Amen. So you know what would happen during that that that feast they they would present that and it would be a wave offering before the Lord. This the first thing that come to maturity but it also showed that there was going to be other things coming to maturity as as well. Now, now, now the first what was accepted, amen, at Christ's uh death, he was a wave offering before God. But there was going to be other people that was going to reach the same level of maturity. Hallelujah. That represents us will be presented before God. Oh my my my. Now, now, now they made some statements here, and I just wanted to I want you to catch this because um this morning, and and let me just kind of uh just set this up this morning. We um I you know, we're here in prayer and and I didn't I didn't catch the text, but I believe one of the brothers was supposed to be here to pray and and then he wasn't able to do it. So, uh, they asked another brother to pray. And then I got a a personal text from one brother said, "Hey, could you step in for me cuz I'm going to be late and I'm I was praying. I didn't see the text." And then when I got the the the next one, uh, the next set of textes, another brother said, "Well, I won't be there." Said, "Can somebody step in?" "Yeah, I got it. I'll step in." Brother Simba stepped in. It wasn't even supposed to be his day. And Brother Simba not just stepped in. Brother Simba stepped into the sermon. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. What I'm going to read from this book was what Sup brother Simba read today in prayer. Now watch this. Watch the statement that they make. We're talking about the feast of uh uh of Pentecost. It says uh like the previous feast of first fruits, this holiday also acknowledged God as the source of their agricultural blessings. It says specifically by giving to God some of the first fruits of the land again. This time it was from the wheat harvest. As a matter of fact, the bountiful harvest or lack thereof was distinctly tied to Israel's commitment to the Mosaic law. So now notice the words that they use. The bountiful harvest. Now why did they get a bountiful harvest? Because in the sixth year, if you obeyed God's commandment not to sew in the seventh year, in the sixth year, the bountiful harvest was that you were going to get three years worth. Yes, sir. Amen. All right. So, they said the bountiful harvest or lack thereof was distinctly tied to Israel's commitment to the Mosaic law as the Mosaic law told them. And they tied the Mosaic law to a scripture in Deuteronomy 7 verse 11 through13. The exact scripture that brother Simba walked up here and read. [Applause] Let me just try to break this down. You can pull up Deuteronomy 11 and uh and and and verse uh what did I just read? 71 11-13. just get that ready. But but let me let me just try to uh put this in in in a better context. When Jesus went into the temple, they brought him the book and he turned to Isaiah and he read Isaiah. My God. My God. Today, Brother Simba was not supposed to be the one closing out prayer, but they gave him the book. All right. Amen. Right. Amen. Huh? And he read Deuteronomy. What? What is Deuteronomy? What? 7. He uh verse uh is it 11:7? 711. Deuteronomy 711. Now, he walked in this morning and he read Deuteronomy 711. Is that right? 12. Is it? Let me I got it right here. I'm I'm trying to go off memory here. Deuteronomy 7 verse 11. There we go. Now, this is important to me because as I mean here they picked it up in this book and they say if they was just obeying the blessings of God, these are the things that would happen. Now, it's not just a blessing. Amen. Just for your crops. Right. And again, now now y'all bear with me. I'm I'm I'm I'm kind of running out of time. But but but but listen listen uh like I say, I don't I'm not planting uh stuff in the ground, right? And making money off the stuff that I plant in the ground. I I have a business. So the way that they got their land blessed, I'm expecting my business to be blessed. Huh. Amen. We We have a church that we need and I'm expecting that to be blessed. Come on, somebody. Whatever I find my hands involved in, I'm expecting that to be blessed. Amen. Amen. Come on, church. If you got just a a I mean, you got a 9 to5, you ought to be expect you ought to expect to be blessed on your 9 to5. I expect increase. Yeah, I expect promotions. I expect raises when I didn't even ask for a raise. Huh? These are the things that I'm expecting. [Applause] Yes, sir. Yes, sir. But but these blessings went beyond just the land. And this is what brother Simba was bringing out this morning. And they they they tied the same thing. Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments. Yes, sir. and the statutes and the judgments which I command thee this day to do them. Yeah. Look at it now in the next verse. Wherefore it shall come to pass if you hearken to these judgments and keep and do them that the Lord thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he swear unto thy fathers. Mhm. Now, God going to keep brother brother Simba say it's an equation. First part of the equation is that you got to keep your end of the bargain. And if you do your side of the bargain, then God got God got God got something that not not just not just not just keep his side, he going to overflow on the other side. All you got to do is follow the word. Amen. And what's the what's the word to some of us? Some of the word is simply just pay your tithe and offering. Amen. or you ain't even seen a blessing yet. Oh my. You don't even know what a blessing look like if you can't pay tithe and offering. Hallelujah. Pay your tithe and offering. And and you was like, "Lord, if the Lord just give me a little extra money, then I'm get started paying my tithe. He just gave it to you. But now I'm going tell you something. If you get if God even do something like that for you, he actually do it a little different than how he normally do it. Because typically God wants you to bake a cake first before he blesses you. But if on on on one side of the equation, if we just keep his commandments, it says, "Wherefore it shall come to pass if ye hearken to these judgments." Now, now look at what it say. It shall it shall come to pass if ye hearken to these judgments and keep and do them that the Lord thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which which he swear unto thy fathers. Verse 13, watch it. Now this is this is this is the other equation. He will love thee and bless thee. Now, I'm Can I just be honest? Let me just stop. If he loved me, [Applause] if he just stopped right there and just said he loved me, there would be more than enough for me. But he didn't stop there. He said, "I'm going to love you." Oh my man. If a man love his wife, he going to do things for his wife. If a wife love a husband, she going to do things for her husband. We are the bride of Jesus Christ. He will love us. He will bless us. He will multiply. [Applause] Yes sir. Thank you Jesus. up. In one scripture, I think it's 10 or 11 blessings in one scripture. Overflow. He will love thee and bless thee and multiply thee. He will also bless the fruit of thy womb on y'all. Now, now wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Now, I'mma tell I'mma tell y'all chilling something. Y'all blessed because your parents are blessed. Now, I got to say something else. The Lord going to bless you one day, sir. You're going to get married, sir. And you're going to have children. If you want your children to be blessed, you're going to have to follow the same word that your parents followed. And these blessings will overtake generation after generation after generation. I believe my kids got jobs. They got certain jobs because of how I lived and how they mama live. Can I go a little further? Even though some of them might not be serving the Lord. [Applause] And and notice uh notice the promise now. It says he says bless the fruit of thy womb. There was no condition placed on the blessing. Hallelujah. Not for them. The blessing came through me because I followed the Lord. That's why the blessing came through me. I saw the Lord's and he heard and he answered me. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. My savior. He will never [Applause] Glory to God. Man, there's blessing upon blessing upon blessing if we would just follow the Lord. [Applause] My [Applause] this blessing is flowing because of me. And sometime you can just give a scripture right back to your child. You know why you being blessed. Oh, don't you get it twisted. It ain't because of your goodness. It ain't because of nothing you done. It's all that God has done. Now, I want to give you some advice. When you have children, if you want the blessings to flow into your children, you better start following the Lord. [Applause] He will he will love thee and bless thee and multiply thee. Amen. I'm not supposed to have decrease, increase. Yes, sir. Glory to Amen. He will also bless the fruit of thy womb. Fruit of your land. And the fruit of thy land. That's my That's my business. Thy corn. And thy wine. And thine oil. the increase of thy kind. Hallelujah. And the flocks of thy sheep. Hallelujah. And the land which he swear unto thy fathers to give thee. Now that's where they stopped. But brother Simba kept reading. Yes, sir. and the Lord will take away from thee. [Applause] If the doctor can't do it, don't worry about it. Because we have a promise from God. He will take away away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest upon thee, but will lay them upon all them that hate thee. Now, is there another verse to this? Did I miss I missed something? There it is. There it is. That's the other blessing that is supposed to flow when we obey the Lord. Brother, this ain't just about land. It's also about children. Brother Smiley told us this years ago, and we we were we've been riding this for a long time, and I'm still riding it. Thou shalt be blessed above all people. There shall not be male or female barren among you or among your cattle. That means somehow someway the barren will have children. And and listen listen I don't care what is stopping it because the next verse tells you see what happened in the next verse. We skipped it but now verse 15. and the Lord. Hallelujah. Whatever is stopping you from having a child, the Bible declares the Lord will take it away. Win in the year of Jubilee. Glory to God. The blessings are to overtake us in the sixth year. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. [Applause] I'm under expectation. I'm looking for children. I'm looking for my bank account to to increase. I'm looking for a church. I'm looking for a school. Man, I'm looking for everything. I think I I thank sister Z said, "Lord, just bless me with everything everything because you can't think of everything, so just include everything." All right, let me let me try to I I want to I want to go a little further in this. I'm I'm just about out of time. I I told my wife that I had a certain way that I wanted to bring this and and I didn't get to none of the things that I told her I want to get to. But uh I told her I was depending on the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Just drive it home and we'll take bit by bit by bit until we get what we what we need. Amen. Amen. Now, um oh my let me I'm going just have to move on. Let's see here. Uh, okay. So, in this feast of weeks or what they call the feast of Pentecost as well, Israel was to take some of the finest flour from this wheat harvest and then bake two loaves of bread and offer them up at the temple along with other items like lambs, bulls, goats, and rams. And it says, "Interesting enough, these two loaves are baked with leaven." And levan is usually associated with sin. Uh and so as I said, the first feast of first fruits, they always brought their first uh wave offering, a wave loaf. It was the first thing to come to maturity. They waved that before the Lord. And then when they got to this feast of of weeks or Pentecost, then they would wave two loaves. And these two loaves would actually have levan in them, which was a type of sin, which represents us. We also are coming to a place of maturity in the word of God. Amen. We'll get to that same spot that Jesus got uh where uh the Lord was perfectly pleased. This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. God will also be able to say the same thing about us. These are my beloved sons and daughters in whom I am well pleased. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. They go on and they say uh something here said according to the tradition of the rabbis they have deduced that since Israel left Egypt in the first month um and I want you to notice this. to say they the the rabbis in Jewish teaching. They actually believe that Israel left Egypt before they went to the wilderness that they left Egypt in the first month. I want to make this very clear because I don't want you to leave and say, "Well, brother Brandham said no. No, I said I'm reading a book here by this gentleman Douglas Camel and uh he's being that he is uh uh of the Jewish descent he's writing this about his own experience and what he is telling us in in their religion in their faith they actually believe the rabbis believe or they deduce that Israel left Egypt in the first month and in their calendar the first month is April. Mhm. And watch this. Yeah. Israel left Egypt in the first month, approximately April on our calendar. It says 50 days later brings us to the third month, approximately June on our calendar. And the scripture tells us that something historical that did indeed happen during the third month after Israel left Egypt. Now um just to let you know what happened 3 months and they they they refer to Exodus 19. I don't have time to read all of this but what happens in Exodus 19? This is where Moses actually receives the law. So 50 days after leaving Egypt, which 50 days 50 is a jubilee. 50 days after leaving Egypt and they left in April is what they're saying. Now now like I told you this is somebody else saying but let me just let me just pause for a quick second. The reason I can agree with this is because I remember brother Brandham reading a book one time and in the book he read that the same uh heel that Jesus died on was the same heel where they would they where they found Adam's skull. And brother brother Random said when he read that he he read it put the book down jumped up and start screaming and praising God. And he read it again. He he says, "Now, I don't know if it's true, but if it is, how perfect this would be." And and and I say the same thing. How perfect this would be at from leaving Egypt. 50 days later, Moses gets the law. Oh my my my. Now, now just stay with me. Just just just hang tight with me, right? Because brother Brandam said that uh uh it was the going forth the war when Jesus took the book. It was a going forth uh of the warning of the coming forth of a great gusher of Pentecost. So now after Jesus had died 50 days later, praise God, there was a Jubilee trumpet sounding, it was the Pentecostal Jubilee. Now watch what they say here. It says um therefore since the law the ten commandments was given in this month and and also let me let me mention a couple other things. Now, I I was blessed by this when they said April that that Israel left Egypt in April. Do you know how many things happen in the month of April? Easter typically happens in April. Do you know what we're celebrating at Easter? We're celebrating the death and the resurrection of our savior. We say he died probably in April since he was the lamb of God. All right. and lambs are born in the springtime. It's highly likely that our Lord and Savior was born in April. That's right. We had a prophet come to the seventh church age. He was born in April. The children of Israel were going across into the promised land. Amen. They had to cross the Jordan. And the Jordans were very full during the month of April. There's a lot that happens in April. Amen. Good God almighty. Here it says um uh uh uh therefore since the law of the ten commandments was given in this month, the rabbis felt confident enough to associate this holiday with the giving of the law. And he says, "As Ruth Spectre Lel says, the Jewish people call this day shava shiovat uh or weeks because it comes seven weeks after Passover. They are reminded on that day of the ten commandments that were given to Moses 50 days after the Passover lamb was slain for their redemption from Egypt. This feast is also known known by the name the day of giving the law. All right? And we're we're talking about um this feast of weeks or feast of Pentecost. Now the the gentleman goes on to say this um it says Exodus gives us some unique details about that day. So this day that Moses was getting the law and you all remember it's uh God himself writing on the tablets with his own finger right man. God can write. God can read. God can do whatever we need him to do. Right? And and they were they were saying here at the same time that God was given this law, the children of Israel were down in in in the camp breaking the law. Can you imagine that? While God giving this supernatural experience to Moses, the children of Israel are down in the camp with a golden calf. naked before God. Dancing be before a golden calf, upset that Mo, we don't know what happened to this guy Moses complaining and everything. What in the how could they get like that? Well, it's the same thing with us. People leave right here from church with all this good preaching and still go out and talk doubt. Oh yeah. Didn't we just read that God going to take that away from you? Well, I know God going to take it from him, but he ain't done it yet. Amen. Maybe he waiting for you to get the right attitude. Amen. With the attitude you got, you won't even praise him right now. Amen. Somebody. But but I I want you to know that here here in this book, they made a they made a statement. It says uh uh while Moses was up in the mountain receiving the law, Aaron was down there making a golden calf for the people. And when he had finished it, they had a party worshiping this golden calf as the God who delivered them from Egypt. And what happened when Moses came down? Now, just to shorten uh this, what happened when Moses came down? He threw them tablets down. A man was angry. He was so angry. And you see, who on the Lord's side, let him come to me. And um and and so he threw the tablets down. And uh I believe the scripture said about 3,000 men died in Israel that day and their own brothers was killing them because they were they were worshiping that golden calf. They wanted to get rid of that out out of out of Egypt. I mean I mean out of Israel. They couldn't have that. No that type of sin. No no no no no. Not worshiping no golden calves. Don't don't worship no other god but our God. Hallelujah. And and so he said 3,000 people died. Say what a sad day. 3,000 Israelites died. They broke the law before it was ever given. But does that specific number 3000 ring a bell for you? Now, this is what they saying. It says, "Let's look at the new covenant scriptures to see what happened on the 50th day after first fruits in Jerusalem during the first century." Well, they took us to Acts chapter 2. I don't have time to read it all. I'm out of time, but I'm giving you where you can go find it. And you know what happened when the when when when the Jubilee Because brother Brandham called it a Pentecostal jubilee. And Jesus was actually letting them know this was coming. When he when he said he said, "The spirit of the Lord's upon me and has anointed me to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." He was letting them know a jubilee is coming. Freeing them from churchity, freeing them from organization, freeing them from the wrong thoughts about what the kingdom of God was, freeing them from all of these things. Hallelujah. We've been freed from the same stuff. We were free from denominational thinking. Amen. We were free from what the bishop had to say. We were free from a lot of Amen. We're free from people that were doing things against the scripture. We could go. We heard a Jubilee trumpet sound. We went back to the word for ourself. Amen. And we do things that are based on the word of God. Amen. He says Holy Spirit poured out in such a way on the day of Pentecost. The very first time that the Holy Ghost fell. And when it fell, uh, man, people were were were were hearing, uh, hearing the 120 speak in their own native languages. The tongues were going forth. You talking about a Jubilee speaking in tongues going, they heard in their own native languages. And and uh, and people just begin to ask qu what what must I do to be saved? You know what? What what do they have to do? And Peter, stand up said, repent every one of you. Be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Right? It says, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. the promises unto you, to your children, those that are far off, as many as the Lord our God shall call. I like that scripture because over in in in in um was that Deuteronomy where we read from just now? Yeah. That they was they was your children were blessed because you were following. Yes, sir. Do you realize that if I'm baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. All I got to do is just look at my child. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. I ain't going to fuss with him. I ain't going to argue with him because it told me that if I was baptized. Then it said the promise is unto me. Ain't got nothing to do with you. It's my promise. And all I'm all I'm saying, did you come from my [Applause] womb? Amen. [Applause] You can just you can you can drop the mic and just tell did they come from me, Satan? Did they come? You tell me what is their their their bi biological line or whatever. You you tell me how it flow. And then when you really think about it, think about all you went through to give birth to that child. how the devil fought you during your pregnancy. Huh? He fought you during your pregnancy and now he's fighting you after the child and come forward. But God gave me a promise. And since God gave me a promise, I ain't even got to do no fighting. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. When when the day of Pentecostal happened and God poured out God poured out in a supernatural way and and that was not just for the day of Pentecost. That is something that's supposed to be going from from that time to this time. Amen. We're supposed to be expecting the same experience of Pentecost and the same life of Pentecost. Amen. And that's why brother Rand say Pentecost is not a denomination. Pentecost is an experience. That's it. Oh my my my my. Pentecost was a release. Pentecost was a jubilee. Brother. Glory to God. Amen. And there are promises that come at the time of the jubilee. One of those promises that come is you supposed to receive your children. Hallelujah. Amen. Now remember, Lord. Amen. If Yeah. You caught the devil stealing your child double. Give it back. I I'm I'm taking double. These are my promises. All right. Amen. Amen. But on the day of Pentecost, after all that happened, Amen. the Bible actually tells us that about 3,000 souls Mhm. got saved. So when Moses got the law and no, I'm sorry. So 50 days after they come out of Egypt, Moses got the law. Now it seemed like that law would be a jubilee. And it is. It's it's to help you live. Right. Right. Right. The problem is they just didn't have nothing in them to to keep them. That's right. That's why they would bring their sacrifice and they'd offer it to God and then they would it would it would it would it would cleanse them for, you know, for that day or whatever, but soon as they gave the sacrifice right back out to sinning the same old way that they just you just offered that and they would only do it once a year. So the rest of the year they were sinning like crazy. But see, God didn't want a relationship like that with people. God wanted to set you free once and for all and you never go back to that lifestyle again. Exactly. And the only time you can go free for from a lifestyle like that is when you hear a jubilee trumpet. Amen. Amen. If you walking away from an ungodly relationship, you don't owe that person no explanation. Amen. You just left me. Yeah. It's it's a jubilee. In the jubilee, you don't have to tell the boss. Let me let me put it this way. You don't give the boss no resignation letter at a jubilee. No. No. Amen. I'm giving you my two week notice. No. No. You There is no notice at all. I'm going tell you heard the same sound that I heard. You heard it. When that when that priest began to blow that trumpet, you know what that means? I don't care what I'm in the middle of doing. Amen. I had a I had a friend of mine tell me one time he says uh he come home from the military and uh and he was trying to get some work and he got hired by a lawn care company and uh he say uh he say he say he um he was there working and um and they had to get a tree moved and planted and put somewhere and just him and this guy. So the guy um the boss you know yelled out to him say hey man we got to get that tree over there say okay all right so he went to try to move that tree he really couldn't do it the boss yelled at him say come on man put your back into it say when he heard it he says uh there's two of us out here and u one is yelling put your back into it right and the other is actually putting his back into it you say Which one you think getting paid the most? Right. He say the one that's yelling put your back into it is the one that's getting paid the most. I don't want to be the guy that's putting my back into it. I'd rather be the guy yelling, put your back into it. Amen. You You The devil been telling y'all for a long time, put your back into it. No, you ain't going to tell me no more. I'mma make you put your back into it. Amen. Brother, this is Jubilee. You ain't yelling at me no more. That tree ain't going to get planted today. Not by me anyway. I'm going back to my house. I'm going back to my land. I'm going back. Praise God. That everything God had for me. Everything I lost, I'm going back to it. I heard the Jubilee trumpet. Amen. Let me They They said this. There you have it. When the law was given, 3,000 people died. But when the Holy Spirit was given, 3,000 people were saved. Amen. Says, "Isn't that the case? The law brings death only because none of us can keep it. But Jesus brings life. The law law gave us good, but it was given externally. Our sin nature caused us to break his good law. But in Jesus, the spirit of God gives us new gives us a new heart so that we can live a godly life and not break his law. And that's exactly what Ezekiel prophesied. I give you a new heart. I give you a new spirit. And then in the middle of all that, I'm going to put my Holy Spirit there. And the reason you're getting the Holy Spirit is so you can you can keep his word. Amen. And the reason he gave you a new spirit is so that you can get along with the Holy Spirit when it comes. Hallelujah. Amen. Look, and Jesus said he was I mean, brother Ram said that Jesus was telling them about this great gush of Pentecost because that was a jubilee and we're still under that great gusher, that jubilee of Pentecost. May God continue to pour out his spirit. Amen. give us more love for him and desire to live for him and and to walk in his statutes. Come out here this morning. I'm listening to the saints worshiping and praising God. I'm like, "Well, praise God." It's good to hear people when they free, they sing. Amen. You know, the uh David wrote a song uh a psalm. He says, "How can we sing?" Right? Yeah. Right. When we're in a strange land and then commission picked it up, huh? When we're in a strange land in the midst of adversity, right? And cuz it's it's hard to sing when you're in bondage. Lord, it's hard to do anything when you're in bondage. But when the Jubilee trumpet sound, Amen, man, your song returns. Amen. Your inspiration returns. Your love for God returns. Oh, I I I can't go no further. I can't go no further. My God. My God. My God. Let me just put a line there. I'll stop there and we'll pick it up again. Amen. And go from there. Amen. Amen. Amen. them them the the the that feast of weeks, that feast of Pentecost is going to lead us into something else because that is also connected to the sixth trumpet. That's where I want to go and I can't talk about it today, but I say God bless you. Amen. Amen. Thank God for your spirit and truth. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Let us have a word of prayer. Amen. And um um Sister Tada have to come back to the piano and uh y'all y'all have some church in here. We can we can we can we can we can celebrate a little bit. Amen. Let let's pray. Church. Father, we're grateful for the word of the Lord. Lord, uh, your prophet just brought so much to us that we could take a hold of and and, um, glean. Lord, help us to see exactly where we are, that we don't have to live beneath our privileges that you have promised so much, just a overflow of blessings. Amen. if we would just be obedient. My God, I young people that might be looking for spouses. Lord, I believe this is a season where they can receive what they're looking for because they're obedient to the word of God. Couples that are looking for children. I believe this is a season that they can receive their blessings because of us following the word of God. Lord, those in their businesses that might have uh hit tough times because the Jubilee trumpet is sounding, they can expect an overflow of blessing. Father, there is so many areas that we look at and even sometimes we we we might forget some areas, but God, we we just ask that you would move in every area of our life. Yes, Lord. Lord, let the overflow, God, just begin to overtake us. And I know many are seeing it, Father. And not just spirit, I mean, not just a natural overflow, but God, let there be a spiritual overflow which happened on the day of Pentecost. They had experienced something that had never been experienced before. Lord, may that also happen, Father, in our midst that we would see the gifts of God manifested and Lord, not not just uh in uh unclean vessels, but Father, vessels that are committed and dedicated to your service, Father, people that you can have your will and your way in. Lord, we want to be those type of people, Father. We trust, oh God, that you would you would have your way, Father, here in Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. May you continue to direct us. May you continue to lead us. May you continue to guide us. And you promised us in your word according to uh Joel, you said, Father, that um Lord, that we would eat in plenty and be satisfied. And Father, you're doing exactly that in our midst. So we thank you for what you're doing. Your word is being made manifest right before our very eyes. God, we love you. We praise you. We thank you. It's in Jesus' name that we pray. Amen. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Can we go back to that? I trust in God. Yeah. Let's Let's go back there. [Music] Who will never fail. Say, "I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail." Say, "I trust in God, my savior, the one. He will never fail. He will never [Applause] fail. Blessed [Music] asssurance, Jesus is mine. [Music] He's been my fourth man in the fire. Time after time, we're born of his spirit. Oh, washed in his [Applause] blood. And what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. Say, "I trust in God." Hallelujah. My savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. Say, "I trust in God. Oh my savior, you're the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Perfect submission. Yes, Lord. All is rest. I know the offer of tomorrow is all in mystead. So this is my story. Yes, Lord. This is my song. [Music] all day long. Say, "I trust in God." Will you stand with me? My savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Say, "I trust in God. Oh my savior, the one who will never he will never fail. Say, I sought the Lord. I sought the Lord and he heard. I sought the Lord. [Music] He heard my prayer. [Applause] Hey, that's why I trust him. That's why I saw the Lord. Say, I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. That's why. That's why I saw the Lord. Yeah, I saw the Lord. He heard my [Music] plea. That's why That's why I trust in God. My savior, the one you'll never fail. You'll never fail. I trust him. Yes, I do. He's the one. [Music] fail. He will never fail. Say, I trust in God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wow. You brought me through this and you brought me through that. Lord, I'm grateful. Hallelujah to you. Come on, let's take it. Say, you brought me through this. Yes, you did, Lord. and you brought me through that day. Say, "Lord, I'm grateful to you." Come on, let's sing like this. You made a way. Hallelujah. Out of nowhere. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, I'm grateful. to you. Come on. You open doors. You open doors that were closing my way. Yes, Lord. And Lord, I'm grateful to you. You broke me through. Yes, you did. Lord, Lord, I'm [Music] grateful to you. Come on, say it again. You brought me through and you brought me through that. Oh, I'm grateful to you. Come on, say it again. Oh, and you brought me through that. Yes, Lord. Lord, I'm grateful. Lord, I'm grateful. Say, Lord, I'm grateful. Lord, I'm grateful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm grateful to you. To you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I am free. No longer bound. I'm free. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Amen. Father God, it was so good to be in the house of the Lord. So good to be amongst believers, Lord. Yes. Lord, so good, Lord, to have a man of God that would yield to you that you can speak to your people. And I'm so glad, Lord God, that we can believe. Father, thank you for the many blessings that we have received just in this service, Lord. A word of encouragement, Lord. A liberating spirit, Lord, that has liberated us from those things that had us bound, Lord. Father, we thank you so much for your grace and your mercy, your love, and your favor, Lord Jesus. Your word says so. Father, as we prepare to leave this place, Lord God, be with your people. Keep each one, Lord, bless, Lord, our sisters, Lord, as they continue in their vacation, Lord. Bless brother and sister Tate, Lord Jesus. We're so grateful that they came amongst us, Lord, our precious brothers and sisters. And I pray that they are blessed, Lord God. We know that we are blessed. So, Father God, we pray for our pastor, Lord Jesus. He gave of himself, Lord Jesus. He yielded his vessel that you may speak through him to us. Lord, strengthen him, Lord Jesus. Bless everything he puts his hands to. Lord, bless everything your people put their hands to. Go before each one and make their way prosperous, Lord God, we pray. We love you. We praise you and thank you. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You all may have your seats. Uh, Brother Jack is going to step back out for a second. He wanted to mention something to you. Amen.
