################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Resurrection of the Bride - Bro Jack Duff (04-20-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    Resurrection of the Bride - Bro Jack Duff (04-20-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRmyNQfNyvI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] N why your He's not dead. Oh, [Music] don't we? He's not a sweet. I hold up. He's not dead. Don't you cry. Dry your eyes. I will dry your eyes. Oh, he's not dead. He's not dead. Oh, don't you wait. No, don't you wait. He's not asleep. Jehovah, he's not dead. [Music] Don't cry. Come on. Try your eyes. Come on. Say he he's not dead. Oh, don't you weep. He's not a sweet Jehovah. He is not dead. Oh, don't you cry. Oh, dry your eyes. for he is not dead. Oh, don't you we not Jehovah. He is not dead. Say, "Oh, don't cry." Oh, why your eyes? Oh, he is not dead. Oh, don't do we He is not asleep. Well, Jehovah, he is not. Come on, one more time. Say, "Oh, don't you cry. Oh, wipe your eyes. for he is not dead. Oh, don't you we is not asleep. Jehovah, he is not dead. Oh, you cry. Well, wipe your eyes. For he is not dead. Don't you weep. He is not a sleep. Jehovah, he is not dead. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is risen. He is risen. Hallelujah. He said, "All power in heaven and earth is given unto me." Amen. Amen. Amen. Jesus rose with all power in his hand. Amen. He can heal. He can save. He can deliver. He can do whatever you have need of. Amen. So, you ought to raise your expectation of what you come to church for this morning. Amen. We want to see the Lord move. Praise the Lord. Amen. Grab your Bibles. Let's open up to Matthew 27. Going to read a little portion of the scripture. Then we going to ask brother Steven to come and open the service with a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Good to see brother Steven and sister Rachel always. Amen. We really miss y'all. Praise the Lord. We're going to start at verse 45. [Music] It says, "Now from the sixth hour there was darkness all over the land until the 9inth hour. And about the 9inth hour, Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, Lama Bethani." That is to say, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" Some of them that stood stood there when they heard that said, "This man calleth for Elias." And straightway one of them ran and took a sponge and filled it with vinegar and put it on a reed and gave him to drink. The rest said, "Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him." Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost. And behold, the veil of the temple was rent and twain from top to the bottom. And the earth did quake, and the rocks rent, and the graves were open. And many bodies of the saints which slept arose and came out of the graves after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. Amen. One day the dead in Christ will rise. We're looking for that time. Amen. We will be caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. God bless you Stephen. Let us all bow. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you for this time, Lord God, to come together again, Lord God, to praise and worship your name, Lord God, knowing what you did 2,000 years ago, Lord God, when you rose on that Sunday morning, Lord God, we just thank you for all that you've done, Lord God. Lord, we thank you for the remission of our sins, Lord God. Lord, we thank you for your stripes that we are healed, Lord God. And Lord, we just thank you for all that you've given, Lord God. Lord, the price that you paid for us, Lord God. Lord, we just ask Lord God, Lord, as this day goes forth, Lord, that you get all the praise, worship, and glory from everything that we do, Lord God. Lord, as the word comes forth today, Lord God, Lord, let it continue to change hearts, change minds, Lord God, to renew our spirits, Lord God. And Lord, we ask, Lord God, as the songs go forth, Lord God, that it creates an atmosphere that's pleasing unto you, Lord God, that you may come down and be with us this morning, Lord. Lord, we ask these things in Jesus mighty name. Amen. And amen. God bless you, brother. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have won the victory. Say hallelujah. You have won it all for me and death could not hold you down. No Lord, you are the risen [Music] king and you're seated in mesty. Oh Lord, Lord, you are the reason king. Death could not hold you. Oh Lord, you [Music] are seated in mesty. Seated in majesty. [Music] Oh, say you are the risen king. Sing [Music] halleluah. Hallelu. You have won the victory. [Music] Oh, sing hallelujah. You want it all for me. And death could not hold you. [Music] Oh, you are the risen king and you're seated in majesty. Oh, you are you are the ris king. Oh, death could not hold you. Oh, you are the ris king. Hey, and you seated in majesty. Oh Lord, you are the risen king. One more time. Death could not hold you. You are the ris king and you're seated in [Music] mesty. Lord, you are the risen king. The ris king. uphold you. The velour before you. You silence the voice of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory for you are raised to life. You have no rival. Have no rival. You have no equal now and for the God you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is a name above. What a powerful name. Hey, what a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name. Nothing can stand again. What a powerful name the name. What a powerful name. Oh, you're powerful. Oh, is powerful. The name of Jesus. The name of Jesus. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name. What a powerful name. What a powerful name. Oh, the name of Jesus. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name. The name of Jes. What a powerful name. Oh, by your spirit I will rise from the ashes of defeat. The resurrected king is resurrecting me. In your name I come alive to declare your victory. The resurrected king is red by your spirit. [Music] The ashes of oh the resurrect is resurrecting me. Hey in your spirit I will write to declare the resurrected king is resurrect. [Music] The resurrected king is resurrecting me. The resurrected king is resurrecting. One more time. The resurrected king is resurrecting me. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he leaves. He leaves. All fear is gone. [Music] fear is gone. And because I know I know my God holds my future. Yeah. Yeah. My future. My life. My life. Time is worth the living just because he lives. Oh, because he lives. Hey, I can face tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. Because he lives all fear is gone. It is gone. Oh come. I know. I know. He holds my future. Hey, and my life is worth my life is worth the living because he lives. Hey, hey, because he liv I can. Oh my. Oh, because Oh, [Music] because And I know. I know. I know. He holds my future. My life, my life is worth the living. And life is [Music] worth. And life is worth. My life. Your life. My life is worth. Life is worth living. And life is worth. And life is worth. Yes, it is. And life is worth. Oh my. Life is worth. And life is worth. Life is worth. are living just because [Music] he Oh, my God lives. Our god [Music] lives. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my the livingers because he live in life. Oh, and life is worth the [Applause] living because he lives. Oh, and [Music] life. He were the living because Jesus lives. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He came that you might have life and have it more abundantly. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. You can take your seats. We're going to invite the Sunday school choir to come up. Praise the Lord. They have a little something something for us this morning. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] When darkness veiled the sky, that day that Jesus died in upon the bitter cross. They took his body down and laid it in a tomb. His friends believed that everything was lost. The darkness turned to light. For Mary heard her name and sought the living cries. Wizard to set the captains free. ris to answer you and me to bind up every broken heart to conquer death and sin. Wisdom to bring us all again. Amen. Amen. for hope was born when Jesus rose that day. used to be. Remember the love he had for all his stories. [Music] Praise his holy name to see the living God. to set the captives free. to ransom you and me. on every to death and reason to bring us [Music] [Music] [Music] R to set the captive [Music] free. To ransom you and me to bind up every broken heart to conquer death and sin. [Music] ris to bring us home again. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] It looks like we still going to have some of the best Florida coming from South. Best singers coming from South Florida. South Florida produces some singers. Amen. Amen. God bless you young people. Amen. We really appreciate that. Amen. All these singers you see around here, they did that when they were young. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Abby, God bless you. Will you come? God bless you. Um, so the song's in Spanish. Warning, poor warning. Um, but it's about like when how how it would be how you would feel how I would feel when to live without God. Where would I be when he's not there? Um, and if he's the fire that burns inside, I want to feel him more. [Music] [Music] Fore flowers. Are you the man? [Music] for more. [Music] [Music] I don't need your I don't need your I don't need it. [Music] [Music] [Music] Foreless. [Music] [Music] for [Music] my heart. Are you the man? I don't need your lon. [Music] [Music] [Music] Always I don't [Music] in your eyes to the Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Well, now [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I didn't understand one word of that. But you can feel it. That's right. That's right. Amen. God bless you, sister. Amen. [Applause] My God. Amen. I I've always Do you know that song? Do you know that song? Oh, you learned it this morning. I said, "Wow, how she picked that up. I always wanted to play, but I didn't know she could play in Spanish. God bless you, Sister Rachel. She very [Music] gifted. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. That was beautiful. Amen. Praise the Lord. We don't have any uh written. Yes, we do. I'm sorry. I have one right here. But we want to pray for Brother Troy and Sister Tanya, Brother Jimmy, Sister Vera, as they travel. Brother Troy in the saddle up in Indiana preaching the word of God on Easter morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. They calling for the deacon. Amen. To come minister the gospel. Amen. Ple brother uh brother Jose says please pray for brother Mark. He is feeling very bad this morning. So we definitely want to keep brother Mark in prayer. Amen. You know, I I was thinking this morning, you know, we haven't heard from our pastor in a while, but for him to open the pull pit, he could be very selfish, but he uses every one of these brothers, six more brothers to preach the gospel. He allows a lot of other brothers to come and preach. And he could be very selfish, but to have a self selfless heart like that, it just it blows my mind sometime to think about, you know, how the Holy Ghost just moves on. He'll have the right brother at the right time to bring us exactly what we need. And I'm grateful for our pastor. I I [Applause] The Lord must really love us to give us a pastor like him. Amen. So, we want to pray for our pastor this morning and all of our ministering brothers. Keep each one in prayer. Smite the shepherd and the sheep will be scattered. They have a big target on their backs, on their chest, wherever. Satan wants to hit each one of them. And normally, he'll use the family. Yes. So pray for our brothers. Amen. May I have the announcements? Praise the Lord. On Friday be brother Cable's birthday. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Just like he'll be 25. Praise the Lord. God bless. You receive that, brother. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Capers. Amen. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. You can find us on Facebook at SAT Tabernacle, on our church's website, john423.org. We have brother's virtual prayer Tuesday, Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. And we have a special guest speaker Sunday, May 18th. Brother George Smith will be here. If you don't know, Brother George, that's Brother Brandham's son-in-law. So, he will be here uh on May 18th. Then we have our Memorial Day church picnic. That'll be Monday, May 26. Is that going to be at Hill Park again? Be at Hill Park. So May 26 will be the church's picnic. Amen. Then upcoming service, Jesus Christ Tabernacle Youth and Family Camp is coming up June 5th through the 8th. Registration ends May 8th. You can find them at jctctamp.com. Then our meetings are coming up. I will restore, sayeth the Lord is a theme. Um it'll be July 25th through the 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens. And then the South Florida choir rehearsals, they're coming up. The first one will be May 17th. Then May 31st, June 14th and June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th. Who? At 6, I'm sorry. Okay. and it'll be at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach. Please, if you desire to be a part of the choir, don't come at the service. Thinking you're going to sing if you haven't been to the rehearsals. Oh my, that's good. That's right. All right. Please come be a part of these rehearsals. We want to sound good. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. That's right. If you can't sing, we can hide your voice. We'll work with you. We'll work with you. Sister Erica, we might be vetting. Amen. So, hey, pray. Remember, please try and make it to the rehearsals if you want to be a part of that. As for our giving, we have a wooden box in the back. You can uh place your giving in there. Um online, we have three ways of giving. Zel is our pref preferred method. Uh the email address you would use for both zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. Cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t. And uh for those who desire to mail in your giving PO box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Father, we thank you so much, Lord, for your amazing grace, Lord, upon our lives, Lord, that we can gather together this resurrection morning, Lord. Father, to honor what you did at when you raised Jesus Christ from the dead. And Father, as the prophet said, what a great resurrection that was. But what a great resurrection this is. Lord, we shall be changed one day from inside out. Lord, so the resurrection and rapture has already begun in us and we're so grateful. Father, we want to pray for brother Troy this morning as he prepares his heart, Lord, to minister the word to the people. Father, help our brother to get himself out of the way, Lord, and use him, Lord, as only you can. Oh, Father, you are the speaker, Lord. He's the vessel you desire to speak through. So use him, Lord. Use our pastor, Lord. bless his heart, Lord, for all that he does, the sacrifices he make for this people, Lord Jesus. We we're very grateful for him. And we just pray, oh God, that you help him to get himself out of the way and use him mightily, Lord Jesus, to to speak to us. Father, Brother Mark needs you. Father, he needs a touch in his body. Yes, Lord. Father, how he longs and love to be in church and worship and fellowship with the saints in your presence, Lord. And father, he's homesick. Lord, no doubt he would be here, Lord Jesus, if it wasn't a a a very sore sickness, Father. So, we just move. Ask that you move upon him. Yes, Lord. Touch his body in a mighty way. Yes, Lord. Oh, Father, we're not looking for you to heal him down the road, but you're the everpresent God. Amen. You are the I am, the healer, Lord Jesus. And we ask that you do it even now. And Father, we would rejoice if we see him walking through these doors shortly, Lord. Yes, Lord. And Father, we want to pray over the giving. Thank you for the blessings, Lord. Thank you for always providing for your people, meeting your needs, and doing the exceeding abundantly above all we can ask or think. Father, we give back unto you, Lord, this portion of our worship, Lord, asking that you receive it, Lord, as we come according to your word. Jesus, we thank you for the pres the promises that's associated with it, Lord. Oh, Father, and we expect you to move. Thank you, dear God. We ask your blessings now upon the remainder of the service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Bernice, will you come this morning? God bless you. [Applause] [Music] God made this world and all therein. He knew that man would fall to [Music] sin, but he redeemed. He paved the way all because he knew you and I would be here today. He was thinking of you. He was thinking of me. We were in his mind. He brought us into time because he wanted to show just how much he loved us so. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Yes. For thinking of me. Amen. Oh, what a privilege there ever could be. You see such a one considered me. That's why I worship him. I give him praise. Glory. Hallelujah. It's his amazing grace. He was thinking, he was, you know, we were He brought us He brought us because just how much he loved He loved He loved us so. Thank you Jesus for thinking of me. God made this world and all there in he knew that men were fall to sin. But he redeemed. He paid the way. Oh, because he knew you and I would be here today. He was He was You know who we were. He brought us He brought us into time. [Music] Just how much he loved. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for thinking of me. [Music] Oh, what a privilege there ever could be. Yes. That the Lord Jesus, you know, he chose me. That's why I worship him. I give him praise. Glory. Hallelujah. It's his amazing amazing amazing amazing grace cuz he was he was you know we were in his in his mind. He brought us into kind because He wanted to show just how much he loved us. He loved us. He loved us. He loved us so thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you Jesus. Yes. Thank you, Jesus, for taking of me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, I glory to his name. Hallelujah. Thank you. I don't believe I have a a favorite singer outside this sanctuary, but Fred Hannah, but so many voices in this place. Amen. I can listen to all. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, Sister Bernice. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he was thinking of you? Because he thought of you, he stayed on that cross. He could have come down, but he knew that you would be lost. Amen. Amen. When he was hanging on that cross, he fulfilled what those magi, the gifts that they brought, deity and service to die. Amen. When he said it was finished, that word was fulfilled. Amen. but he rose with all power. So, we're going to ask you to stand to your feet and we're going to sing about the one they were talking about, this great Emmanuel. And we're going to ask our pastor to come forth. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] down. Let's worship and adore him. [Music] that worship and adore him. Emmanuel. Oh, Emmanuel is Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. [Music] We worship you. We worship you. We worship. Come on, say we worship. We worship. One more time. We worship. [Music] kneel down. Deal down. Hey, let's worship and adore him. We say come. [Music] kneel [Music] down. Let's worship and adore him. Come on, help me say Emmanuel. He's a king of kings and lord. He Emmanuel. Emmanuel. [Music] Emmanuel. Emmanuel. King of Lord. [Music] Let's break it up [Music] some everybody. All right. Hallelujah. Come on. Bring it up again. Sounds real good. [Music] Emmanuel, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. God with us. Oh, Emmanuel. Emmanuel. One more time. Emmanuel, we worship you God. We give you the praise. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. We worship. We worship you. We worship you. Oh, we worship you one more time. We worship you. We worship you. Come on, give him glory and honor and praise. Somebody give him glory and honor and praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. My God. My God. Why don't you just turn around and greet somebody? Say, "Happy Easter." Happy Easter. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank y'all. Amen. Appreciate the musicians. Amen. On today. Good to have Sister Rachel. Amen. At home. Praise the Lord. Brother Steven at home. Thank God for them. Amen. God is good. Amen. What an awesome God we serve. Amen. Uh y'all sounded like a real good choir. And uh I know if uh we don't get no other voices, we got enough. And uh I I I appreciate appreciate that. But I I did want to say, please don't surprise me at rehearsal if you ain't singing here. And before you come to rehearsal, you need to have a talk with me. Amen. All right. All right. Don't surprise me. I I'm one I don't like surprises. You can ask my wife. I just don't like them. They make me feel very uncomfortable. Amen. So, please don't surprise me. But if you want to sing, I want you to sing. I just require one thing. You got to have a life. Amen. You got to live right. You got to forsake the things of the world. Amen. And follow Christ. Is that all right? All right. All right. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. While y'all standing, we're going to read a scripture. Amen. We wish everyone a happy Easter. Uh John uh 14 is where I want to go. I also want to say thank the Lord for brother Jerry on Friday night. Hallelujah. Uh we had a good Friday service and brother was laying it down in here and you know I know we kind of went over time but the one thing that that I was back there in my heart rejoicing over him. Um brother Jerry has always been one. He kind of come and he be gone. But on Sunday, he had a I mean on Friday he had a a he had a a a boatload. And I say, "Praise God." But the way he was working with Basheba, I say, "What brother, my notebook is full?" But that was just wonderful. Wonderful. We We really appreciate Amen. him getting himself out of the way. Amen. Um this morning um uh we will read from John 14:9. And I will just uh warn you. Um I know uh many are here for Easter. We we we certainly going to talk a little bit about uh our Lord and Savior and what he did. Uh but you know there was a a greater work in Easter uh that I hope we can see today. Amen. And then and and p what that what that greater work was is that you would have a personal Easter. It's not just about him and what happened 2,000 years ago, but he's trying to bring you forth from the dead. Amen. All right. So, let us read this uh passage of scripture. I'll read two two two uh verses here. Uh John 14:9 and also Revelation 3:1 is what we'll read. I'm sorry. John 14:19 um uh 14:19. I'm sorry. I I I wrote that wrong. Uh should be John 14:19. Um and the Bible says, "Yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye see me." This is personal. Ye see me. Uh because I live, ye shall live also. And and and brother Brandham tells us that this particular word, amen, is to his church, to the disciples, or let me also say to the bride. Amen. Because I live, ye shall live also. Also over here in Revelation uh 3 and 1 uh we'll just read one verse here and um by the help of the Holy Spirit be able to tie all this together. It says, "And unto the angel of the church in Sardis, write these things saith he that hath the seven spirits of God and the seven stars. I know thy works, that thou hast a name, that thou livest. You have a name that you live." But the scripture declares and Jesus himself is written and read. It says that thou livest and art dead. Amen. Praise God. So let's pray over the word. Father, we are grateful for the ability to assemble and uh how blessed we are uh to be here in the sanctuary today. Thank you for every uh uh son and daughter of God that is coming to the house of God. Um as I looked around and saw different people thinking about uh basketball practice on Easter Sunday, I I'm very appreciative of people that think about the Lord Jesus on Easter Sunday. And uh just ask God that you bless our gathering. Help us to hear what you would have us to hear. Uh we also ask that you bless those that will be joining this stream and hearing the word of God. May they be quickened uh by the word and may it come alive in each and every one of our hearts. We give you the glory, the honor and the praise in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Uh let me also mention that I do really appreciate uh the specials that went forth. We uh thank God for our Sunday school class. I believe Sister Shondaanda uh got them together and and got that song together. So, we really appreciate them. That was a blessing. Amen. To hear them. Praise the Lord. Amen. We need to get y'all singing some more songs. Amen. But we we thank God for them. And uh also I heard Sister Abby, I believe she wrote a song and um you you didn't write it. Okay. I'm glad you're not taking credit for it. Amen. But it's still a good song. We really enjoyed that, uh, Sister Sister Abby. And and that's the the beauty of music. Amen. It is a universal language. Amen. And I believe Sister Rachel tapped into the universal language and just picked it up and played it. So, we thank God for for that. And Sister Bernice, we always thank God for uh for her. and you know and just um I think there were a couple songs one from sister Bernice and then also um brother Solomon was in a medley um earlier and I I I should have wrote the words down uh but um there was a song um it was talking about something about us um resurrecting me. He's resurrecting me. There it is. Thank you very much. And uh so those two songs were right in line with the thought that I had for this morning. Uh our title is Resurrection for the Bride. Amen. Resurrection for the bride. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. So, uh being that it's Easter, I'm going to take just a little extra time, amen, today than I normally do. uh but I want to make sure that we get this thought across uh to you. Uh I was looking at a few things and one um particular statement that uh God's prophet made it he talked about three being the number of life. Amen. Three the number three is the number of life. And uh he uses Genesis 1 11-13 in order to uh um justify that statement that three is a number of life. And here in Genesis 1 verse 11 through13 it says and God said let the earth bring forth grass uh the the herb yielding seed and the fruit tree yielding fruit after its kind whose seed is in itself upon the earth. And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And notice this, and the evening and the morning were the third day. Amen. So when we go back and look at a creation uh story there on the third day, there was life coming forth. And uh and if if we can just kind of uh uh uh uh just think about this at a greater uh level. It wasn't God was speaking something significant. Amen. On that third day in Genesis because later on on the third day, Jesus would come forth. Hallelujah. Jesus rose on that third day. And we're grateful. That's why we're gathered here this morning. Uh so so as we look at this, amen. Um as I as I as I told you, it's not going to be traditional because the traditional stories that talk about what Christ, Amen, did on that third day. And and and that that story could never get old. And I never I never get tired of telling it to people. Amen. Because that's what makes me a Christian. Amen. and and and as I as I've always stated, uh had Jesus not done what he did, then Christianity would be just like any other religion. But because Jesus rose and and and and he told people, it says, "Now now you you you destroy this temple, but in 3 days I'm going to raise it up again." And then he also tell people say, "You can't take my life. I got power to lay it down." That's right. Not only that, I mean a man speaking these words. I ain't got power just to lay it down. I got power to pick it up again. And when Jesus rose on the third day, he proved all those things that he said. That's what separates Christianity from any other faith. It's because of what Jesus did. Hallelujah. Amen. How do we know he's alive? Because he lives inside of us. Not only does he live in us, but the same things he did back then while he was on earth, he is still doing today, proving that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. So, you know, uh that that certainly we we will talk a little bit about that, but the my my my focus and my attention is on you today. Amen. The resurrection. Amen. For the bride. Now, I want to just uh read a a a very small part of this quote. Uh I'm going to get to the whole quote later on, but this is coming out of restoration of the bride tree and and and and I put uh there um uh I believe resurrection for the bride. If you just pull up that one sentence, that's really all I want to read uh in this quote. And uh and then you'll see where where we're getting this thought from. So he says um after he says, "All uh all that I promise the same Holy Spirit will bring bear the same signs. I'll having an Easter. This is God. All right. I'll have an Easter, a resurrection for the bride, the same as I had for the bridegroom. The Lord himself said, I'm going to have an Easter, a resurrection for the bride the same as I had for the bridegroom. Now, now you can take that down. And I want us to just really try to try to uh unpack this today if I can. you know, the when a a prophet comes on the scene and he makes comments like this, amen, in in sermons and and um you know, he just kind of takes us to a furtherance of the story of Easter. And uh and and here he's saying we're going to have a resurrection for the bride the same as we had a resurrection for the bridegroom. So, so today my attention is to focus on the bride. Now, I have four questions that I want to try to answer. The first is who is the bride? Right? Who is the bride? You know, everybody claim they bride, but who really is the bride? Amen. The second question I want to try to answer is what are her characteristics? Amen. The the the third question is where did they bury her? Right? Where did they bury this bride? If if he say he going to have a resurrection for the bride, where did they bury her? All right. Amen. And uh and the other thing that we want to we want to if he says that there's going to be a resurrection for the bride the same as the bridegroom, we want to know how does she receive a resurrection? Praise the Lord. Is that okay? Let me give you the four questions again. Who is the bride? What are her characteristics? Where did they bury her? And how does she receive a resurrection? All right, let's go on. And I want to read from the message indictment as we uh take our journey this morning. Uh here you know brother Brandon makes a statement again. Now watch these these prophetic statements if I can just put it that way. They prophetic. He says compare. Look at this now. He says compare the two Calvaries. What? Wait a minute. We we aware of one Calvary. But a prophet goes to the pulpit and he makes a statement. God bless you, brother Jeffrey. I forgot to mention you. Good to see you, brother. Uh but he says, "Compare the two Calvaries." Now, watch this. Let's go on a little further. He says, "And um and their accusation, remember, because he had made himself God, we will not have this man rule over us." Amen. What was the accusation that they could find in the in the council that morning when they crucified Jesus that he made himself God? He was God and he broke the Sabbath and he was the Lord of the Sabbath. They condemned him because that he made himself God. You have no right to do this. You have no right. Our high priest if anything is coming. Amen. Come through our h through our priests. Now compare that with Calvary today. So when he's talking about two Calvaries, he's talking about the Calvary that happened some 2,000 years ago. But he also said there was another Calvary that happened today. Oh, glory to God. Amen. He says when God so pleased the father, the spirit to raise up his own son, overshadowed the uh the Mary by the Holy Spirit and brought forth a body that could serve him and serve his purpose. Amen. Uhhuh. To he the God was in Christ the fullness of the Godhead bodily in him reflecting what God was to the people letting the whole world know what God wanted each individual to be a son and daughter. He took one man and did it. And because that he didn't join with their organizational ranks they condemned him and crucified him. That was the first Calvary. But let's go on. He says, "Now compare that Calvary, Amen, with today." He says, "Because of organizational prejudice," Amen. Because of indifference between scholars who ought to know God's word and plan, because of this, God can take a little group of people that he can work through somewhere and reflect itself who will humble themselves to the word and they cannot say it isn't so. Oh my. I love this. I love this. He goes on. He says, "They could not say he didn't do it, for their congregation was witness of it. It was before them. They couldn't deny it. They couldn't deny his claims because the very word that they said they believe was the one who had who who had proved that he was because God took the word that was supposed to be the Messiah and show it through a man and they had to get rid of him. It's the only Amen. And the only way they could go on was get rid of the Messiah. And they did it through blindness and ignorance. That's how they got rid of the Messiah. Through blindness and through ignorance. Regardless of their education, they were smart, intelligent, worldly speaking. He says, as we compare the other night, when the light struck the rich young ruler, look what he did. He rejected a smart man. Paul, another smart man, the light struck him. What did he do? He accepted it. Yeah. Yeah. Now, now, now, now, now, now, Brother Brandham is bringing us this little thought of two Calvaries and and what he's saying is that the same way that these the theologians or the I would say the the Sadducees and Pharisees of that day, they rejected the word as it came through Christ. Hallelujah. And the same thing happened today. When the word came through a prophet, people rejected the word, not realizing they put Christ on the cross again. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. All right. All right. All right. But not everybody put him on the cross. And that's why it says going to be a little a little group that can receive the word. And and and and and just through that little statement there, we already know who the bride is. She going to be a part of that little group that can receive the word. All right. All right. All right. Let me just make mention of this. resurrection of Christ generated many other resurrections. And um the Bible said in in in Matthew 27:52, don't have to worry about pulling up. He says many of the saints arose. The Bible said that at the time that Jesus rose again, many of the other saints arose. Uh also we we notice that uh Peter after uh the crucifixion, Peter himself was very discouraged. Amen. And and um and I mean Peter was on his way back to his old uh uh job. He wanted to go back and be a fisherman. But the Lord Jesus had to meet Peter. Amen. On the boat. And uh and when he met them met him on the shore there when he come and Peter like, "Oh Lord, I'm I'm out here. I'm not even dressed properly. I'm not even dressed properly." He grabbed a net and just wrapped himself in a net. I mean, this is the man that was I mean I mean he slept with Jesus. of saw all kind of miracles, walked on water, did all kind of things, but now he's so discouraged now. He not dressed properly. Hello, church. Right. But but but but but when the Lord comes to him, it says uh you know, he's breaking bread there with him and and cooking the fish. Already had it already cooked on the shore. And it says uh it says, "Now, Peter, feed my sheep. Do you love me, Peter? Do you love me?" Say, "Now, Lord, you know I love you." Well, why he why did he have to ask Peter that if he knew that he loved him? Well, Peter was discouraged. Now, I think on the inside he might have loved him, but but but with what he was going through, Amen. he wasn't really reflecting and showing that love. Let me just talk to you just for a moment. Sometimes people love God, but because of their trials, they're not reflecting and showing the love that they should show to God. Don't let your trials dry out your love. Amen. I I I like it the way Paul say, I'm fully persuaded that nothing present nor things to come. Hallelujah. Paul say not now I'm not not any other creature. He say nothing going to separate me from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus my Lord. You got to have a testimony like Paul. Every believer needs a testimony like that. I don't care what nobody do. You ain't going to take me from my God. Hallelujah. Come on somebody. Amen. But but but here Peter has this encounter with the Lord Jesus. And uh he says now Peter do you love me? Say yeah yeah. Okay you say you love me will feed my feed my feed my sheep. Then he said then he come back around and later on that conversation said Peter do you love me? Oh my Lord I just told you I love you. You you are you discerning something and not telling me? Said no. Well he say you love me uh Peter feed my lambs. This is the the the young ones. We got to feed them both the sheep and the lambs. And then he said, then he come back a third time, Peter, do you love me now? Father, now you know I love you. He said, if you love me, feed my sheep. Notice three times he had to do this because three is the number of life. Glory to God. These three times that he a and Peter right there. Amen. During this this this time period, especially when Jesus rose, there was another thing that happened to Peter. Um he told his when when he rose he gave word he said go tell my disciples and Peter that I meet him in Galilee and he had to call Peter's name specifically because he knew where Peter was in his spirit. God will call your name specifically when he knows where you are in your spirit. Go tell my disciples and Peter. Yes sir. Now, I'm going to tell you something. Peter might have tried to exclude himself as a disciple, but when Jesus makes a choice, amen, there is nothing nobody could do, you can't even do enough yourself to stop God's choice from being manifested in your life. He knew Peter would be the spokesman on the day of Pentecost. So, go tell my disciples and Peter. Yes, sir. Thank God for Peter receiving a resurrection in his spirit. Amen. The brothers on the road to Emmas, they also received a resurrection in their spirits. And I want to just tell you that you experienced a revel a resurrection when you're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Let us pick up a quick scripture here out of Romans 6. Brother Jerry had hit this on uh Friday night and I say I'll just kind of pick up there and just read it. But I want to let you know that you yourself you experience a resurrection when you are baptized. Romans 6:1 um and let me didn't put that in my notes here. So let me just grab it really quick. Uh Romans 6:1 says, "What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? Uh, God forbid, how shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? He says, uh, know ye not that so many of us were baptized into Jesus Christ, were baptized into his death? We're identified in his death. says, "Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also should walk in the newness of life." It says, "For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also in the likeness of uh we shall uh uh it says, let me say, for if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection." Now, I like these words because, you know, again, brother Brandham, you know, made the statement that uh uh uh uh I'll have an Easter resurrection for the bride. the same as I had for the bridegroom. I'm I'm God. I'm saying I'm gonna have myself an Easter. And you know, I'm reminded of a of I'm gonna keep reading there in a little bit, but I'm reminded of a a statement that the prophet used to make all the time. And he says, uh, in order to be a Christian, you have to be identified with those Bible characters. Hallelujah. Right. He he say he say I I was I I I'm identified with Abraham when he went up to offer Isaac. You know he's and he makes statements like this. I was there. Huh? You know I I was there when the Hebrew boys were being thrown into the fiery furnace. I I I remember it so so vividly. I was there. My God. When Daniel had to be thrown into the lion's den, I'm identified with these Bible characters. said, "I was there." And I believe, you know, we can just go a little further. Brother Jerry picked up Basheba. Amen. And and he brought out how she was a you lamb. A lamb is a is an animal that sacrifices itself. Had she turned down the king, she would have had a death sentence. It wasn't her out there trying to present herself. Amen. In some ungodly way. She was just doing what she needed to do as a woman. and and and so that the prophet when he describes her he says you are a are you lamb my God and and I believe the way that Amen brother Jerry was able to kind of go and bring all those things to us is because somehow he was there he can see it in scripture he can see how this thing was lined up glory to God sometimes God will quicken your spirit and he'll take you back to places hallelujah if you can just get around familiar places your spiritual amnesia will be broken. [Applause] I got to go a little further. But to be a Christian, my I'm identified with Moses when they crossed the Red Sea. I'm identified with all these different things that happened in the Old Testament. But I was also identified with Christ when they took him to Calvar's cross. Amen. And they put him in a grave for for three days and he rose again. He says, "I was there." Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we know this resurrection is real because we part of it. We were there. We saw it for our own selves. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He says this. He says in in in in Romans 6, for if ye have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also in the likeness of his we we we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection. We shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection. Knowing this that our old man, our old man, brother, if there's anybody got to go to a cross, it's your old man. Oh, you got to have a crucifixion. You got to die to yourself. You got to die to your ideas, your thoughts, and and all that. You got to die to it. Amen. Here, here, here, Paul tells us, he says, um, uh, knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him. That's that sinful nature has got to be crucified with him. Amen. That the body of sin might be destroyed. That henceforth we should not serve sin. Don't serve sin. and serve God, not sin. Amen. Amen. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Amen. Now, if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him, knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more. And he says, "Death hath no more dominion over him." Right? For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. And it says, "Likewise, reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord." And I love these these last couple verses. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body. Now notice what he say. Let not sin. That mean you going to have to deny yourself sisters. When when the devil testing you and trying you and want you to put on that makeup, you're going to have to deny yourself. I'm not going to live according to sin. I'm going to live according to God's word. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Some of y'all going to have to say and and and and let me just put this. You have to say no to relationships. Truth, brother. Glory to God. Amen. Some relationships are not of God and they're not for you. God ain't got no blessing in that relationship for you. You got to say no. You got to raise up and get an uncction from the inside and say no to sin. Let not sin. Uhhuh. Amen. Uh therefore reign in your mortal body that ye should obey it in the lust thereof. Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin, but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God. Here we see, Amen. Uh Paul just giving us some instruction here. We we we we we're buried uh in baptism. We're buried just like Christ was was buried in the grave for uh uh for three days. Amen. And he rose again to newness of life. When you go into baptism, when you go in that water, it's like your old nature is being buried. It goes down for about 3 seconds. But when you come back, you're walking in the newness of life. Now, now, now here's the thing. Many of us have been baptized, but somehow we've picked up some of those old habits that we died to a long time ago. But let not sin, amen, reign in your mortal body. Amen. Let's go on a little further. You're going to have to have a death, a burial, and a resurrection. Glory to God. All right. All right. All right. So here, Amen. Let us um let me just kind of uh identify who is the bride. Now, we we find this language about the bride or um or the wife, amen, of of Christ. We find a lot of this language in Revelation. And and I like to I like to just kind of read this really quick. Uh Revelation 19 and 7. And and here's the thing that I I want to just kind of set this up with. You know, uh in a marriage ceremony, there's a lot of people that come. They attend if you invite them. Amen. They'll attend if you invite them. Praise God. Amen. They would come, they'll bring you gifts, they would do all kind of things. Y'all y'all laughing at me. I know y'all. But uh I'mma keep preaching. But um that there's um a lot of people that would come, they would bring gifts and and um and they come to celebrate the event and um you know there there's there's there's many that's there, but the event is not about the people that are there. Right. And uh even the groom himself, I remember one time talking to a young man, boy, he was just he just had he he just he was decked out with with all kind of jewelry. I mean, everything. He was the center of attention. And I told, man, you're getting married. You're going to have to give this day to your wife. You got to take off some of that, man, and just let her have her day cuz you just you come out, you just blinging, man. And everybody looking at you and ain't looking nothing at her. Come on, man. Give her her day. Right. Because cuz cuz the the the when when you go to a marriage ceremony, it's it's not about the groom. He come in first. Woo. That's right. He come in first and he stands there, but he's waiting. The groom himself is waiting on the entrance of the bride. All the attendants come in. The ring bearer comes in, the flower girls and all them come in. But the bride is the last thing to come in. Notice here in Revelation 19, the last book of the Bible. Hallelujah. Amen. There's an introduction about the bride, the lamb's wife. So, it wasn't just Calvary just for Jesus, but there must be another Calvary for the bride. She must die to herself so she can experience a resurrection. Amen. Amen. Revelation 19:7 says, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him, for the marriage of the lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready." Revelation 21:9, "But the fearful and unbelieving and and the abominable and murderers and horongers, Amen. and sorcerers and idolattors, and all liars shall have their part in the lake which burnth with fire and brimstone, which is the second death. Amen. You can't be sinning and think you're going to make it to heaven. All right. You got to you got to die to yourself. You you you're going to have to take up your cross and follow Jesus to Calvary. That's right. Look at this. He says, "And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues and talk with me, saying, come hither, I will show thee the bride, the lamb's wife." So, we hear this language about the bride here in the book of Revelation. Uh, Revelation 22:16-19. I Jesus have sent my angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David and the bright and morning star and the spirit and the bride. say, "Come." And and let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. And who so will let him take amen uh the water of life freely. I love this statement. The spirit and the bride say come. Brother Brandham say the spirit, the bride and the prophet going to be saying the same thing. Hallelujah. Amen. When the spirit becomes one with the bride, then the spirit and the bride can say come. Yes, sir. Verse 18 says, "For I testify in every man that hearth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written therein uh written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of this book of uh word words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and and and from the things which are written in this book." So here we want to know who the bride is. Who the bride is? Who is this lady? the bride that the scripture is speaking of, we find an answer given to us. Amen. By the angel of the Lord, as he told the prophet, "Pick up his pen and write." He says something to us in the Perameian church age. He says this, "The angel says, notice the harmony of the father and the son." Jesus never did anything until it was first showed him by the father. John 5:19. This harmony, glory to God, is now to exist between the groom and his bride. Look at this. Now, how we know who the bride is? He shows her his words of his word of life. Amen. She receives it. My God, man. When a man got a bride, I I even even brother um uh Crosby said last week, he said, "There's things that I can do with my wife that I can't do with my daughter. There's things I can talk about with my wife that I can't talk about with my daughter." He said, "So, so when a man has a relationship with a wife, it's a different relationship with every other woman." That's right. When Christ has a relationship with a bride, it's a different relationship than with any other church. Amen. You want to make sure you part of the bride. Amen. How do you know whether you're part of the bride? Look at what the angel says. He says he shows her his word of life. She receives it. So the bride's going to receive it. She's going to receive the word. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. Amen. Why can't death harm her? Cuz she going to have a resurrection. Amen. For if the seed be planted, the water will raise it up again. Here is the secret of this. The word is in the bride. As it was in Mary, the bride, you want to know who the bride is? She has the mind of Christ. For she knows what what he wants done with the word. She performs the command of the word in his name. For she has thus saith the Lord. He says then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass like a seed that is planted and watered. It comes to full harvest serving his purpose. Let me go a little further. He says those in the bride, you want to know who the bride is? Those in the bride do only his will. No one can make them do otherwise. It says, "They have thus said the Lord or they keep still." They know that it has to be God and them doing the works, fulfilling his own work. He did not complete all his work while here while in his earthly ministry. So now his work is in and through. Yes, sir. The bride. She knows that for it was not yet time for him to do certain things that he must now do. But he will now fulfill through the bride the work which he left for this specific time. You see somebody acting like Jesus. Bride. Somebody following the word of God. Bride. It's very simple. That's how you recognize who the bride. She going to receive the word. She ain't going to fuss with the word. She ain't going to argue with the word. She going to say amen to the word. And she going to live it every day of her life. That's how we know who the bride is. Glory to God. What what are her characteristics? What what is the bride's characteristics? Now, I want to read something here for you. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And and I and I want to just take time and just kind of uh break down some of these things that he says. He makes a statement about a woman and he calls her something. Now, he I I'll just tell you before I read it. He calls the bride a independent woman. Now here's the problem with our thought process today. A independent a independent woman in our mind is a woman that can take care of herself. A woman that can go around say I don't need no man. Hello somebody. I don't need no man. I can do this all by myself. Hallelujah. It's a certain attitude that come upon independent independent women today. But brother Brandham called her independent woman. Now now we got to see the the the the language that he's using. Amen. Is different from the language that most people are using. Right. Oh my my my my. When he calls the bride an independent woman, what he's saying is that she don't need to be connected to denomination. That's right. Oh, she can stand on her own two feet. Yes. Oh, I I've had many people tell us say, you know, you ought to be connected to a bigger group. Maybe y'all will be able to get this and y'all can get that if you're connected to a bigger group. No. If God can't give it to us, we just can't get it. But we ain't going to be connected to nothing but the word. And we'll wait for God to manifest himself on our behalf. Amen. The the bride is a independent woman. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. These are some of her characteristics. Let's let's read it here. Out of Christ is the mystery of God revealed. It says he proves his resurrection life. Then as he vindicates himself, she the bride is independent from all others. She's an independent woman, a great speckled bird that's different from all others. You remember the Bible said the great speckled bird, but she had his name, she had his life. How did they speckle the bird? They were both white and then they pulled the head off of one bird and drained the blood out upon the other bird. This is in in the book of Leviticus it says, "And the other bird was speckled with the red blood and it flopped its wings like this and the blood cried holy, holy, holy as it bathe the ground." So the so the one bed a bird is killed and they take the blood from that one bird and they sprinkle it on the living bird. And when the living bird goes, amen, to to flying, amen, the blood is dripping and hitting the ground. When you're walking, when you're living your everyday life, people should see the the blood coming and flowing from your life. The blood of Jesus is all over. We can see it in your walk. We can hear it in your talk. We can see how you live your life. It's the blood of Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. He says that he says, "Holy, holy, as it's bathed," Amen. a a as it bathed the ground. So Christ the dead mate put his blood his blood from his life uh into us carrying his blood crying holy holy unto the Lord. It's an oddlooking bird. Sure it is. But she the bride is identified by him. Amen. And she is independent from all others. Keep the only unto her as long as you both live. Keep thee only to him the word. No adultery, not one sign of denomination, not one sign of creed, no adultery at all. The word in him alone on Christ the silent rock I stand. All other grounds is sink and sand. Uh that's that's how you know who the bride is. You want to know who she is? She going to be separated from everybody else. She will not have one denominational feather. Amen. Can I go a little further? Now, her characteristics also look a little bit like what you find in Genesis 24 when you read the story of Rebecca. And the what we find here is that Rebecca was uh spiritual enough to know that God was up to something when she gets out there to the well and and it's just a normal everyday routine for her to go there to the well and and get water out the well and and and the water the animals and everything. But when she get there this day, there's a man there with with 10 camels. And uh and and she had enough character about herself that, you know, this man probably been on a long journey. Let me offer him some water and let me offer his camels some water. Hallelujah. But she had no idea in her kindness. Glory to God. That she was actually walking right into a prayer. The man had just said amen to his prayer. a prayer like, "Lord, let the woman that come to the well and offer me water and also my camels." Cuz it's one thing to offer me water. That don't take nothing to just d I mean to just just go down and get a little water for me. But when you offering water to the camels, you got to understand something. Every camel drunk so many gallons of water. And I and I believe if I'm not mistaken, I think each camel would drink about 20 gallons of water. Imagine how much water this woman is getting out this well in order to give 10 camels. 200 gallons of water. So, let me just tell you, this just ain't no any type of woman. She got character. That's it. She willing to work. She's a Proverbs 31 type woman. Hallelujah. I mean, she she willing to kind of put some some sweat in. Amen. And as as Rebecca said, you know what? I'm I'mma give water to him and water to his camel. She didn't realize she was walking into the manifestation of a prayer. Amen. Yeah. Before Before she knew it, Eza like, you know, I need to know who your parents are. Who's this and who's that? And then then and when she come when when he come to find out who she relate related to say, uhoh, I know I found Isaac his wife because the wife had to be blood relation. Hallelujah. when when when Abraham sent him back, go back to my people. And now now here's the other thing. Oh, glory to God. He said, he said, now now he's actually said, now what if this woman don't want to go with me when I find her? What if she don't want to go? Say, if she don't want to go, don't worry. You you freed from your oath. But this woman got to be willing, Rebecca, the bride, has got to be willing to forsake everything to follow Christ. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. I love this. I love this. She knew. She found out she was an answer to prayer. She was willing to listen. Amen. And follow the messenger for her day, which was Elea. The bride is going to be willing to do that. Let me give you another one. And uh and and let me I I just I just kind of threw something in here. See, she was willing to listen and follow the the messenger. Amen. for that day. Just like when Jesus died on the cross and three days, the reason that he was in the the the the the grave for three days, there was something keeping him in the grave. Now, now, now, now look, he had power to to to lay himself down, lay his life down, and then raise it up again. If if a man tells you that, hallelujah, and and he actually does it, it says the power didn't come in three days. The power was always there. That's right. That's right. Amen. Amen. But why did he wait three days? Why? Because there was a prophecy that had been written about him. Amen. In Psalm 16:10, for thou will not leave my soul in hell. Neither will thou suffer unholy one to see corruption. Corruption usually sets sin by three days. So he had to stay there because David made a prophecy. The prophecy is what held him in the grave. My God. But it was his prophecy that brought him up. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. And and here here the word is what governs us. The word is what controls us. Amen. Here Rebecca, she was willing to listen and follow the messenger. Just like Jesus was willing to stay there in the grave, Amen. until that prophecy had been fulfilled. Rebecca was willing to listen and follow the messenger. She heard, Amen. the voice of God coming through Eleaza, my God. And we heard the voice of God coming through Revelation for uh Revelation 18:4. Come out of her, my people. Amen. Here's the other thing about Rebecca. She had to make a decision to leave mama, to leave daddy, and leave her brother. Now, I want to just take my time here because brother Brandham said when it came time for her to make a decision whether to leave mama, to leave daddy and her brother, the daddy never said a word. But the mama was saying, uh, the brother say, "Hey, just let her stay here 10 more days." And she said, "No, no, no. I I need to just kind of get on my way." And then the mama said, "Well, no. Uh, what about this? What about that?" They were they were coming up with all kind of excuses to try to keep Rebecca. Hello, somebody. I I I hope you get this. Rebecca had to see through the excuses. And you know what they did with Rebecca? They said, uh, you know, she's old enough. Let her make her own decision. Daddy couldn't hold her. I mean, brother couldn't hold her. Mama couldn't. And brother Brandham say the mother represented the church. The mother in the story of Rebecca was the church that was trying to hold Rebecca back from going forward. Amen. The mother in the scripture represented a church that was trying to hold Rebecca back from going forward. And the brother in the story was the preacher in the church trying to hold Rebecca back. Oh my. Can I go a little further? If the brother was the preacher, then Rebecca had to have enough strength to walk away from the preacher. Right. If the mother represented the church, then Rebecca had to have enough strength to walk away from the church. Now listen here. I am talking to many Rebecca's in this building this morning. Cuz many of y'all had enough strength to walk away from a preacher and walk away, praise God, from a old church that you were connected to. Hallelujah. You heard come out of her, my people, and you came out. You don't even realize it, but I might as well tell you before I get there. You experience a resurrection right at that moment. [Applause] How do I know you experienced the resurrection at that moment? Because the question is, where did they bury her? Where was where was this bride buried? if if she's going to experience the resurrection, where was she buried? Well, before we find out where she was buried, let's find out where our bridegroom was buried. Let's read a few scriptures. Our bridegroom was buried. Let's Matthew 27:57 through 60. Because see, the bride and the bridegroom going to be a perfect type. So, let's find out where our bridegroom was buried. Matthew 27:57-60. When the evening was come, there came a rich man of Arya named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus's disciple. He went to Pilate and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered. And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth. And look at this. And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had heuned out in the rock, and he rolled a great stone to the door of the suppler, and departed. So here we find our Lord and Savior buried in a tomb. Amen. And it happened to be the tomb of Joseph of Arythea. Now, if I can just put it this way, it was a borrowed tomb. Yes, sir. Jesus didn't need a grave because he wasn't going to use it for too long. That's right. No sense in paying for the plot. I won't be here long enough. All right. So there there's a borrowed tomb and and and and and here uh Joseph has this has his body and he takes him to the tomb and we pick up in in uh Matthew 28 verse1. I read this a little early but we'll read it again because this Easter is what Easter is all about here. Amen. Uh verse one says, "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the supplr. And behold, there was a great earthquake. For the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it." Now, now the other thing about that that that that that door when um when Jesus died, the there was the the Pharisees and Sadducees went to the uh the leaders of that day say, "Hey, put guards by this." You know, because we we heard that this man say that he was going to rise again and we want to ensure that nothing like this happened. So, put some guards and and and they sent God say, "Now, make that that that grave as sure as you can." That's right. That's what they did. They tried to make it. They had people watching. Amen. All night, all day, making sure that this this this grave could not be broken. Hallelujah. They had men there to protect it from other men coming. They had in their mind that the disciples were going to come and and bring Jesus out the grave. Hallelujah. Let me tell you something. When you need a resurrection, disciples can't do it. That's right. When you need a resurrection, the pastor can't do it. The deacons can't do it. Song leader can't do. I mean, only God himself can give you a resurrection. It's a supernatural event that you experience. Here we find in the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week came Mary Magdalene and Ma Magdalene and the other Mary to see the supplic. Behold, there was a great earthquake, for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door. Amen. And sat upon it. I I just like this. They the guards are here. Watching any man, they watching here on the earth looking for anything that would any movement. But here, God is coming down like this. Oh my. And when he descends down, when he when he when he comes down, he rolls the stone. They saw no man, right? But they see this big stone being moved away. And when they not only just not just the angel come and Amen and moved away, then the angel just sat down right on top of the stone. Look, there's some things the devil I don't care how he might be trying to block you, how he might be trying to stop you. When God begins to move on your behalf, can't no devil can't no devil do nothing about it. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. We serve a risen savior. Amen. Verse three says, "His countenance was like lightning and his reignment white as snow. And for fear of him, the keepers did shake and became as dead men." Now, they supposed to be watching over the dead and they falling out dead. Now, here's the other bad part about this that now these men know their experience. They they know exactly what happened. They saw the angels. It counted like lightning. They and they falling out dead like like like dead men. But but when they get amongst the the the religious leaders, they say, "Now just tell the people that the disciples did this now cuz it's going to be too farfetched if you tell them we saw an angel." The the guards testimony. Don't go. They they got paid not to tell they testimony. Right. Right. Right. Yeah, we we we going to make sure you don't get in no trouble like you fell asleep on the job. We going to make sure that No, I I look, I did not fall asleep on the job. Let me tell you what happened. A angel came down from heaven like lightning. I don't know who this man y'all messing with, but y'all shouldn't mess with him. Yes, sir. And and and I can see them fell. I'd advise you to stop right now. Whatever you're doing, you need to stop. Repent. Cuz y'all made a mistake with this fella right here. That's right. Said, "Man, I done watched many graves, and ain't nothing like this ever happened at no grave." Right. The fear of the of fear of him, the keepers did shake and became his dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Um, fear not. Fear not ye, for I know that you seek Jesus, which was crucified, Oh, I love the I love it. I love it. Here's the announcement of Easter. He is not here. For he is risen as he said. Glory to God. Come see the place where the Lord laid. He's not there anymore. And I had a chance to go see it for myself. He is not there. Hallelujah. There's still an empty tomb in Israel. Thank God he is alive and well. They buried him in a tomb. Where did they bury her? All right, this is coming out of the message, the true Easter Seal. The prophet gives us the answer to the question. We find out where they buried her because it's a resurrection for the bride. Now, um I believe I'm I'm starting where it says, "And they would do the same today. They're trying to do the same today." Okay, if we would just scroll up just a just one up the other way. There you go. Right there. Stop right there. And the world put him in a tomb and sealed him up in that tomb. And they would do the same today. They are trying to do the same today. Look at what the prophet says. I don't want you to miss this. The world is trying and will get worse all the time. He says to seal Christ back in the tomb again. They're trying to make him a historical god. One that walked in the days and give power to the disciples to heal the sick and to cast out devils. But what did they do as soon as they thought they had got to got rid of him? just like Cain did uh when he thought he got when he then thought he got rid of Abel, they sealed him in a tomb and and put him in there. And today they're trying to keep Christ in a tomb. But oh, what an Easter morning done. An Easter morning ruined all of the theology. And when a Easter morning came for a people, a church here, 1900 years later, it ruined their theology. He's not dead. He's alive forever more. They cannot keep him in no tomb. You can put him in a Methodist tomb. Any of y'all come from the Methodist church? You can put him in a Methodist tomb or a Baptist tomb or a Presbyterian tomb or whatever you want to, but he raised out of that tomb and is alive today. I had a Baptist tomb. Lord, oh my. Brother Brandham said, I was buried in a Baptist tomb, but when the word came to me, praise God, it broke me out of that Baptist tomb. It brought a resurrection to my life. And some of y'all come from a Pentecostal tomb. Some come from a Catholic tomb. Whatever tomb you come from, you have received a resurrection, proven that he is alive today and forever more. Where did they bury her at? In the denominational tomb. I had a Baptist tomb. You might have had a Methodist tomb, but one day Jesus rose from there. Jesus rose from there. Where was Jesus rising from? How? How was Jesus rising from a Methodist tomb and a Baptist tomb? Jesus is rising in you. Hallelujah. Amen. No, the reason you're here is because you yourself have experienced a personal resurrection. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You in a worldly tomb. You in a bar tomb. Huh? You were in all kind of all kind of conditions, your your tomb. But somehow God broke you free from all of that. Lord, supernaturally broke you free from all that. And you've experienced your own personal resurrection. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, I love it. I had a Baptist tomb. You might have had a Methodist tomb. But one day, Jesus rose from there from a historical God to a living, present God, alive forever more. I I uh want to remind you that remember three is the number of life and Jesus rose on that third day. They couldn't keep him in that tomb. And I love the the scripture in Revelation 11:18. It says, "I am he that liveth and was dead and behold, I'm alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of of of hell and of death." Now, when we when we look at this, I want to make a just a quick turn here. Uh when we look at this, where did the bride die and she needed a resurrection? Where where where where did she where did she have this this little death? Brother Brandham actually makes a statement and it says in the beautiful bride of Christ after her death through the dark ages by the Roman Empire. So now that statement is important because it takes us back to Revelation 3:1 and we can pull that up again. I read this earlier and because when you look at scripture, especially when you're looking at the church as it as it is related in Revelation 2 and Revelation 3, and I'm going to tell y'all something. I am so glad that we can we can go beyond tradition. Yes, sir. Amen. There's many churches stuck 2,000 years ago. But we can go beyond that. Amen. And when we begin to see ourselves and what God has done for us, It's not just a historical story. This No, this is a present tense story and it's happening even right now. Somebody's receiving a resurrection right now. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. But but but but when we look at scripture, Revelation 2, Amen. Um the the church ages are getting started. Paul being the first messenger and he's coming with so much light, so much revelation, so much understanding. But by the time it gets down to the the the fourth church age, which is the thotan church age, the church itself went into the depths of Satan. There was and and not only that the the fourth church age is called the dark ages. The church almost almost the light almost gone out. God just had a very few that that uh had not uh uh bowed down to, you know, all the false teachers and all that. There was a a very few that was kind of carrying the gospel until we get to the the third chapter. Amen. Of Revelation. These are the last three church ages. Three is the number of life. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. And how how do we know life is coming in? Amen. Just as we read there in Genesis on the third day, the trees and the and and and and and the seed going forth in the earth. I mean everything yielding and bringing forth of its kind. That was life being that life coming forth. So, so on the third day Jesus brought life, but also it was in the third chapter of Revelation that life began to come forth. That's why I read Revelation 3:1. Look at it. And unto the angel of the church in Sardis, which this just happens to be Luther, these things saith, he that hath the seven spirits of God, and the seven stars, I know thy works, that thou hast a name, that thou livest. It look like you living, but you're dead. Now, why does the scripture record it that way? Because Luther broke out by nailing those 95 thesis to the church door which actually begin to bring life back in the church after the dark ages had passed. God began to bring life back in the church. The problem was as Luther come out with his teachings the ones that followed Luther went and started another denomination. And anytime we start a denomination we are going into death. Amen. Truth. Can I just be honest with you? If you walking uh look look if you if you working in a denomination, you living in a denomination, you giving all your uh your your your your your your uh gifts to the denomination. The Bible actually declares, Amen. In in the New Testament, I think it's in Ephesians, might be Ephesians 5:14, it says, it says, "Come out from amongst the dead." Right? You're walking and you're living amongst the dead. Now, now look, look here. Look here. Look here. when when when when you have to be the one to come out. If you go in and you recognize what you're in, you have to be the one to come out. Oh, glory to God. Come out from amongst the dead. Stop giving your talent and all your attention to something that's dead. God ain't going to use it. Do you realize in this church age, God is on the outside of his church knocking, trying to get back in? How did they put him out? They rejected his word. But the bride will receive his word. Let me go a little further. The third chapter tells us they had a name that they live as but are dead. Now Luther is the messenger to Sardis. Wesley is a messenger to Philadelphia. And then also Leodia had their messenger by the name of William Mary and Brandham. Life came back into the church after the dark ages. In the third chapter of Revelation, life was restored to the church. Can I put it this way? The church received a resurrection. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I got a question here. How does she receive her resurrection? And and and here here's the other thing that I like about this word resurrection. Resurrection has a synonym. And that means there's a bunch of other words that's uh words or phrases that mean exact or nearly the same as another word or phrase in the same language. So uh resurrection has a synonym. And you want to know what the synonym for resurrection is? Restoration. Yes, sir. So, how did the church receive a resurrection? Joel chapter 2. [Applause] Can we go back and read? How did the church receive a resurrection? The synonym for resurrection is restoration. It came through Joel chapter 2. Let's start reading here at verse 23. Let me just read it. Praise God. Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the valor rain in the first month. He says, "And the floor shall be full of wheat, and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil." We experiencing that right now. a overflow of whining or a stimulation of revelation. It says, "And I will," this ain't nothing a man going to do. This is all God. I will restore to you. Praise God. The years, Amen. The locust have eaten the cankerorm and a caterpillar and the polar, my great army, which I sent amongst you. I let that happen so there could be a resurrection. That's why Jesus had to lay his life down and raise and pick it up again to show that there would be life after death. There would be a resurrection. And if the bridegroom had a resurrection, so will the bride. And I might as well say not will the bride. That's that's for your those that don't know who they are. But we who know who we are, we have already experienced our personal resurrection. Look at verse 25. 26. And ye shall eat here. Here here. If somebody ask you who's speaking at the meetings, just just give them verse 26. If you come, you don't need to know who going to speak. The Holy Ghost going to speak. But I'm going to tell you, if you come, I got a promise for you. Ye shall eat in plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that have dealt wonders with you and my people shall never be ashamed and ye shall know that I am in the midst of her of Israel and that I am the Lord your God and none else and my people shall never be ashamed. You know uh I I got I got one quote that I want to read here just to kind of bring all this home. But before I read that, um, go to it's it's the rising of the sun. It's on the last page. Uh, it's the rising of the sun. Because, uh, as I started off by saying, brother brother Brandon would say certain things. And when he would say it, it would really challenge the way that we look at everything. It's a prophetic lens that we're looking through. I I can look through a theological lens. I can look through it. And and I mean I I know churches today they're so happy about all the people that's coming. They told me last year uh one church had 68,000 new people show up. 68,000. I wonder how many stayed after Easter. Or would the same 68,000 come back this year because they're going to have a nice program? We're not here for program. We're here for you to recognize who you are. Here. Here, I want you to catch this. Brother brother Solomon referred to it earlier. Amen. And brother Troy when he was preaching a few weeks ago, he referred to it. So, I want you to just kind of catch this statement. He says, "As Christ was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth, all although typed in many places, he was the first fruits of those that slept in the bride in the bride coming of Christ." in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church. That's the bride coming of Christ. Oh, you don't even realize how you was able to walk out of that. Some of y'all was so connected. They had you on this board and they had you on that board. They was getting ready to work a new board for you to try to put you on that one, too. I mean, they had you so tied down you and and every day you was wrapped up in something. Some of y'all saw that. Some of y'all saw him stealing. Brother Mike used to tell me how he honest heart would go up here and raise an offering and say, "Now," and what you do is you take $50 out your pocket. You say, "Look, we want we want 50. We want you to bring $50 tonight." And and I'mma be the first one to put $50 right here in the offering plate. They say they would put their $50 in. and everybody else walk up, put their $50 in, and then they take the money to the back and they pull their $50 out and put it back in their pocket. This type of stuff happened all the time in churches. I mean, you know, I I remember going to to church here uh one time we went to concert. John Pi had come amen to town and he was um he was min I mean he was uh singing and um I don't know what I'm sorry I said something this thing talking to me now but John P was um he uh he come there and we were sitting there waiting why come he won't come out on stage we just I mean concert should have started at at 6 or something and this man ain't come out on stage about 9:30 like what happened so John P say you know I done brought this bus all the way down here and these people, honest people, come down here looking for a concert. I'mma give him the concert. He say, "But but don't y'all mess up my money again. Somebody has stole a man's money. They promised to pay him a certain amount. He had to pay to bring them people down here. Somebody stole the man's money." And in church, it's this happening all the time. They stealing the money. Oh, let me I just heard I heard one last week. I heard one last week. Oh, y'all I know y'all at I know y'all mind that. I ain't going to tell y'all that. That Let me keep But it's Now, now look, I might as well say it since I'm here. Y'all don't pull me in there. Now, I know I I ain't going I'm I'mma do my best not to call names, but I know the preacher man recently said, "Lock the doors." Now, now look, look, I'm I'mma be honest. I've been brought up in church and that type of language been used a lot. Even the church that I was in the message, we trying to get a parking lot, lock them doors. So I So I understand why people do that. But but on the other side on the other side, $40,000 in one night. I Lord, that's a lot of money. I wish I I wish. Let the Lord send it. Come on. Let me let me get back on target, y'all. Y'all y'all done pulled me out my Easter sermon. as Christ was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth all although typed in many places. He was the first fruits of those that slept in the in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there have to be a sheath waved again in the last days on my waving of the sheath. What was a sheath? The first one that come to mature the first one that proved that it was a wheat that proved it was a sheath. Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. It was weighed the people in the first time there there will come forth for the bride age a resurrection out of dark denominationalism. The bride will res the bride coming of Christ is a resurrection out of denominationalism. It was Christ in you calling you out of that. Now who you think calling you back into it? It's not Christ. He He calls you out of it. He stands on the outside knocking asking who would let me in. And only the individual can let them in. Let me keep going. The resurrection out of a dark denomination will be a message that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. If you just listen to the tapes, you can hear the same signs and wonders that was in Jesus ministry was also in brother Brandham's ministry. Look at this. Because I live, ye live also. Speaking to his wife, because I live, ye live also. What a resurrection that was. That's past tense. 2,000 years ago. But look at the prophet bring it forward. What a resurrection this is. Amen. To be quickened from the dead to be made alive in Christ alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. He was waved uh waved to them. The word which he was waved back to them on the day of Pentecost. The word was made manifest now and as I say is to be waved again in the last days. Now, let me finish with my last quote here because I told you how does the resurrection how does she receive a resurrection? It comes through the promise of restoration in Joel chapter 2. So, my whole thought is pulled right out of the sermon, the restoration of the bride. Or could I say it this way in a synonym fashion, the resurrection of the bride. Look at what the prophet says. I'm winding up. Musicians, y'all can make your way in a second. Get just get I got about four paragraphs here I want to read. Now notice and watch this. Watch this. Notice after three days. So three is the number of life. And after three days, the first tree restored as at the beginning having the same signs, same wonders. Jesus come back uh the same Jesus doing the same thing at the end of the third day. Now let me let me just just just drop this off. I told you Revelation 3:1 Revelation 3 itself. Revelation 3 is a number of life. There was three messengers in Revelation 3. Sardis, Philadelphia, Leadyia. It's at the end of the third day. Life comes back to the church. Or the church receives a resurrection. It's at the end of the third day. Christ received his resurrection in the third day. Guess what? The church also, the bride, receives her resurrection in the third day. Amen. Beautiful. It's right there in the Bible. Look, we can preach Calvary from Revelation 3. I'm going to say that again. We as the bride of Christ can preach Calvary from Revelation 3. Now go to your average church today and find that sermon. Amen. Let me keep going having the same sign, same one as Jesus coming. And let me let me also People think when we say that that we being arrogant. Uh-uh. I'm not being arrogant. I'm I'm I'm a part of a restoration, sir. And I know who I am in Christ. Hallelujah. And and and nobody gonna make me feel bad about being me. Oh, Lord. God, y'all y'all got me out here. I'm just all over the place. I was telling my my my family the other night, and I don't know. I'm I'm getting old. I am. I know I am. I'm getting old. I'm I'm I'm I'm getting closer to 60 than I am to 50. And it's something about getting old. Some of the old folk going to say amen to this. I know it. It's something about getting old. As you get older, you start to care less and less. Amen. about what people think. About what people say. Look, I am too old to be worried about that. If that's the way you feel, God bless you. But I ain't got time to explain nothing. I ain't got Look, I'm I'm Look, and I I'm not saying I'm just me. I'm just saying when you get old, it just things just Somebody asked me about a little project and I say, "Now, if I'm paying for the project, it's going to be what I like on the project [Music] cuz it's my money. And if you don't like the project, don't buy the project. Somebody else come buy it." I know y'all read between the lines. So, cuz y'all be y'all be picking at me all the time, but but let me finish reading this. At the end of the third day, the signs appeared. Not at the end of the first day. Oh, brother, I hope you're getting it. At the third day is when the real manifestation of Christ was made known. At the end of the third day. See, notice, are you getting it? Not at the first day. Not in Luther's day. Not at the first day. It says uh uh dead form. You have a name that you live, but you're dead. Dead form. Second day there was a rumor. See, second day it was still dead. Luther Wesley. At the beginning of the third day, there was a rumor around. All right. Nothing on the first day. Luther. See the first day was Luther. Nothing on the second day. That would be Wesley. And in the third day, the dispensation of the Holy Spirit, there was a room around uh that he was the same yesterday, today, and forever. But but at the end of the third day, that's when he made himself known. Come right among them. Come right among his people and said, "Look at me. I'm the same one. Lord have mercy. I could work with that. I can take you right back to the brothers on the road to Emmas. Yes, sir. It's when he broke bread that they recognized who he was. Oh my my my. And let me tell you something. He is right now breaking bread. He's breaking bread. And if you can if you can Oh my God. If you're willing to steal away from all of the unbelief of this hour, you can be fed. Hey, I'm feeling something. Feed on the secret things of God. [Music] Eat from the bread of life. For this season, you can be fed. Yes. Yes. My auntie left some words with us in a song. Let me try to read on. Good God almighty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says, "But at the end of the third day, that's when he made himself known. Come right among them. Come among his people and said, "Look at me. I'm the same one." The dead forms went on till they got to Pentecost. The dead forms went on. Luther Wesley all the way to Pentecost. They began then began to rumor around that he was now now here he here in the in the last day he is right among us moving right among us at the end of the third day. At the end of the third day he appeared and showed all them resurre all all them his resurrection sign that he was living the same yesterday today and forever living fruits of his presence. Living fruits of his presence. Are you getting it? The prophet getting excited y'all. Are you getting it? congregation says, "Amen. Was manifested at the very end of the day when he appeared to all of them, his church." Amen. Why? They all got together. Oh, amen. At the end of the third day, the evening lights, the Bible said, would shine in the last days. The evening light is the same light in the west. That was the same light was in the east. And the same light that shine in the east that brought forth the first church that the the Romans cut down by their pagan worship and so forth. And the evening light is the same light. Now notice the same light. What's the evening light come out for? What is the evening light for? Oh my. What is the evening light for? To restore. Woo. You get it? He says the evening light is for the same purpose the morning light was for. to restore what was cut down by the dark ages through Rome. That's where she died, but she came back to life. She was resurrected and the full manifestation of Christ in his church. Everything that he did just exactly the way he did, it would be again in the evening light. See what I mean? Oh, is that wonderful? And now, and know we're living right here to see it now. of the evening light. Exactly. According to the prophecy, the evening light come out to restore what? To restore what? The bugs had eat up. Let's keep going. It started growing and then what did it do? It denominated. So God pruned them off, bound them up, laid them back, let them go ahead and organize. Then the next one come up. He bound them up, laid them off. Tree went on. Then he bound them up, laid them off, went on. Now, one of these days they'll be burned. Bind them up in their organization. But then what? See, the the bride is a independent woman. She won't be a part of the organization. She's going to be outside of that. But then what? Right in the top of the tree is where the fruit ripens first. That's right. Watch this. Right in the top of the tree. So, it's the top of the tree here that sees the evening light. That mean the rest of the tree ain't going to see it, but the top of the tree will. And we just cut a tree down at our house and and and and I was complaining because I got these solar panels and I just could not see why my bill was still the same. They promised me the bill was going to go down and my bill was still about the same, but solar I'm like something wrong. Well, lately I just realized when that tree got cut down, it was blocking the sun from hitting some of them panels. It wasn't getting the full effect because because of the tree. But when that tree got cut down, I'm like, "Oh my, look at my bill." Nah, it's something. See, see, see the top of the tree get ripe first because it get the sun. The fruit in the top of the tree get ripe. Look at this. Look at this. Oh my my my my. And now it's dangerous to try to climb to the top of the tree. Most people want to stay at the bottom of the tree and you'll take fruit home that ain't fully ripe. Amen. Because it's easy to get to. They they call it lowhanging fruit. Low hanging fruit just real easy. I just pull that out. I don't need no rock. I don't need no ball. Just walk up and yank it off. But you want some real good fruit, get the one at the top where the sun is hitting it. And I'm going tell you to get to the top of the tree, the fruit that's up there, you got to be you got to know how to navigate. That's right, brother. Amen. Now, when we when we was young, mama wanted the fruit sometime from the top of the tree. When we was young, it was no rock or bottle going up to get them fruit. We had to climb that tree. No, not that one. And it's it's getting high. I don't want to fall out the tree, son. You up there now. You might as well stay on up there. Get the fruit right there. Hallelujah. We had to know how to navigate, get through them lens, and work our way back down. Come on, somebody. Man, we were fruit pickers. Amen. It's something about getting fruit at the top of the tree. Look at this. Now watch what Brother Brandham says. It says, "But then right in the top of the tree is where the fruit ripens first." That's right. Right in the top of the tree. So it's the top of the tree here that se that that sees the evening light. And I'm coming to a close. This is the last paragraph. Now Noah had three rooms in the ark. Three is a number of life. Noah had three rooms in the ark. One room was for the creeping things. See? And the second room was for the files. So these things that were flying. Right? But the top room was where the light was. So in in order for Noah to know that the the rain had stopped, he had to dwell in the top room. I can't dwell amongst the creeping things. Hello, somebody. I came here with all this creeping stuff and and and actually the creeping things let out some foul stuff. You really don't want to dwell down there. Right? You're going to be doing a lot of clean up of a lot of mess up and and the foul of the air. You got you can't dwell in that area either. Right. He said he got to get to the top where you can see light. But on the top floor, he says the light, he says the second room is for the files, but but the top room was where the light was. The light that shined first never come on the first floor, the second floor, but the light came through on the top floor. The tree don't bear its fruit at the bottom. Second, like that, it was all pruned off in organization, but it's in the top part where I will restore. Uhoh. So what we just heard there is the restoration happens not on the bottom floor, not on the second floor, but if you want to experience resurrection, I mean, and restoration, you got to be dwelling on the top floor. But it's in the top where I will restore, sayeth the Lord, I'll send forth the evening light. It'll bring back bring back the word making it manifest. I will restore all that I promise and that I promise the same Holy Spirit will bring bear the same signs. I love this. I will have an Easter. This is God himself saying it. How God going to have an Easter? Because God promised that I will restore. So since God said it, God got to make it come to pass. Oh, you don't know why you are where you are. It's because a resurrection was taking place on the inside of you. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my my my my. Okay, it told me that I got to stop. I'm stopping. I I promise. There we go. This is it. I'll have an Easter, a resurrection for the bride, the same as I had for the bridegroom. See, evening lights come out to shine. Same as in the morning. Same signs, same things, the same light will produce the same fruit that they had there. If it's a shining on the same tree, see, amen proves his word now fulfilled. I will restore, saith the Lord. The restoration takes place in that third day. Just as we read there in the book of Revelation chapter 3, because three represents life and and there in Revelation 3, it the restoration did not happen in the days of Luther. The resurrection did not happen in the days of uh Wesley, but that resurrection restoration took place in the third day after the ministry of William Brandham. How we thank God that he has called us to a resurrection and there has been a resurrection for the bride. God bless you church. God bless you [Applause] church. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Uh I'm I'm going to have a word of prayer. And um I also forgot to mention this earlier. Um th this typically as I was saying on Friday night sometimes uh I'm away at Easter time and and typically I I don't like to go places at Easter because I like being home. I just like being with the saints, you know, at Easter. But sometimes there is a pull and uh and you end up having to just find the mind of Christ to do what you can for the kingdom of God. And uh but this Easter I was so happy that it worked out that I was home, you know. So we had our Good Friday service and it really was a Good Friday service. And uh and then this morning and uh so this year um church you are aware I've shared with you just some of the things that I have going on in my own personal life. Uh, so my travel is is a little limited to some of these personal things that that that that I'm doing. Uh, a as it stands, I only have one um one overseas trip planned for this year. One overseas trip planned. And and I remember uh sister uh Zelman saying, "Lord, just bless me with everything." Uh because she said, "When the church go to London, I'm going to London." And when I heard her say that, I said, "Oh Lord, I ain't got plans to go to London this year." But but she wanted to go, you know. But this year, I just wanted to mention to you that I have one over overseas trip planned, and that is a trip to Australia uh in the month of October. So, Sister Virginia has been working on um just kind of getting some of the pricing for tickets and things of that nature. We're still working out some of the details, but we want to just find out if uh those that would be interested in going, she's working on trying to get group rates for everybody. If you're interested, make sure you just see her, put your name on the list and say, "Yeah, please count on saying we want to be a part of that trip to Australia. Uh and that's going to be in in October." So, that's the only thing that I got. Everything else going to be local. We got to prepare for our meetings here. And uh you know, and and we'll just see what the Lord has, you know, uh in in the future. But we are I I'm just I'm happy to be home. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Amen. Amen. Praise God. So, let's just have a word of prayer and I turn the service over to brother uh Solomon. I wish you all a happy Easter. Amen. Again, Father, we thank you for your uh your word. Thank you Jesus that you could just show us who we are. Father in the scripture your prophet made a statement that yes you will have a resurrection a Easter. You have an Easter for your bride. A resurrection for the bride just as you had one for the bridegroom. Lord we can look back and see what you did in the life of Christ. You walked the face of this earth, Lord, in that body. And you told them, "No man take my life. I lay it down." And you had power to lay it down in power to pick it up again. And you did exactly what you said. But oh God, just as you would sacrifice yourself and go to that cross, there's another Calvary that needs to take place. And that's it. That's the one for us where we're willing to give up, Father, the things of this world. And Lord realize that the life that we live for you is much greater than anything Satan could offer us. So Lord help us father to have that Calvary that Lord once we have that Calvary we can also experience a personal resurrection. Lord we love you and we praise and we thank you for all that you have done. We praise you and we thank you for all that you will do and we praise and we thank you for all that you're doing right now. It's in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Happy Easter to you church. Brother Solomon, I'll give the service to you. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Li in need to tell the world. Will you stand with me? that he is the same. He's the same. Yesterday, to today and forever. [Music] Jesus is alive and will help me sing. He's alive and well. living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He is the same yesterday. and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Can we sing it one more time? He's alive. He's alive. And well, living in me to tell [Music] that he is the same. The same yesterday and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. [Music] [Music] I don't mean that to I know they used to tell me it was in that this is the evening time is later than you think. [Music] The bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. [Music] that they need to hear. The evening time is here. That's all it is. This is evening time. Oh, this is theing time. It's later than you think. [Music] The bride is preparing now for her Lord to be. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. [Music] He that have an ear to him. Theing time is here. Come on, let's sing it one more time. This is Oh, this is theing time. It's later than you think. The bride is prepared now for her Lord to hear. All things are ready down the bridegroom. I hear you need to hear the evening time is here. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Almighty God, we can say it was good to have been in the house of the Lord. Father, to bathe in your presence, to hear your word, Lord, and see, Lord Jesus, how you purposely put us in this hour, Lord Jesus, that at the end of the third day, Lord Jesus, life would come forth. Lord, you place your bride at the end of the third day that we might manifest the remainder of your ministry, Lord Jesus. Lord, we say whatever you're doing in this season, don't do it without us. Lord, we want to be surrendered vessels in your hands, Lord Jesus. Lord, you would whisper things to your bride that you wouldn't whisper to the denominations, Lord Jesus. You would tell us your secrets. Father, you would take a prophet to the backside of your mind and reveal to us your three-fold mystery plan, Lord Jesus. all because you wanted us to know your [Music] heart and father we are truly a blessed people. Thank you for your grace, your mercy. We love you so much. Father, I pray almighty God that you would bless these people, Lord. Father, bless them this Easter day, Lord Jesus. Each one with their own personal resurrection. Father, we thank you for our pastor. Thank you for using him, Lord. Thank you for loving him and loving us, Lord. That you would give us a word like you did today. Father, bless him. Give him strength, Lord, hundfold for what he has put out. Bless this people, Lord, as we prepare to leave this place. May you go before us and make our way prosperous. Bring us all back at the appointed time, Lord, renewed in strength. We love you, Father. We commit these people into your care. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. He will never fail. Amen. We ask the brothers to come at this time. I trust in God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Blessed are you Jesus is mine. [Music] My [Music] name of Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I must be [Music] my savior. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] You will [Music] never Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah, I saw Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat.
