################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Three Freeing Words - Bro Jack Duff (06-15-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Three Freeing Words - Bro Jack Duff (06-15-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNFwopYXmXY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh no not one glory Jesus. He knows all about my struggles and he he's going to die till the day. Oh, there's not a friend like the Lord Jesus. Oh, no. Not one. Oh no, not one. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. There's nobody like our Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Will you stand? God bless you, Sister Sarah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Come on. You are on earth [Music] sent down from glory. Many things you are on earth are brother Jack when you come in here redeemer with us with us the living truth and afraid Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] But on a tree you die to save humanity. Say Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. You are Jesus. Jesus. That's what we call you. [Music] [Music] You are the living word. Say Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. We said Jesus. Jesus. That's why we call you. Say Jesus. Jesus. Say Jesus. Jesus. Say Jesus. Jesus. That's why we call you. Come on. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, let me call you. Come on, one more time. Say, Jesus, Jesus. [Music] Say, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. And we call you. Oh, [Music] [Music] you want to Oh, [Music] hey. [Music] Oh, you are the living way. Somebody worship him in this place. Glory. Hallelujah. [Applause] Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Thank God for all things uh this morning. Certainly uh good to be in the house of God. Amen. and want to wish all the fathers a a happy Father's Day. Amen. Thank God for all of them. Amen. Um uh good to have Sister Tom Wayne back. Amen. With us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord the Lord is good. The Lord is good. Thank y'all musicians. Appreciate y'all. Thank God for the specials. Amen. this morning, Brother Troy, Sister Sarah. Amen. And and I like the way they open the service there with with Mama's Song. Uh that was they will come. They will come. Yeah, it was really really nice. Amen. Um I want to um just read a scripture. Amen. For today. And um we um being that it's Father's Day, we certainly want to try to say something to be edifying. Amen. To the fathers and the families. Um uh uh I'm going to go to Ephesians 6. Uh but also wanted to say um thank you for everyone that was able to come and support um Sister Vernon yesterday. Amen. and and her family. Uh, Brother Smiley did a wonderful job. Amen. With the word of the Lord. And, uh, it was just all I can say is just right on time. Amen. It's talking about time and appointed time. And um, it was just the perfect sermon for the occasion because um, Sister Vera's sister, the way that she passed, it was so um, I just have to say peaceful. Um, I got a chance to talk with uh, brother Jimmy's oldest son there, Jeremiah, and he was just saying he was at the house knocking uh, and auntie wouldn't come to the door. And he could hear her in there just saying, "Okay, okay." That she was coming to the door. And he just waited and she never came. So he called somebody else and said, "Uh, please come and open the door cuz auntie not coming to open the door." And when they open up the door, auntie was gone just like that. So it was her appointed time. It was a time for her to be born and then it was a time for her to die. All right. But but like brother Smiley said, God and his sovereign grace uses moments like these in order to bring people into the presence of God so they can hear a word from the Lord. And and it just like I say just a wonderful wonderful thought. Amen. And last night he also had to preach at a meeting here. Uh, and we thank God for him being able to take that Amen. on on yesterday. So, we we we just appreciate the Lord. Um, Amen. They they put Brother Smiley on the on the uh program as as brother uh brother Smiley. That's the way we talk. And uh but after he finished preaching, brother say, "No, we going to have to change this. You can't. You not just brother. You reverend minister. You Amen. And I've been preaching for 30 years. They was ready to ordain him, right? He already been ordained. It's just a church world. They seek titles, you know. Amen. But uh but they were very impressed. Amen. So we we just thank God for for all things. Uh a quick scripture, amen, that we'll read here. Uh Ephesians 6 and and 4. Amen. Ephesians 6 and 4. Um the the Bible says, "And ye fathers, uh provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." Let's pray over the word. Father, we thank you for um the service thus far and all that you have done, God, and in in the midst of uh your people. just a wonderful atmosphere of worship and praise and thanksgiving and uh and now Lord we uh approach the word and ask that you take control over uh our thoughts the thoughts that are being presented and the thoughts that are being received. May your spirit father just come and uh bring strength to our fathers. Uh we we thank you for each and every one of them, Lord. And Lord, just uh what they mean, not only to their families, but what they mean here to the church. We just appreciate each one. And ask, oh God, that your blessings would be upon each one. And and uh that you, God, would just get glory and honor out of every heart and every life. It's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Um, we're reading this scripture and I want to just take for a title uh for this Father's Day. Three freeing words. Amen. Three freeing words. Uh, just bear with me as we work through the um the the sermon. Amen. on today. Just a a couple like an introductory quote here from the sermon leadership and brother Brandham makes a a statement. It says um the first is the mother's kindness uh then the father's word. uh after the mother gives you your first step and and um you know he was talking about you know uh uh in this quote I didn't read I'm not reading the whole thing just for time sake but he was talking about how usually it's it's daddy that's going off to work and um you know providing for the family and uh and and and it's daddy's typically not there to see that child take his first step. Usually, it's a mama that is home uh watching the children and um uh and uh and and she's the one that's watching, you know, she she she hears that child uh speak his first words and then she might see the child take his first step and she can't wait for daddy to come home to be able to u have that child walk to daddy, right? Or or or or or say something to daddy, right? Uh but usually mama's mama's first in in hearing those things but daddy is still a part of the the process right and uh you know so he he was saying here uh after the mother gives you your first step then you look to your daddy all of us and it says uh for wisdom because he is the head of the house and usually not not that he's any smarter but he's just made a leader of his family. Now, that's a important thing to grasp. Amen. From from the prophet. Uh not that he's any smarter. Right. Um you know, cuz daddy might not have the same level of education that mama has. However, God has given daddy something that mama will never have. Praise the Lord. Just like God gave mama something that daddy would never have, God has given certain things to daddy that mama will never have. Right? And when we understand this, it makes the family dynamics a lot better. God put leadership characteristics inside of daddy. And often times, you know, uh in in the household, especially when tough times come, uh you know, u mama won't answers. How we going to do this and how we going to do that and how we going to do that? And daddy just be so calm and uh ain't said nothing like he don't even see the thing happening. He see it. He feel it. But he knows that he can't do nothing until God give him Amen. A direction. He I mean he can't make it up, right? But he depending on God. So often times, mama, you got to just wait because he has a connection with God. He realized his responsibilities. You realize that and without God, I'm going to tell you something like this. Without God, you can't raise your family. Amen. You if you didn't you don't depend on God, ain't no way you going to raise that family. Hallelujah. I mean, and as brother SM was saying yesterday, ain't no book that we can go to you. You read everybody book and you be trying to apply them things that they that the that book said, but it don't work on your children because your kids are different. That they wrote that book for their family and it worked in their family, but it may not work in your family. You're going to have to trust God. Uh oh, you say I wouldn't admit that, Brother Brandham. But but look, if that dove of meekness is gone from you, brother, there's something wrong. Is that there's something wrong when you can't bear with one another. When you can't forgive every person from the depths of your heart, no matter what they've done or what they've said, if you can't forgive them from the depths, Jesus said, "If you don't forgive every man's trespass from your heart, neither does your heavenly father forgive you." Amen. Let me just read. Amen. uh Matthew 6 uh verse 9-16 uh as we just bring that that quote a little bit more to life uh he just quoted scripture out of Matthew 6 and uh we'll we'll read that really really quick. Hallelujah. Amen. Three freeing words. Amen. Matthew 6 and let me just grab hold of that and I think uh let's see I want to go verse uh verse 9. All right. It says um after this manner therefore pray ye our father which art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. Now I before we go further, Jesus is teaching his disciples how to pray. Yeah. And and and and you know, this is not a long drawn out prayer, but it has a lot of different elements in this prayer. Uh there is some praise in this prayer. There's some worship in this prayer. There is some submitting to the will of God. Uh in this prayer, there is some forgiveness uh in this prayer. There's certain elements that go along with prayer. Amen. When you're praying, amen, for someone, you're not praying that God would get them. [Music] Get them, Lord. No, that ain't prayer. Right. That is not prayer. I mean, you're you're asking God, God, God, God, God, God, for forgive forgive them. Amen. I mean, I know they hurt me and and Lord, I I I mean, I I I need your forgiveness and I'm asking that you forgive them for what they did for me, did to me, right? Hallelujah. It's three freeing words. It It's all right here in the Lord's prayer. And And notice now the very next thing he says after he tells them uh to pray this way. Hallelujah. The very next thing he says is um uh verse uh 14. For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you. And I love this on Father's Day because sometimes fathers have caused their children to be provoked. Amen. They cause anger, amen, toward in in their children's lives. That resentment and thing things that we fail to do cause resentment. Hallelujah. Amen. But I I I I want kids to know sometimes is that, you know, until you become a parent, you don't even understand what parenting is all about. And not that fathers intentionally try to do things to make you resentful, but but we just humans. And can I say we just fallen humans. Hallelujah. And you a fallen human, too. And one day you're going to recognize when you fail to be able to be everything your kids need you to be. And now they blaming you. And then you cause me to I'm resenting you. Well, all I tried to do is put food on the table. Right. Yeah. That's all I tried to do. I tried to put a roof over your head, right? But we live in a society where people want a lot more than just a roof over the head. Now, let me tell you something now. And and I know we we we listen to all this stuff, you know, different people, you know, cuz it's I I I believe that it's it's it's certainly our responsibility to meet emotional needs and and and physical needs and financial needs. I believe that the that is the man's responsibility. Say, but you got to balance all of that. He cannot only focus on the emotional needs. Somebody got to still pay bills. Hello, somebody. And and don't don't get me wrong. I think there's a balance in all this. Yet, I think a father need to be involved in his children's life. But it can't always be emotional needs. If if I'm just there to meet all the emotional needs and and and look, let me tell you something. You're going to get upset with me when we ain't got no where to live. But I'm here to meet your emotions, though. Now I'm I'm here for you. But daddy, when you going to go to work? It's a balance that we always trying to find here in life. Glory to God. Don't don't don't don't lean too far on one side. That's right. And if you ever find yourself leaning too far on one side, I got three freeing words. All right. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let me keep on reading. Yeah. Verse 14 says, "For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses." We need three freeing words cuz you know sometimes we can look back and say, "Man, dad fell. Dad did this. Dad did that." and and and and and you and in in some of our lives, my life, I'm I'mma be the example here. uh in my life my my biological biological father fell and you know I remember um going to you know I mean I'm I'll just be personal here but um when my my um there was a couple things that happened you know in my life because I was I was so um blessed by a stepfather and having him in my life. Uh, I got to a point in my life one time where I actually wanted my name changed and I didn't want to carry the last name Duff anymore. I wanted to carry the name Bur. That's that's how impressed I was by my my my my my stepdad. And I had a conversation and had a talk with my stepdad and and uh told him what I wanted to do. And I and I thought for sure he'd be just so happy for me to take on his name. But my daddy said, "Mm- no, no, don't don't don't do that. Uh, no. Keep keep your name. It it's it it's going to be all right." I said, "Wow, man." Jesus. Wow. But I didn't understand. Yeah. Until my biological father was passing away. and and and what happened in my life. I lost my biological father in November and then lost my stepdad in December in the same year. And um but I remember when my biological father got ill and um and I I was uh asked um they told me about it. They called me and they told me and I was at work and I remember um I got the call and and you know my boss could see my countenance change and uh so my boss uh he's like Jack what's going on? I say um you know my biological father is having heart failure right now and he's in the hospital and they you know um they've revived him a couple times. They just don't think he's going to make it. They said, "Jack, you got to go see him." I say, "Uh nah, not really. I mean, he he was never there for me. He was never there for me. I said, "No, you you got to go see him." I said, "I'll uh I'll look at some flights." So, I went and talked to my my my my dad. I said, "You know, this is what's going on. What you think?" He said, "You need to go see him." My dad was sick at the time. He said, "You need to go see him." I said, "Oh, Lord." So, daddy said it. I feel like, "Okay, I'm I'm I'mma make this happen." And I went up there and I and I got to the hospital and I got a chance to see my my dad, my my biological father and um and you know we had a talk and everything like that and um you know and and you know at that moment you can't talk about all of life cuz he's just he's getting ready to leave, you know. So uh just talked over a few things and we talked about you know being ready for when you leave here, right? And um you know so I had a had a chance just to kind of talk and pray with him. And um and when I left the hospital um my I left and my uncle was coming his brother was coming in and as I as I'm leaving the hospital and going out um you know I I make it back home after I want to say within a week of me getting back home they call and say daddy's gone. So um he was um um he was a part of a church because he wasn't living the way that they wanted him to live. They would they refused to do his funeral. I said that's okay. He he got a son that could actually preach his funeral. So that's that's no problem. Right. So you know we I I went back and and and not only preach but even helped pay for his funeral expenses, right? Because of three three words, right? and uh and I helped pay for his funeral expenses and and I'm sitting there and I'm going through the program and uh and you know I'm I'm I'm I'm just moderating and and handling the program for him and uh and I got I see all these young men they say you know that when they on the program they have uh people that can come up and speak for two minutes please all these guys get up speaking for two minutes and they talk about how this how Jackie Duff uh did this for him and did that for him and did this for him and I'm and I'm sitting there in the pool pit like Jackie Duff did what for who? I'm I'm his blood. I I ain't got that testimony. But in the but I can't I can't take that to the pull pit, right? I I I have to guard what I'm saying here. And uh because I'm sitting there like, man, that I'm glad he did it for somebody, but it didn't happen for me, Jesus. But because of free and words, I didn't have to go there with that. I I could just preach a sermon. And you know, and I'mma tell you, when when my my stepdad told me not to take his name, I realized what my name meant. When I saw my biological father's name on an obituary because now I'm carrying that name. God got purpose for everything. You don't have to be bitter about nothing. And I know fathers can do things to provoke us to wrath, but God has given us three freeing words so we don't have to walk underneath that wrath for the rest of our life. Amen. Let me uh give you a couple definitions. Unforgiveness. The root cause of unforgiveness is often deep-seated sense of hurt. is anger or betrayal leading to a desire for revenge or vindication. Uh and this can stem from various life experiences including past traumas, family dynamics. And so unforgiveness or wrath or uh uh uh provoking child wrath, it can come from family dynamics. Now, now let me give you let me just give you an example. uh in the in the in the household of of uh Jacob, he had 12 sons or Israel, he had 12 sons. You could see that he treated one boy a little different from the others. Joseph was given a rainbow coat, right? And and now he I don't know why he didn't think to provide the other brothers, other sons something, right? But he g he gives Joseph this rainbow coat and it create this anger. It create this resentment. It create these problems in the house. And let me tell you something that one coat cause problems for years. So So daddy, you got to watch the gift that you give your kids. You got to make sure that they all treated equally. Now, now don't don't get me wrong here. I realize you can't try to keep treat a girl the same way you treat a boy. Don't buy her no Tonka truck. Don't do that. And I'm just trying to treat you equally. No. Come on. Be sensitive to what what her needs are. Glory to God. Somebody be but find out what her needs and what her likes are and and try to get her something. Amen. Along those lines. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't buy her jumper cable. Well, maybe she do need them, but a a tool box, right? You don't you don't do things like that. Amen. And when it when it's time to buy cars, praise God. Amen. Here you go out and get one of them a Mercedes and then the other one got a hund a Hyundai. No, you don't do your kids like that. Everybody get Hyundai. And when you ready to buy your car, you go out there and buy your car. Amen. But but but we got we got to we got to realize sometimes you can create you can create bad dynamics in the family with decisions that you make. That's mama and daddy. But it's my f No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. All of them. All of them my favorite. Amen. All of them my favorite. and and and I expect to be all I I expect to be their favorite daddy for all my kids. All right. But unforgiveness stems from deepseated sense of hurt, anger, betrayal leading to desire for revenge or vindication. This can stem from various life's experiences including past traumas, family dynamics, and here's another one. Unfulfilled expectations. That's right. Amen. I was I was reading a poem. um about a lady who uh she wrote this to her dad and and I I read it and I and I said to myself, I'mma I'mma take that save it. I'm I'mma I'mma read that one cuz I think that'll be good for us on Father's Day. And some kind of way I I I didn't save it and and I couldn't get back to it even in my search history. But the um the gist of it was this lady talked about waiting always waiting on her daddy to come through and she say that um we would be home. We knew Friday was coming. We knew that we needed grocery in the house. We knew that we needed the lights on and we needed this and we expecting daddy to come home and bring mama the money so she can pay the bills. But uh when Friday would come, Friday would pass and there was, you know, daddy daddy daddy never showed up. Daddy daddy never called, daddy never said nothing. Now we're dealing with no food in the house. And now we're dealing with no lights on and and and we just I mean the water getting turned off, all kind of things happening because just daddy was not there. He didn't fulfill his expectations, right? He knew mama couldn't go out there and work. She got all the kids at home and and daddy, you was responsible for making these kids. But now now, daddy, when it's time to to to to to bring bring the money home, daddy can't be found, right? And and and so sometimes what happens, amen, with kids when they have to grow up and and I got stat I had some statistics when when kids grow up in a household where where where where where where dad is just not involved and dad is not doing the things that he needs to do, it really it really reres havoc in that kid's life. Yes, it does. It wres havoc, right? I mean many of the kids that they they find uh you know in prison uh that that come from single parent homes is it's I mean you got it's a higher number of children going to prison that because they didn't have a dad in their life. It's they actually say it's a higher number of kids like that with mental issues because they did not have a father in their life. Daddy wasn't home. Daddy wasn't there to to take care of things. They they they they grew up with years and years and years of resentment. This lady just was talking about, you know, how they they she looked for daddy to come and support mama through these hard times, but daddy just never came through. And and and because of the failures of daddy, this lady just held on to a lot of bitterness. And I want to tell you something. Uh when when when I go through sermons like this, I know some of y'all can go in your minds like, "Yeah, I remember my daddy. He failed. My daddy this. My daddy." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But God has given you three freeing words. God has given you three freeing words. Amen. Here, let me read this from the message. The uncertain sound. Oh. Um yeah, that's fine. The uncertain sound. It says anything that's uncertain is unreliable. Anything that's uncertain is reliable. I mean unreliable. Unreliable. It says so so when uh when days of this time when they're not certain whether Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, leave the thing alone. says, "You can be certain, you can you you you can know it to be that he uh if if he never performs any more miracle on you, but the great miracle forgives your sin, that's the greatest miracle that God ever performed was to forgive a human being it sin." I want to I want to read that again. The greatest miracle that God ever performed, The greatest miracle that God ever performed was to forgive a human being its sin. My God, my God, my God. He says, "Take a man and convert him from the things uh uh from the things look that that's changed his innermost being from the things that he once drank and gambled and done evil and things like that and all of a sudden turns him right back around to love and goes home to his wife and say, "Honey, I'm sorry and I' that I've treated you like that. Pick up his little children and hold them in in the arm. Daddy spent all of his money for whiskey and daddy's done this and the mother's been out all night and left you uh left left you children. I'll never do it again. God forgive me. And how that testimony that's one of the greatest things there is all the alcoholics anonymous and all like that can never change like that can. They can never do for the person. And brother Brandham is saying here, the greatest thing, the greatest miracle that God can perform on a human being is to forgive them of their sins. If if that's the greatest miracle that God can perform on a human being, not no not not remove cancer. Right. Right. No, not not not I mean, you know, uh any other ailment that you might have. No, no, that's not the greatest miracle. It's when God can actually say, "Oh, y'all y'all ready for these three three words?" It's when God can say, "I forgive you." Amen. And if th if those are if those are if that's the the greatest thing that God can give you, then what you think the greatest thing we can give to one another? Amen. Is when you can come to the threeing words and really mean it with all your heart. Amen. I forgive you. Oh, you want to go free? Oh Jesus. Oh my. Do me a favor. Get my book bag from back there. Let's bring it up here. Thank you very much. It's something when we when we can when we can do that. Why you carrying it with two hands? No. No. No. Why you Why you had to carry it with two hands? freaked [Music] you carrying the light version. You okay, brother? Yeah, I'm good. If you notice when brother Joseph brought that book bag up here, he brought it with two hands. And if anybody ever carried my book bag, they realize how heavy my bag is. Now, brother Joseph didn't hold it on his hands too long. If you notice, you know what he did? He put it on his back. But really, this still kind of heavy. And the the way for brother Joseph to get free is to actually just he asked me, "Can I put it on the chair? Yes, brother. You can put it on the chair. Can I tell y'all something? When you say, "I forgive you." It's like getting rid of the book bag. I'm talking about the really heavy book bag. You ain't got to carry that around all your life. You can set the book bag down on the chair. Yes. Hallelujah. And and that's not Joseph's responsibility anymore. He did exactly what I asked him to go get my book bag. But I ain't carrying this book bag the rest of the day. I'm going to sit it right here on the chair. I'm going to get free of this thing. I forgive you are three words that will set you free. Thank you, my brother. God bless you. Let me get my Bible out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother Joseph. Brother Brandham was at a a meeting and we heard this in the sermon, the path of life. Um while we were listening to that tape a few weeks ago, this just sprung out to me. He had an experience where um something happened. Let me just let me just make sure I don't miss something here. I want to Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Make sure we where we need to be. Um he had an experience where this uh this this Lutheran dean had sent him a letter and he was saying to him, "Man, what what what what I drove all this all these miles through through a snowstorm to come and hear you preach and um can I just read it? Yes. Give me give me the path of life. But it's it's something about when the way that the way the prophet handled it. Yes. That's that's the thing that I want to kind of bring out is the way he handled it. Not only the way he handled it. I want to try to bring this into family life, right? I want to take this quote and bring it into family life because we we sometimes we don't understand and and sometimes we look uh to get things from people that they don't have. I'm going to say that again. We we look to get things from people they don't have it to give you. Oh my. We we want them to show a certain type of love. But you know what? The reason they can't show that type of love is because they never receive that type of love. And if they don't have that type of love, it's not in them to give it to you. I know you reading books. I know you listening to radio programs. I I I get all that, but that's not what people have in them all the time. And and what it is is is is is you're coming to a spot where you got to realize that since they ain't they ain't got it, I'm not going to hold that against them. Amen. You have to come to three freeing words. Amen. I'm going to tell you, when you get there, you can put your book bag down. Let's look at this. The path of life. The path of life. Recently, I had a meeting with the Lutheran Brethren. I guess you all heard of it at Minneapolis, Minnesota. And oh my, did he ever rake me over the coals in a 22page letter. Can you imagine that? a 22 page of the path of life. In a 22page letter, he said the very idea uh said, "I drove 15 miles last night through a a a blinding snowstorm. Thought I would hear a servant of Christ and what did I hear but a polished up soothsayer." says, "Thought I would hear uh" he says uh and and oh, he said, "The very idea of you, a man with 15 years in the mission fields and say you've been preaching the gospel for 25 years and said here here you here you use the grammar that you use and and the very doctrine that you speak." He said, "You even said so much last night that Satan could not heal." Said, "Shame on you for such a remark." This man is just really giving brother Brandham what for. It says, and I thought a dean of a Lutheran college, 22page letter to to to actually correct the prophet. Look, he says, and he said, write not, he says, he says, uh, right not far from our college here, there's a woman with a familiar spirit. She puts a big apron on and the people comes in and she puts her hand and her hands on them and then she plucks their veins and get a little hair from the from the back of her neck and roll it up and get the blood on there and walk down to the creek behind her and throws it over her head like that into the creek starts walking out with her with her hands and said that people standing up there if she's constrained to look back the disease is on the uh on the blood of the person in her in in in her hair and said then uh when they look back the disease will come back to the person but if not said the person gets well the person's to get well and said about 20% of those get well and then you say the devil can't heal he correcting or trying to correct the prophet look at this says oh he had a good mental approach the brother that's not what we approached not mental we approached the scripture and and often times even and families, we got a good mental approach, but we don't understand that that that that the dynamics are really different in in the economy of God. So, we can't approach things mentally. And and again, this might have worked for this family over here, but it might not work for your family. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We we must trust God. It says he says um he says um well, 22 page letter didn't even address me as brother. Look at this now. The man wrote 22 pages. Never even said brother Brandham. I don't know what he called him. Brandon. Okay. And that now you know people doing that nowadays, right? They they got total disre disrespect for the servant of God. Now let me tell you another thing in the household, in the house, in the family. Don't you get so disrespectful children that you're calling your parents by their first names. That's right. That's right. No. My daughter just don't walk around and say, "Jack, I'm doing this." No. Amen. No. Try again. And And that that mean try again. Cuz if I hear that come out your mouth again, it's going to be something. Yes, sir. No. Don't. The kids got to be respectful. is dad. It is mom. No, no, no, no, no. You got to be respect. No. Just call him by No. Don't call me by my first name. Not my child. That's right. No. No. No. No. No. We ain't got that. No. It's our relationship ain't on that level. Hello. That's a sign of disrespect from a child when they're calling their parents by their first name. Amen. Even in the church, I don't like to be called by my first name. Put a brother in front of that. That's it. Amen. Amen. Oh, Lord. Amen. Uh-uh. When we when we were we younger, you you know, you you had to talk a certain way. You didn't you didn't talk the adults like that. No. Brother, Mr. Sister. Amen. All right. Now, somebody glory to God. I done had it brother. Just Jack. Jack Jack, just relax here, brother. Just put a brother in front of that, right? And I I don't heard even young people. Woo Lord, you man, you're 30 years younger than me. You don't you don't do that. No. No. You don't know me like that. If my brother said that, that's one thing. I'm talking about, you know, raised up in the same household, brother. That's one thing. But you don't say that. put a brother in front of that. Amen. Amen. And and and if you can't call your your your your your your parents uh uh dad or mom cuz they just been that bad to you, put a brother in front of it. your brother mama a brother daddy sister mama let me come on come let me keep reading he said well 22page letter didn't even address me as brother just said Brandham so I thought well he said are you talking about your years and I was preaching the gospel before you was born and I thought a man that's preached the gospel that long should have respects no matter what he is that's right He should have respects no matter what he is. And as as Christians, we should have respect no matter what. Right? See, we should respect him. So I sat down and addressed him my little scratch and the best I could. He said he got he had the man wrote 22 pages to brother Brandon. Brother Brandham work wrote two pages back to him. He says the best I could two pages to recognize him. I said, "Brother, dear, I sure appreciate the many years that you have spent and all this." I said, "I I appreciate it, a servant of Christ, and I do appreciate the criticism." Now, a man that can't take criticism uh to us to correct us, to make us see our our bad points. I've been um I'm sorry. I think I missed it. So a man a man that can't take criticism, there's something wrong with his experience. Amen. You see, because uh uh God sends criticism to us. Amen. Uh uh to correct us, to make us see our bad points. I've been helped so much by criticism. Yeah. So, so brothers, we got to say amen. When we doing things, I have done things that could have caused some problems. Just Lord, I see my I see where I fail. I I didn't meet all the expectations of my family and I could have done better. All right. All right. Amen. Look, let me tell you something. Even right now, there's things I can still improve on. There's things I can still improve on. And and you got to be open to trying to bring improvement to the family dynamics. Lord, help me Jesus. He says, uh, I've been helped so much by criticism that that that's friendly criticism. Just not get nasty and angry, but just friendly criticism. So I said, I appreciate it, sir. And then I said, there's just one thing I would like to express here. As you were speaking of my grammar, of course, I'm not I have no education. That's true. But I said the thing what surprises me that a ding now I'm a man ain't got no education. I admit that. But I know you got some education because you are a dean of a Lutheran college. What what surprises me is that a dean of a Lutheran college would base his theology upon an experience instead of the word of God. When you talked about the witch that could heal, I said Jesus said if Satan cast out Satan, then his kingdom is divided. So therefore, he cannot heal. Now, now it says, see, he said Jesus said he couldn't heal and you said he could heal. I'm going to believe Jesus. Amen. Amen. Oh my. I just love this wisdom here. See, that's right. It says because he said, "Let every man," Now he took him to another scripture. "Let every man's word be wrong and his right." I said, "I believe Jesus." And surprising to me that a dean of a Lutheran college would base its theology upon an experience on an emotion instead of the word of God. I said, "A dean or anyone else in a minister should bas his theology upon the word of the Lord." And I said, "I'm certainly in what you call to be a soothsayer." Watch this. He said, "I presume it was discernment that you was talking about discernment." And I said, "Did you know that the Pharisees and Sadducees once made that remark themselves when they seen the same thing done by our Lord called him be elabub?" I said, "Now perhaps? What if I am right? Now Jesus said when the Holy Ghost has come to do the same and to speak a word against it, it would never be forgiven in this world or the world to come. No matter about your 50 years of of of been preaching a word against the Holy Spirit. And look at this. He says, "I said I forgive you for that and I know that God will for he's seeing that you didn't understand it." That that that that that right there is a very freeing statement. Sometimes we've we've we've looked for daddy to be this. Daddy cannot be God. He'll never be God. The only one that can provide all what you're looking for is God. Amen. Amen. Right. But but here's the thing. There's certain things and and and like brother Ram said, the reason that you said that, the reason you feel the way you feel is because you didn't understand. Let me tell you something. If you ever had a chance to really go back in a person's life and see what what really made them the way that they was, they they I'm talking about their full dynamic. That's right. And and you'll never be able to get all that. There just certain things that shaped us and mold us and made us the way that we are. I mean like like I'm telling you I was raised by uh by a stepfather. My my biological father was not in my life. Just wasn't there. And I remember there was been many times we had conversations. He would tell me, "Oh yeah, yeah. I'm coming down to see you and I'm coming down to do this and I'm coming." And um he never came. I can tell you from my p my mind, I can only remember one time my daddy came. That's when I got married. And I was shocked that he came because the religion that he was in, they didn't go to other churches. And we was going to have this have this this um uh wedding inside of church. And I'm like, "Uh, you coming to my wedding?" He came came with my little brother, showed up on when they had the bus station downtown. Went down there and picked him up. I was shocked. My daddy is here. He had never come before. He'd never come before. But you know what? Again, I got free in words because I ain't got to hold that over his head. When I when I went to see him in the hospital, like, you know what? It ain't going to really matter. Don't matter. I You know, I all I can say is my life has been blessed. I mean, I I I thank God for Roosevelt Burgers who stepped into my life. My life has been blessed. Lord, right? So, so so so I say I can't what I what I do and I had to tell my my biological father this. I say, you know, I give you respect because you are the man that brought me into this world, but I give Roosevelt Birds respect because he's the man that raised me in this world. I don't have a problem giving both of you respect. I ain't taking sides. I ain't got to. Right. I've been blessed by the best. I I end up with two daddies. How many people can say that? I've been blessed by the best. But just keep them in his place, you know. So I I You're going to get your respect because you brought me into this world and I'm not I'm not harboring any bitterness. Amen. Can I tell y'all something? Let me Let me Let me I think I'm Yeah, I'm about finished with that quote. He says, um, at the end of this quote, he says, "I forgive you for that. I know that God will, for he seemed that you didn't understand it." and I wrote him the nicest letter that I could. Later, I got a letter inviting me to come up. So, when when brother Brandham offered this forgiveness to this man, it actually freed the man to be able to say, "Come on up here and pray for us. We want to receive the same Holy Ghost that you got." After a 22page letter berating, but brother Brandon, what freed him not only freed him, oh my, it freed the ding, too. I forgive you for that, my dear brother. Woo Jesus, that's freeing. Let me tell y'all, let me give y'all something. And I a little article that I was reading about uh forgiveness says in this article they said I I read one report of an astonished patient who was told by his doctor if you don't cut out your resentment I may have to cut out part of your intestinal tract. This is in the article. If you don't cut out part of your resentment, the doctor saying, "I'm going to have to cut out part of your intestinal tract." What this what he's saying here is you trying to figure out why you sick. We done ran tests. We done ran this diagnosis and we done did that. We done put you under all kind of stuff and we ain't found nothing. Well, now if we ain't found nothing physical, it must be something different here going on. And he said, if you don't get rid of your resentment, I'mma I'm the cut out part of your intestinal tract. Watch what he say. He says, fortunately, the man took the doctor's device. He had been nursing a bitter grudge against a former business partner. He want he went to see this man resolve their differences and forgave him. And when he returned to the doctor, his physical condition had cleared up. There was another lady who wrote a book called None of These Diseases. Dr. Si McMillan, I believe, uh reported that a forgiving spirit could save us from ulcerative colitis, toxic goiters. Uh it uh uh a forgiving spirit can save you from high blood pressure, scores of other diseases including ulcers, asthma, arthritis, neur neurodermatitis and heart elements. All possible effects of resentment. Not to forgive is to yield oneself to another's control. If one does not forgive, then one is controlled by the other's initiatives and is locked into a sequence of act and response of outrage and revenge. Tit for tat. He says escalating always. And typically what causes this is because people not willing to forgive. He says the the present is endlessly overwhelmed and devoured by the past. The present. We're in the present moment. We get into, man, we having a great time. We're doing this. We're doing that. And all of a sudden, something come up from the past and it shows that you never forgave that person. It changes the moment. I'm I'mma keep preaching. I'mma keep preaching. But to forgive is to be free from the past. Let me let me go on a little further. It said they said in this article further an unforgiving attitude is destructive to a personal relationship. It goes without saying that many close relationships especially marriage relationships are destroyed not so much by uh what has been done but what hasn't been done. The forgiving part hasn't been done. Right? It says forgiving one another. says where wherever I I wherever I fail to forgive another a wall of resentment builds up between us and eventually we become estranged right and but once I forgive feelings of love can be restored if that is appropriate. They go on and say this says however forgiveness needs to be genuine and not just a religious or sentimental act because it is the right thing to do. Right? If our forgiveness isn't genuine, resentment will poke its ugly head out at the most unexpected times. Like when a couple gets into an argument, they start dragging up events from the past that they still feel resentful about. Obviously, those things haven't been forgiven. Forgiveness may not forget the past, but it can bury it. I like that. Here's another thing that Brother Brandham says. It says um you know we have the ability to forgive but we can't forget. Only God can forgive and forget. So so with with us not being able to forget. I can't forget that my biological father was not there. That's the truth. But I don't have to be bitter about it. I don't have to be bitter about it. And I'm I'm glad that I had men in my life at the time that he was leaving here. Uh I had men in my life, my my boss at the time. I mean, even even that boss that told me to go fired me. And the way they fired me, Lord, I was I I could be very very resentful. But no, no, no, no, no. I I choose, Amen, to be forgiven because I know by them firing me, it pushed me to the area that God wanted me to be in. And God needed men like that to come and push me. Otherwise, I would have stayed right down that job. I remember with all this going on in my life with my my my my bi biological father, his brother uh did all he could to just try to be be there for me and my sister and and uh you know, he would try to you know, spend time, call us. He called me more than my dad did. And any promises he made, he he actually kept. Uh, and and I remember um when um when I when I got there to Alabama to uh um just to come see about dad and my my uncle was coming and I was going out and I missed my uncle by just I want to say a couple hours. He was driving down from Detroit and I had to fly out of u Atlanta so I had to get back to the airport and all that. So I missed him but he stayed there for the rest of the week. when my dad passed, uh, you know, he's the one that kind of let me know and and he told me what the expenses would be and he asked me, you know, would I be able to help out with some of the expenses? I said, "Yeah, we'll we'll do it." So, you know, we we we we we did all this and um Barrett, my dad, preached his funeral, and man, we had a good time. I remember that sermon uh talking about the um the um 23rd Psalm. I always like preaching that. And uh and as we as we preach that one lady sitting in the audience, she say, "I almost threw my shoe at you the way you was preaching." Say, "Please don't throw no shoe." But um at the end of the day, we were sitting at one of our relatives house and my uncle was just sitting in the car, sitting in the chair in the back and um and I went back to say, you know, "Bye. I'll see you. Got to head back to you know, Florida and everything." and and he looked me in my eye and he said and he just said these words. He says, "Jack, you're a good man." When my uncle said that to me, I knew he was saying a lot more. When he said, "You're a good man." He said, "You know what? You you didn't have to do what you just did. You could have just you could have held on to that resentment. You could have left me with all the responsibility of having to bury my brother, but you stepped up and you stepped in even though your daddy did you the way he did you. And I'm going to tell you something. It's not that I'm a good man, but because I got a a good father. Amen. That has changed me and given me three freeing words that I can respond differently. Amen. And and and and when I finish praying with my daddy and in and in in in the hospital, my expectation that I'm going to see him on the other side. Amen. And things that we couldn't get right on this side, they'll be made right over there. Amen. Amen. But I it's up to me to to practice the three freeing words. Yes. Amen. Joseph is a prime example. Let me give you two real quick examples. Joseph is a prime example of a man that um offered forgiveness. I want to go to Genesis 50 and verse 15. Yeah. I'll just read these two stories in from scripture and then I'll I'll just bring it to a close. Genesis 50 verse1 15. We got to understand this is u the end of Joseph's life. I'm sorry the end of his father's life. And um Joseph has gone through again there's family dynamics that that were created uh because daddy gave Joseph this this this rainbow coat and um caused jealousies. It caused caused resentment. It caused all kind of stuff. Caused his brothers to get so jealous of him that they said, "You know what? We're gonna get rid of this fell. If we have to kill him, we'll kill him. But we we can't keep living in a in a condition like this at home. Daddy. Daddy don't see what he's doing. So, you know, Joseph comes out there to see about his brothers. Uh, a couple of them want to kill. Then the others like, "No, no, no, no. Don't do that. No, don't do that. Let's just put him in this pit till we can figure out what we're going to do." They put him in the pit. And others, you know, one saying, "I'm going to go back and free him from that pit." But before we can get back, the others saw some some merchant men coming. They said, "We'll just sell him off as a slave." pick the boy up out the pit pit, sold him off as a slave, and then uh come up with a lie to tell daddy that he's dead. They lying for years about this death. Now, uh time goes by, Joseph ends up down here, not only uh enslaved, but now he um ends up in prison because of a lie from Piper's wife. All these bad things happening to Joseph because of resentment from his brothers. But God was in the whole plan. And see, Joseph, Joseph, Joseph actually understood better that God was in the plan. And And let let me tell you something. I understand no matter what my biological father had not done, I understand God had a greater plan. Oh my. And when I look at just, you know, I I got a I got a I got a younger brother right now in prison that was raised by my daddy. in prison right now. Call me quite often, right? In prison. Had I been raised in that environment, where would I be today? So sometime God allows certain things to happen in order to get you out of environment because he want you somewhere else. See, and and when you understand that God got a greater plan, then you just my life is in your hands. So, Joseph come to realize this and now you know uh even gives Pharaoh this dream about a famine and Joseph interprets the dream from prison. Had he not been in the prison that he was in, he would have never come into Pharaoh's presence. Had he not been sold into Piper's house, he would have never come into Pharaoh's presence because the being been being Potterer working for Pharaoh, Potterer could put Joseph in a prison that only people that were close to Pharaoh would go to. This was God was very very strategic. This wasn't just a regular prison. No, this was a prison that only potterer's pe I mean Pharaoh's people would go to people that were close to Pharaoh. So that's why the butler was there. That's why the baker was there. They didn't just go any any prison. My God. God God is smart. Yes. So he puts Joseph in his place and then and and and and he interprets the the dream of Pharaoh, you know, when he has the opportunity got raised to second in power and and while he's there second in power, then all of a sudden the famine is driving his family back into Egypt. Daddy comes, but daddy dies. And um after daddy dies, the brothers approach Joseph. Oh Lord, daddy's done and we the one that did this and daddy was the glue to hold it all together. Let me tell you something. Daddy not the glue. Your heavenly father is the glue that holds it all together. Watch what happens here in scripture. Let me read quickly. Um when Joseph's brethren thought their father was dead, they said, "Joseph will per adventure hate us, and would certainly require us all the evil which we did unto him." And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, "So shall you say unto Joseph, look, look at this. Daddy said forgive. Daddy said forgive. Cuz see if Joseph does not forgive, oo, life gets really, really tough for these brothers. But daddy encouraged you to forgive. No, no, no, no, no, no. Look, look, look, fellas. Y'all lying in the first place. This is the daddy didn't send that. But see, Joseph was at a place where he didn't necessarily need daddy to say that. He'd already heard from a different daddy. It already changed his heart. And by by having his heart changed, look at how he responds to this, right? It says um um uh uh truly uh uh uh so shall you say unto them, Joseph, for Joseph, forgive, I pray thee, this trespass of thy brethren, and their sin, for they did they did unto thee evil. And now we pray thee, forgive the trespasses of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him. He's crying. Look at this. and his brethren also went and fell down before his face. They said, "Behold, we be thy servants." And Joseph said unto them, "Fear not, for am I in the place of God. But as for you, ye thought evil against me." It's freeing words. That's right. You thought evil against me. Look at Look at Joseph is a changed man. You thought evil against me. But God meant it unto good to bring to pass as it is this day to save much people alive. Jesus. And then he goes a little further. He said, "Now therefore, fear ye not. Stop act stop acting this way. Yeah, I know you did this and I know you, but you ain't got to be acting funny around me no more cuz I forgive you. I really I I in my heart I forgive you. You don't have to worry about these things no more. Don't Don't let the devil keep bringing this back to your mind. Therefore, fear you not. I will nourish you. I'm going to feed you and your little ones. and he comforted them and spake kindly unto them. I'm gonna tell you when true forgiveness comes, it will it will cause kind words to come forth as well as kind actions. Three freeing words. I forgive you. Amen. as um we processed this Father's Day, I I I I I just want to encourage you if you got a dad that just wasn't there and he did so much. Oh, I I had I had some more here, but I'll just mention I think I I got one quote that I want to read and I I'll close. Uh this quote is coming from um the great commission. Yeah, let me give this one. But if you got a father that just wasn't there and he just, you know, m maybe you just you despise daddy, I want to encourage you, use these three words to get to a spot where you can respect daddy, you can love daddy the way God loves you. Because if you can't forgive, then God can't forgive you. The great commission, here's the last quote. May I drop this little thing to you brethren as I know your different denominations. I think I've never talked like never like talked like this to a group of people but in this locality here and and throughout the nation it's become now it's becoming now if the devil can keep us separated he's got us shooting at one another. So he's got an open target anywhere he wants to shoot. And and what's the use of shooting? We're shooting one another. See? See? So he can just sit back and relax. That mean the devil don't even have to fight if we fighting with each other. But did you let me just give you if if I have found grace in your sight, the prophet is saying, if I found grace in your sight through God, you take my word for this, brother. If you want to be a blessing and get a blessing when a man has done you wrong and he is absolutely justly I mean he has done you wrong and you know that he's done you wrong. He's done some evil. Look at this. Don't mention that. You take him to prayer before God. And don't just don't take it in a way of just a selfish and say, "Well, I'm supposed to do this." But but stand with your shoulder to his shoulder and stand in the presence of God our father. Uh uh the way of prayer should be made in the presence of God. Say, "Father, here's my brother and he's justly he deserves punishment because he's done me evil. I don't see why he did it. It says, "Then let God go to talking to you, not talking to him. Let God go to talking to you, and you'll see maybe what that man's been through. The devil has twisted him up somewhere and cause him to do that. Though he's absolutely wrong, before you leave the throne of God, you'll be feeling sorry for that man because God will reveal to you something that show you why the man act the way he act because something happened in his life to cause him to be that way. Right. Prayer will allow you to be able to look into a deeper realm of things. Yes, sir. I'm I'm I mean, when you really take it to the Lord in prayer. Yes. It says um before you leave the throne of God, you'll be feeling sorry for that man. You'll be sympathizing with that brother. And when you get back down to where uh earth again, you'll go over to that brother and shake his hand because you know what he's been through. You can't stand with a mortal in the presence of God and condemn anybody. I don't believe. No sir. Even if he's a rank sinner. And what about a brother that made a mistake? Though I say he's wrong. Sometimes he's accused wrong when he's not wrong. But if he is wrong, well, if he will if we will take him to the throne of God, stand there shoulder-to-shoulder with our brother, knowing he's immortal, and maybe his destination rests upon our attitude towards him. And see, when you got unforgiveness in your heart, you usually have a really bad attitude. But somebody's destination is resting on your attitude towards them. I want you to go beyond the fathers. I want you to look just in your own life and other people that that that maybe have done you wrong. Their destinations resting on how you respond to them. Forgiveness just it's all over. We got to be able to we got to forgive. And amen. uh uh uh co-workers, classmates, uh my God. Family members, church folk, members of forgiveness just goes all over the place. Oh my. Their destination rest upon your attitude towards them. And when it comes back from the throne of God, we realize that we're everyone guilty and we all need help from the other. And the best way to do is pray. And let me tell you something. When you pray, the scriptures say forgive. Brother Brandham actually said that uh faith is actually based upon forgiveness. You can't even have faith if you don't have forgiveness. God, let us let us experience these freeing words. I forgive you. Let's pray. Father, oh God, just a thought here on Father's Day, you've given us, oh God, just to ponder and to think about. Lord, brother Solomon was me mentioning earlier how um we have sometimes the sick in our midst and and and the prophet said there should not be one feeble one among us. But oh God, maybe the reason that we might have these things in here is because we haven't come to a place of complete forgiveness, Lord. A a a releasing a dropping of the bag, not holding on to these things that weigh us down. The scriptures say we got to lay aside every sin and every weight that so easily besets us. And unforgiveness is a weight that could easily beset us. Stops people from fellowship. It stops people from Lord just loving their neighbor as themselves. that stops us, Lord, from from doing the things that uh re that that actually show the life of Christ in us. I pray Lord that this would just be something that from the pull pit to the back door God that we would search our hearts, search our relationships, and Lord, if there's anything that would uh Lord, that stick his ugly head out that we would try to get those things sorted out. Lord, we we we are people believing you for a a church and for a school and and if there's anything here that would be blocking us from receiving the blessing that you have for us, God, help us to search these things out, that we would make these things right, our hearts would be changed from the inside, God, that we bring glory and honor to yourself. We want to be right, God. We don't want to harbor and hold on. Some of us are experiencing illness in our body and sickness because of unforgiveness. Lord Jesus, thank you for your word. Thank you for your spirit. Thank you for constructive criticism. Thank you, God. We can receive it. And Lord, we want to be better. We really do want to be better. So help us, God. Bless these families, oh God. And Lord, I just pray that you bring a unity in every home. Lord, if there's things that the fathers have to make right with their families, then Lord, just let them make it right. Lord, just as Brother Brandon made it, uh, just offered forgiveness to that dean and how it changed not just that dean's life, but Lord, all those that were in that college, they he prayed for them to receive the Holy Ghost and all of them received the Holy Ghost because of of of a free comment, a free instatement. Help us, Lord, to free not just one another, but to free ourselves because forgiveness is to set the captive free only to realize that we were the ones in captivity. God, I I I just thank you for your word today. Let it make a difference in all of our hearts. In Jesus name, we ask it. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you, church. Amen. Three freeing words. I forgive you. Amen. God bless you. I turn the service back over to brother Solomon. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] Burn like a fire. Verse one. [Music] I just want you can stand with me if you will over every heart in every mind [Music] I speak Jesus. Oh, [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] till every dark addiction starts to break. speak and there is freedom. [Music] I speak Jesus. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, take every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Your name is power. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Yeah. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak your holy name. Jesus. Say it again. Jesus from the mountains. Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus from my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Oh, cuz your name is power. [Music] Your name is healing. Your name is life. Yeah. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. [Music] I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Father, we want to speak that great name, Lord Jesus. Lord, after a message like this that we've just heard, Lord Jesus, Lord, from your heart to our hearts, you want us to forgive. Lord, we want to have a forgiving spirit, Lord. As Peter asked the Lord, how many times shall I forgive my brother today? Seven times. And the Lord Jesus said, seven times 70. 490 times. Lord, that's not saying just forgive 490 times, but have a forgiving spirit. Lord, before someone sins against us, Lord, we want to forgive. But Lord Jesus, we want to give them an opportunity to come, Lord God, and make things right. So father we pray Lord Jesus as we forgive our brothers and our sisters Lord we also want to forgive ourselves Lord many times we wrong ourselves Lord Jesus when we think that a brother or sister may have something against us and we get a complex Lord Jesus and Lord sometimes we stay away or try and shy away from one another Lord Jesus that's not right Lord it's just Satan playing with our mind. Lord, it's us shooting at one another. But Lord, we need to forgive knowing that our brother and sister would never want to hurt us or harm us. It's just Satan, Lord. So, Father, we pray almighty God, just be with the hearts and minds of your children, Lord. We want to bring each one into your presence, Lord. Asking, Lord God, as we forgive, Lord, not only our enemies, Lord, but one another, Father, forgive your people, Father. We pray for our pastor, Lord Jesus. Lord, what he's gone through, Lord. The message that was brought forth to us is because of what he went through in life. Lord, he could have been very bitter, Lord, and we could have heard a different kind of message this morning that would have would not have benefited us, but it was your grace in his life, Lord God, to help him to overcome himself. And Father, may we all overcome ourselves, Lord. Give him strength, Lord, to his body. Give him rest to his heart and to his mind, Lord Jesus. And father, may he continue to press the battle and know, Lord, that we believe your word and believe what he has preached. Father, now may we go be doers of this word. Be with the people as we leave this place, Almighty God. Go before each one, Lord. Make their path straight, Lord Jesus, and bless them all that they put their hands to. Again, Father be with Sister Vera, Lord. Bless the family, Lord. May they all be encouraged in you. And we thank you Lord for brother Willie Lord stepping up Lord to be a blessing to the family. Father he's always been a blessing to us. Bless each one Lord God. We'll be careful to give you the praise on and glory for all that you accomplish within our lives. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. You may have your seats and our brothers to come and dismiss you at this time. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart in every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. Ask Jesus. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat.
