################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - The Image of Overflow and the Struggle - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (04-02-2025) - Quintin Fulgham Jnr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-02
Title:    The Image of Overflow and the Struggle - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (04-02-2025)
Speaker:  Quintin Fulgham Jnr
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyh6BIBeIdI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] forever and there is nothing greater than you. Oh Lord God, be with us in this message, oh Lord God, and bless our time with you, oh Lord, in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, the title of the message, we'll get right into it. Um, the Lord put on my heart, um, is the image of overflow and the struggle with the subtitle of you are your victory. Right? You are your own victory. And so, we're going to start our reading out of John uh John 14 uh vers 12 through 20. can just say amen once you get there. And we'll start reading that to get the foundation of our message. And it reads, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do, he do also." And here's here's a good part. And greater works. So the theme of the year is overflow. So God already saw in mind that there would there would ha there would come a time where there would need to have a overflow anointing fall on a peculiar people for them to do now the the prophet told us it's not to do magnifying works in him but just greater meaning more than what he did right so we should actually see more of God than what he was in flesh in the Lord Jesus Christ right so it says and greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my Father, and whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If ye shall ask anything in my name, I will do it. If you love me, keep my commandments, and I will pray the Father, and he shall give you you another comforter, that he may abide with you forever. Even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him. For he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Yet a little while in the world shall see me no more. But because you see me because I live, ye shall live also. And we like to see this verse right here. Verse 20. At that day ye shall know that I am in my father and ye in me and I in you. May the Lord add a blessing to his word as you take your seats. Alrighty. Um, so we're going to get directly into a quote uh that the prophet had uh spoke to just get a little bit of context for what we're going to speak on. It's uh it was in written in the it was spoken in the word the spoken word is the original seed 620381 paragraph uh 327 through 3 um 330 wait 332 a little bit 332. All right, I'll just I'll just start reading it while they get that together. It reads, "That proves that God speaks his message through his servants. Always has." That's right. Now, the power of the believing church, that's you and I. Christ has all power in heaven and earth. So, you believe that? That's what the prophet says. Now, what if he's in you? Has Christ got all the power? The church there said, "Amen." He said, Matthew 28:18. All right. He is the seed word in his body and he in us becomes the seed word in us. what all that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was poured into the the church. That's the power. Now watch God's God. Remember God's law of reproduction. Now remember after its kindness, right? The seed of Christ, the word must come through his body which is me and you, right? We have a role to play in this. God God has great expectation uh for our part on uh on earth. And and in fact, one of the revelations that the the prophet God revealed to the prophet in the book of Revelation was the revelation of Christ and also of Christ, the works that Christ would do, but also the works that his body would do too in this last day. Right? And in order for you to be able to do the works of Christ, you have to have the seed of God inside of you. There's an image that you have to have in order to be able to do those works. So he reads here, he says, "Are you getting tired?" All right, just a minute now. Let's just hold quiet and pray. I want to get this in real good. I want the I want this to grind down. The seed of Christ must mu s must come through his body. Not through a denomination, but through a bornag again seed of the word. It must come through. Now remember what it is. Christ seed. How does my how does my seed come? Through the body. How does the apple seed come? Through the body. And in uh paragraph 332 reads, seed is through the body and the church is the body of Christ. That's right. the Bible church. This birth produces that's the new birth himself and body his church and his word so that the people can see the confirmation of Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. So the greater works God expects to see those in his people of today. So this is a little continuation from the message that I preached last time. We talked about how um Christ had received his overflow after he had come on earth and he obeyed the will of the father and God took him through diff different trials of his life to show that he was fit to rule. Um and so now from reading this quote we know that that power that Christ has already been given is now in us just by receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Right? That power is something that is uh it's it's a real power. It's a power for that. When you speak the word, you should see results come too. And if you don't see results coming through, then that means there's something there that's wrong, right? So before we get a little bit into uh this image, we want to see why this struggle comes into the play because the title is the image of overflow and the struggle because usually there's always a struggle that comes into play with the things of God. Even when Christ was born, right, uh his birth, his parents had to hide him. his parents had to uh uh take him all over the place because there was a struggle going on because of a work that was in this child. Right? And the enemy it looks at your life the same way. Right? Not just Jesus Christ. The enemy is looking at your life because God wants to do something through your life as well. Right? So, we're going to look at this struggle and how the struggle comes to play in Genesis uh chapter 3 um verse 15. And I'll go ahead and read it. And it reads, "And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." Right? Now, this is God speaking to the serpent, right? And it's interesting because it makes us realize once you kind of really put your spiritual thinking caps on there that um not only has God given us promises to stand on, but the enemy has promises from God that he can stand on as well. Right? So just as much as you standing on the word, he's standing on the word too for what he can do to you. Right? So we see now we got to struggle because we both got a word from God. But thanks be to God that our word has a greater ending. Amen. God put stipulations in us that we have to win. Right? He put a difference there. So no matter the struggle which is going to be there, you have to come out on top just because God said so. Right? So he's given the enemy promises to stand on. Uh and the enemy I mean he believes the word fully. He doesn't doubt the word at He doesn't doubt not one one dot of the word that God has given him to bruise each and every single one of our heels. He believes it fully. So that means we have to believe the word fully too in order to combat against him as well. Um, and you know, sometimes we get into um, the prophet described it as sometimes you get the blues or you get down and stuff like that and you know, you begin to complain about having chronic back pain and you begin to start complaining about uh, getting colds and you're struggling about this life struggles all over and woe is me and stuff like that. But we have to remember uh, as believers uh, that we shouldn't worship our circumstances, right? We should not worship the circumstances and the troubles that come in our life. No matter how great they are, they're just obeying God's word. They're just obeying the word of the Lord. So, you can't really get upset with them. That's why uh the Bible says, "Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good." Right? So, you have to overcome what the enemy is doing with you by believing the word. You can't get upset with him. Yeah. You just have to believe that, hey, God's allowed you to do this thing, but I still have a word that shows I'm going to be on top at the end of this thing. Amen. Right. The Bible says that everything obeys the voice of God. That includes Satan and his angels. They all obey obey the voice of God. So, we're going to go back and see a scenario where um Jesus was before Pilate, and it's actually John 199 through3. And we're going to re we're going to see how Jesus um how Jesus dealt with a situation where he was going through a time where they this is a time where they had captured him and they were trying to crucify him. Um and it reads and went and verse 9 reads and went again into the judgment hall and saith unto Jesus whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer. And I like I love I love the Lord Jesus Christ because in the word when you read the word a lot of times people like to look at what Jesus was doing but you need we have to put ourselves in his shoes in our situations. So when the enemy comes to you with questions you don't have to respond to everything he says. Right? When he prevents you, when he when he presents you with fear, when he presents you with a a doctor's report or he presents you with some kind of doubt, you don't have to respond to him, you don't have to debate with him. The beautiful thing about the word is the word doesn't need to be debated in order to come to pass. In the beginning, God spoke the word, believe it, and it was so, right? So, there's no other way that you can do it. You can argue with the devil all day, all day, all day. But at some point there's some questions you just don't answer him. So Jesus just didn't give any response back. And and I like that because it shows that silence is a weapon. Silence is a weapon. Amen. So in verse 10 we see then saith Pilate unto him speakest thou not unto me. So he's getting a little bit upset. So that makes the enemy upset when you don't say nothing to him, right? When you don't respond, that makes him upset. That's right. Right? Cuz it shows you don't believe in what he's saying. So he said, "Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify to crucify thee and have power to release to release thee." So now he's trying to inject fear into Jesus, right? But the the beautiful thing about this thing is that Jesus knew that the reason why he was going through what he was going through was because God had ordained it. So there was nothing that Pilate could say to him that could shake him. Now Jesus was a man and Pilate in this instance we know was the Roman uh empire that was the most powerful empire of the day. So when he says something, it had a weight behind it. And the thing I love about Jesus is that he struggled just like we struggle. So sometimes when we hear the doctor's report, we feel the pressure of what's been said, right? or when we hear some kind of uh bad report or some doubt against some promise that we have, we feel the pressure and power behind that thing. But this is what I like how Jesus responded to this in verse 11. It says, "Jesus answered, thou couldest have no power at all against me except it were given thee from above." Right? So he just turned the tables right back on the enemy saying, "Hold on a second, buddy. I don't care how powerful you think you are. That was the great he had Pilate had the greatest army backing him on earth. And Jesus said, I don't care how powerful you are. I don't care how big you are. I don't care how strong you are. Your power, you wouldn't have this power over me unless God said you could do it first. So Jesus knew how to worship God instead of his circumstances in the in the uh in the midst of a a great trial and a great power before him. Right? So, we don't want to worship our circumstances, right? We want to worship God and remember that God is the one that's in control. Right? So, we know that God has given us an overflow in this day. And we've been preaching about it. We've been talking about it. We've been believing it and living it. But do you realize that God has also given the enemy an overflow in this day in this day and age as well? Right. So, and this is overflow is is is not a good overflow. an overflow for uh for doing bad things, right? And we realize that the day and age that we live in today is there's never been a day like today where there's been so much sin in the world. True. The state of the world that we in today, I mean, you've never seen the way people live today. People have never lived like this before. So, I'm in college and we I'm in the I'm in this world history class and there was a picture that I saw back in the 1900s, early 1900s where you would see like police officers or people would go to these girls that were on the beach and they would measure their bathing suits to see if they were in compliance with modesty. Right? And if you take that picture and compare it to what's been worn today, it's completely different. It's what is being accepted in the world today is completely different. Sin is just running a muk uh now in our day. The so the devil indeed has been given power to do whatever he wants to do, right? And the thing about it is it's only going to get worse. It's only going to get worse from what we've seen uh right here. And that's not to discourage us, right? Because we're believers, right? We believe God is in control, right? It just means that it we have to receive an overflow in this day. God has to give us an overflow in this day in order to uh to combat that. It's not a if. It's not a maybe. It's not a you know, well, you know, if the Lord wills to give me an overflow, then you know, it'll be up to him. No, God has to give us an overflow in this day in order for us to not only survive, but to thrive, right? to show that there's a difference between his people and Satan's people. Right? So God has to show us, God has to give us something that can be seen and say, "Hold on. These people are way different than these ones." Right? In the beginning, God said he separated the night from the day. And he's going right back to that scripture. Right? So if the enemy is running a muck and getting richer and all that kind of stuff and with the wrong spirit, that means we got to be getting better with the right spirit. All right. Amen. Right. So, one of the things that we need and that we're praying for is we need a church in a school. Yes, sir. That's one of the things we need. We need a we we need a school. And you know, ever since they've taken prayer out of the school, the devil has been has gotten so comfortable. There used to be there used to be a a term um growing up when I was in high school, they called it hiding in the closet. And that was when all the homo homosexuals and stuff, they were afraid to say what they were. They were they were afraid to come to school and tell them and and say what they were and what their beliefs and and and and their lifestyles because that stuff wasn't accepted. Right? Now you take the prayers out of the school and everyone is a homosexual. Right? It used to be a time where um and I know this is a sensitive topic, but uh mass shootings. I remember I was the first mass shooting that I heard about I was in high school. Well, I experienced in my lifetime. I was in high school and it was at Virginia Tech. It was a mass shooting that happened at Virginia Tech and it was such a uh it it had such an impact on our school that it was just like, you know, everybody was just kind of downing about it. Nowadays, there's a mass shooting every single week, right? So, it's just gotten worse and worse and worse. Um, it used to be in school that if you had your kids would act up, the teachers had paddles. Yeah. They'll bring you to the front of the class and paddle you right in front of everybody. Right. And and then you went home and you got paddled again. But that ensured that when you came back to school, you wasn't acting up no more. You ain't want to get you didn't want to get embarrassed no more. But nowadays if a teacher corrects your kid now the parents coming to the school yelling at the teacher. So we see how God the enemy has just gotten very very comfortable right because now it's becoming common place. Now when you say mass shooting it doesn't hold as much weight as it did back then. Now you have people that are when they say homosexual nowadays it's just it's the norm for everyone. and he's gotten way too comfortable. So that's why we need a school cuz we want to show people that there are children in this generation that won't stand for those kinds of things. Amen. Amen. God has to raise up people to show that in the midst of what's going on and the overflow of the enemy has has uh brought on the nation, there are still people that are worshiping the Lord and living for the Lord and believe the fullness of the Lord. Right? So, we need an overflow to combat the overflow that's happening in the world. Right? It is our promise. This is something that we're not hoping for. It's something that we need and we need today. Um, another thing a lot of you a lot of you have your own businesses and one of the things about businesses especially when you're you're a self entrepreneur is you have the s market saturation that means everybody's hopping into the market right cuz everybody wants that dollar everybody wants some money every and uh the but the difference between you and the people that want to get into the uh the market they're doing it because of greed. They just want to get rich and rich and rich, right? They're not paying their tithes. They're not paying their offering. They don't go to church. They don't worship the Lord. They don't serve the Lord. But you serve the Lord, right? You pay your tithe. You pay your offering, right? And so God has to lift your business higher in order to show that there is a standard out there. He can't let the world and greed overshadow the light. Right? Jesus Christ said the light will shine if uh let your light shine. Right? So it's not even up to uh it's up to us to let it shine. But God has to bring an environment for us to shine the light, right? So the world can't overshadow us, right? So your business has to succeed. And the one of the problems that we see um for why we're dealing with a lot of this stuff that's kind of going on is uh it originates from Lucifer, right? And we're going to get more into that a little bit later. But one of the things that Lucifer had on his mind is he wanted a better kingdom than Michael. He saw that Michael was thriving and flourishing. He said, "Nah, nah, nah. I want some of this, too. Not only do I want it, I want it better than what he has." Right? So when you have a desire for a business, all of a sudden the enemy wants a business too. Right? And not only that, not only does he want a business, he wants his business to be better than your business and bigger than your business. Right? When you want a new church, all of a sudden the enemy wants a new church. And he wants a church bigger than your church, better than your church. And he wants to take the people out of your church and put them into his church. Yeah. When you have a desire to have a home, a godly home with children and stuff, all of a sudden the enemy wants a home. And now he wants your kids to be in his home, right? So every single time you have a desire, the enemy wants to come back combat you against that desire for something bigger and better. Right? No wonder Paul has said in the Bible, he said, "Every time I try to do right, evil is present." So it's a struggle. Every time you're trying to do the right thing, God puts a desire on your heart to start a business. All of a sudden, 10 other businesses hop up in the same place. And now you're struggling to fight, right? Because the enemy is trying to take your customers to make a bigger, better, more money-making business than you, right? Your desires based off what the God put on your heart. His desire is based off of greed. So now you got this struggle and this powerpool. But God has to let your business succeed. If God gave you the word, the word can't fail. No matter the circumstance, no matter the market situations, your word has to win. Your word has to win. So, um, the Bible also said that when the enemy comes in like a flood that God would raise a standard and the prophet told us that the standard is the word, but you've become the word. So, you have to be the standard. So, you if you have a business, right? Let's say um because um uh some like uh sole entrepreneurs like a real estate, right? You let's say you have your own real estate business and you want to help people get homes and you want to make some money too cuz God wants to bless you. But then you got people in the real estate market. They don't care nothing about the people. They want to flip the house just like that. Whether the house is ready whether they're 100% good or not. They just trying to get a dollar. So now all of a sudden you got this market saturated with people just greedy for money. But God gave you a desire to sell houses. So God has to make sure that you get business. God makes it sure that you shine above every sing everybody else because God gave you the word. So no matter the market situation, the word has to find a way to you in order for it to grow. That's the God we serve. Cuz God said when the enemy comes in like a flood, he'll raise up a standard. And when you become the word, just as we said, Jesus was the seed word. And the seed word needs a body and it comes inside of you. You become the word. So all of a sudden everything you do has to be blessed. Right? So we want to uh get back to this struggle uh and this uh image that we've um that we have cuz uh one of the reasons for the enemy's overflow in this day and age is he wants to prevent you from recognizing uh the image that God wants you to achieve. That's one of his purposes. He wants to prevent you from the revelation of what this image means to you personally, right? A personal experience, not what you can, not what you can emulate from other Christians, but what God is doing in your life individually, right? So, your spiritual and physical overflow was always trying to be blocked by the enemy because he knows you're going to win. He believes the word, too. And he knows that you have to win. So the only thing he can do is just try to block that which God has given him the strength to do that. So how many knows that Job was predestinated for an overflow? How many know Job was predestinated for an overflow? All right. So let's go read Job the first chapter. Uh we're going to read first chapter verses 6-2. Just kind of kind of see how this thing kind of pans out. And I'm hoping that you're finding yourself in the scriptures as we're as we're kind of going through this. So it reads, "Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came along with along uh came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, whence thou whence comest thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it?" And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and upright man, one that fearth God and is shoe of evil?" So the enemy wasn't even looking to pick to pick a fight with Job. God was the one that initiated this bet. So you have to look at your circumstances as you know what, this ain't even you. Sometimes God's just like, you know what, I'll let you go and just give him some licks. I'll let you go. I'll let you go. I I'll anoint you to go give them some back pain. I'll go I'll go and anoint you to take out their bank account. Right? I just want to I just I I Satan I'll let you go do all those kind of things. And we're up here just arguing with the devil and you ain't this, you ain't that, but you got to turn your focus right onto the one who created you. Um and Job, even when Job was going through, he said, "Though the Lord, though he slay me, yet I trust him." He wasn't arguing with the He wasn't arguing with the devil. He wasn't arguing with the circumstance. He put it right back on. You know what? God's the one in control having not been in that meeting. And God wants to give you that same revelation. In verse 9, it says, "And Satan answered the Lord and said, Doth Job fear God for not?" Verse 10 says, "Hast not thou made a hedge about him and about his house, and about all that he have on every side? Thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land." And and and you got to know that Satan believes and testifies of your overflow. He believes it. He's testifying of it before God. He knows you're blessed. He knows you're increased. He knows that you're ble you're you're you're highly favored. He knows that overflow is on your way. So if Satan can believe it, you got to believe it, too. For you not to believe that thing, that would look kind of crazy, right? that that that that will look that would look kind of that would look kind of funky, right? So um and then the other thing is um one the Bible verse it says here uh the Satan that testified he said has not not has not not thou made a hedge about him and about his house and about all that he have on every side. So the hedge wasn't just on Job, right? Wasn't just surrounding Job. It was surrounding his wife. It was surrounding his kids. It was surrounding his businesses. It was surrounding everything that he had to the devil was walking around the earth. He said, "Every time I pass this spot, I can't do nothing to nobody inside of there." Right? And this is just to to uh to reiterate what brother Jack had preached about how you know if you're if you're a youth and you're a kid and you're living with parents that have been baptized with the Holy Spirit, Satan can't do nothing with you while you're in that household. Satan can do nothing with you. He cannot touch you. Right? So here we see that the enemy knew he had no right to Job's loved ones. When he when he saw that hedge about him, he knew that he didn't have a right to uh the ones that Job uh uh loved. And this is a uh and this is a recommendation that I would have. It's not doctrine or anything like that. But if you're young, right, this is just something that I would recommend and you don't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I would stay with your parents. If you have bibleelving parents, right, stay with your parents until you receive the Holy Ghost. Because if you leave under their hedge of protection, you're going to be in a lot of trouble because you have nothing covering you anymore. All right? Cuz a lot of times the attitude of the world is when I get 18, I'm out of here. Right? It's the wrong attitude if you ain't got no power out there. If you don't know how to arm wrestle with the devil, you're going to be in a lot of trouble. Yeah. If you ain't got no strength, if you don't know how to pray, if you don't know how to read your Bible, if you don't know how to resist the devil, right, you're going to turn into something that you ain't never thought you could be. The the problem is people think that they can fight with their mind. But Satan is a lot more smarter than you. It reminds me of the story of the prodical son, right? And he left the he when he left the house, where he ended up was not how he left. Right. Right. The Bible says he was in a pig pin. You not a pig? How like what what what can happen between there and there to make you think that you're a pig. And when he he even confessed when he went back to the father, he said, "I'm not worthy to be a son. Just take me as a servant." His mind was so warped. So don't think you're just going to come out here and just live o any life. Yes. You have individuals uh women, the transgender people as they they say, you know, women that are turned to a a natural-born woman that are turned into a to a male. They have physical evidence. They are a female. [Music] So, what is the problem? You can't use education to fight Satan. He doesn't care how educated you are. Yeah. He don't care how smart you are, what you can see, what you can taste, what you can feel. The only thing that defeats Satan is faith in the word of God. God made me the way I am. That's the only thing that'll chase the devil away. Not how smart you are, not how much you know, just just quoting the word, God made me a man, and I've been made in the image of a man. God made me a woman. I've been made in the image of a woman. that will chase the devil away every single time. Right? There's not enough medication you can take. He don't care about your medication. He don't care about your therapy. He don't care about your feelings. Give him the word and it'll chase the devil away every single time. Amen. Oh yeah. So, and I want to kind of uh kind of type this thing because um my mom and y'all all know the story about my mom. My mom had me on lockdown. I didn't know that it was a hedge though, right? It was a hedge that she had around me and me and my sister. And this is a story that I told to the young ones. But I remember when I was in sixth grade and I remember I got this girlfriend, her name was Kayla, right? And you know, we were talking and you know, I remember I can't remember if she gave me her phone number or I gave her mine, but she called me one time and I want you guys to know that my my parents raised our parents raised us godly. So, we didn't know a lot about the world. We ain't know about the world's fashions and the what they do and the things that they say. We were innocent because that's how our parents raised us. and she came on the phone and she was saying some stuff, some very explicit things that I can't even tell you today what it was because I didn't know. But we I lived during a time where we didn't have cell phones. We had landlines. And if you was on the phone and someone else in another room picked up the phone, they could hear what you were saying. Right. Yes, sir. And so my mom was on the phone when she said that and she said, "Don't you?" She told the girl, she said, "Don't you never call this house again." Got off the phone, she came to me, she said, "I don't want you ever to talk to that girl again." Right? That's what you call a hedge. Right? You got And so, you need godly parents to be able to kick the devil out. The problem with today is that now we got cell phones, right? And I I know a lot of us have heard of the story of the uh the uh the Trojan horse where you had the story where the city was fortified and there was no way for anyone to get inside the city. So these people that were fighting against them, they got up they uh they decided to do a little trick and they created a gift for them. They said, "Hey, we got a gift for you, you know, and they cleared a Trojan horse and they gave it to them. So then they took the horse and brought it into the city and when everybody was asleep, they came out and killed everybody." And so Satan today, what he's done um is phones. Oh, we love to talk about how good they are, but phones have been of detriment to the family unit cuz the enemy sneaks him inside your house and now you got the young ones on the phone texting, talking to whoever they want to and not telling the parents. So my of course my dad wasn't right there so my mom was in charge but you always have to have a head in the house because you may not understand how the enemy is trying to trick you. But when when when the voice gets to the head the head's going to be like no no no we're not having that. If Eve would have had gone to Adam when the serpent that came to her and said hey Adam the serpent told me this Adam said no no you stay right here don't listen to anything that he says. He would went up to the serpent and said hey don't you talk to her. Right. and the problem would have been solved. But because she decided to do her own thing in Adam's house, it caused problems. All right. Come on, brother. So, we got to make sure that, you know, we have a hedge about our house. Because when you have a hedge, Satan can't do nothing. Can't do nothing to you. Can't do nothing to your kids. Can't do nothing to your business. Can't do nothing to your health. Can't do nothing to your mental health. can't do nothing to your loved ones and in fact anyone else you come in contact to they usually become blessed as well just because of what you have. Amen. That's the truth. So before we get a little bit more deeper uh into um kind of deeper into that concept that we're talking about um we want to ask ourselves you know well why does the enemy hate us so much? Why does he hate us so much? Right. Uh God had we already read that God said he was going to put enmity between us and him but there's a little bit more deeper meaning behind why that happens. I looked up what the word enmity means and that is a deep-seated hatred or ill will right. So if you love the things of the world the Bible says God the love of God is not even in you because God's trying to separate his people from the world. Right? And so in order for him to do that, not only do we have to love God more, but we have to hate the things of the world just as much, right? And so that's what God is trying to do uh to his church. And so this will also show us in regards to uh this will show us to how the enemy is preventing us to to uh from recognizing a revelation of what this image and what this image means to us. Right? So, in order to answer these questions, we have to go back before the earth was the ever ever was created. So, we're going to turn to Ezekiel 28 and read verses uh 13-15 and I'll just start reading now. It says, "Thou has been in Eden, the garden of God. Every precious stone was thy covering. the sardis, topaz, and the diamond, the buril, the onyx and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle and gold. The workmanship of thy tabs, and of thy pipes were prepared in thee in the day that thou was created. Thou art the anointed cherub that coverth, and I have set thee so. Thou was upon the holy mountain of God. Thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire. Thou was perfect in thy ways from the day that thou was created till iniquity was found in thee. Right? So when the Bible says the word cherub, we know that that means an angel. So Lucifer uh is an angel. He's a fallen angel now, but he was an angel, right? And verse 15 and in verse 13, there's a key word in there that says that he was created. And that's important to understand because it um it signifies that you know there was a beginning to something and the prophet told us that if there's a beginning if something has a beginning then it also has an end right and it says here that iniquity was found in Lucifer. But what was it? What was it that Lucifer was thinking of that caused this uh that caused this thing? Because this is in fact the first sin ever that ever ever happened. right there in heaven. And we're going to read Isaiah 14:12-14 to figure out what Lucifer desired. That was the cause of iniquity. And it reads, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning." So he had a position. "How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Right? So here his whole desire in his heart was to be like God. Lucifer wanted to be like God and that was the iniquity. Right? So, we're going to turn to God's power to transform preached in 65009 paragraph uh 103 through 5 to see what the prophet said about this. And he says here here notice the two type of Eden so closely typed together till almost deceive the very elected. Matthew 20:24 said that it would be that way. But I want us to stop for a few moments and consider these two Edens and one thing especially how the Bible tells us that God's word did produce that Eden and how God's word warns us that the other Eden would come. Now we also know that there has got to be another Eden. If we are to listen to the prophet Paul in second Thessalonians the second chapter I could read if you want second he he reads here he who exalts himself that day will not come of the Lord until that man of sin be revealed. He who sits in the temple of God exalting himself above all that is called God so that he is worship so that so that he as God is worshiped as God. And this is the the the part we want to uh key in on the prophet says think of that now Isaiah 14 the prophet said that he saw Lucifer in his heart through a vision. So this was a major prophet during that day and was and God had given him a vision of what happened before the earth was ever created in heaven. said through a vision under inspiration of God saying he would do that in Isaiah 8 in Isaiah 800 years before Paul or approximately that and what he's saying is that you know of course Satan came into power uh and I and uh and I believe that it's through the Catholic Church where now he's being worshiped as God but it isn't God it's Satan in the Catholic church right so his whole objective uh uh is to be worshiped right that's what his heart is he wants to be worshiped uh as God even No, he is not a god. Right. And we're going to read the seal of the antichrist. Give me one second. Okay, we we'll actually skip that. So, um the prophet says that Lucifer, the biggest thing, the other thing with the uh with Lucifer was that he was jealous of Michael's kingdom, which is why we struggle when we try to succeed in life. When God gives us a vision and God plants something inside of our hearts, you know, Satan is jealous of that, right? Satan is jealous of that blessing that we have that God wants to see in our lives and he'll do whatever he can uh to fight that thing. Right? And we know that the prophet referred to Michael the arch angle arch angel as Christ, right? As Christ. And we also know that messengers uh in this last day uh can be angels and sons of God. So we've had William Brham, we've had uh Wesley, we've had Luther, we've had Paul. were all angels and God's sons. All right? So, let's say we have then two images that we're looking at here, right? You have God's image and then you have an angel's image, right? So, before the foundation of the world, when God uh the prophet said when it was just it was just God in the uh beginning, he was the self-existing one. And so, he came down into a form called God uh in order to be uh worshiped, right? And an image is just attributes that can be expressed. So basically it's telling you what you can do, what you are and what you can do, what you're made of, right? And so we're going to find out a little bit of some of these uh images um where the prophet had mentioned he said that when God w uh God which means an object of worship when God was in the beginning he was a self-existing one and he had attributes in him. He was a savior. He was a healer. He was a a nurturer, right? He was a father, but he didn't have anything there to prove those attributes. So then what he did was he stepped down into a realm, put himself as God, and then he created angels, and now he became God because now the angels came onto the scene, and their sole purpose is to worship God. All right? Their sole purpose is to worship God. That included Lucifer. That was Lucifer's job was to worship and to uh uh and to serve and to serve the Lord. Right? So we begin to see uh the difference between these two images then. Right? One of the things is we were created to worship the Lord, but our worship is different than we're angels. The prophet said that when we get back to heaven that we'll sing songs that angels they don't know nothing about. They won't know nothing. We'll be we'll be singing, having a good time in the Lord, and the prophet said the angels will just stand to the side because they don't know what we're talking about, right? They are made in a different image than what we were uh we were made in, right? So, they can't worship like us. So, Lucifer was an angel, but the problem was his desire was to be a god. His desire was to be a god, but that's not how God created him. God created him to just sing and be quiet. Just sing, serve God, and be quiet. And it's interesting because, you know, even if Lucifer were not to fall, he'd still be your servant, right? He would still serve you, right? So, he hasn't lost his position. So everything he does, even when it's bad, it still serves you, right? It still serves God purpose in your life. He's still just a servant. Amen. He cannot escape his title. Amen. Right. So why does he hate us so much though? That's the question is why does he hate us so much? Right? And uh brother Solomon, one of my favorite verses is uh Philippians 2 uh 5-6, right? And it says this, this is the this is a Bible verse that God has given us men. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not a robbery to be equal with God. All right. So when Christ comes inside of you, you can have the desire to be like God. Right? Now Lucifer when he had a desire to be like God, it got him kicked out of heaven. But when we have a desire to be like God, it puts us into heaven. Right? So that's why he hates us because we are something that he can't attain even though he wants to be right. And so another thing about this image uh that we love about the image is because because we were made in God's image, there's another attribute that comes with it and that's a theme called redemption. Right? That's that's a theme called redemption. So when a man falls because he's in God's image, God don't want to just put him away, right? God can't put him away because that's um I was I remember I was um a lot of times, you know, we like to make fun of people in their features and stuff like that. We like to joke on people like their height and stuff like that. They say short kings and all that kind of stuff and people like to joke on all that kind of stuff. But uh we you have to remember that that is God's image. when you're looking at someone, that's the that's you're looking at God uh and what he created himself to be. So, one of the one of the um the themes of this image is redemption. And God wants to save man. See, the difference is when an angel falls, there is no redemption. That's it. When an angel fall, he's gone forever. Uh the Bible says that when Lucifer and uh his angels they lost the war, it said God sent them straight to hell. All right? No, no question, no plan, no hey man, you want to try you want to try this thing again? Do you want to try it over? He sent them straight on down to hell. So, and people today, you know, they'll they'll they'll ask you, well, why God is a bad guy? Why does he want to send people to hell? The prophet told us God didn't create hell for men. Amen. Hell was not created for men. It was created for Satan and his angels because God wants to redeem man when they fall. Right? So that's why he hates us because in the garden in the beginning when uh when uh God came to Adam and Eve when they fell he came to the serpent there was no redemption. Right? He look past and there was no redemption. Then he turned to Eve. He turned to Eve. He gave her a little gave her a little spanking. Turned to Adam, gave him a little spanking. The Bible says he killed the lamb, wrapped it around him, and as they walked out the garden, the serpent had to look at Adam and Eve going out in their mistake, knowing that there was hope for them, but none for him. Wow. Oh, he hates us. He hates it. He hates to see man that can be redeemed. And and and I and I love God because he's such a loving God. See, I used to get you you can get caught up in those arguments like, "Oh, God just wants to send people to hell. God just this." No, no, no, no, no, no. The more I read, the more I read the word, the more I realize how much of a loving God he is. In the time of Noah, you know that Noah created a really, really big ark. It was limited space. Not because God didn't want to save anybody, but because God is God and he knows everything. He knows who's going to be saved. He knows who's going to choose to be saved and who's not. Right? But the thing about the love of God was that the door was a big door. Right? It wasn't a hidden door. You didn't have to have a key. Anybody could have walked in and God would have saved him. Right? So God is a loving God and Satan hates that uh uh uh that we have uh that love of God. And the other thing is um God has given us dominion. God has given us power. God has placed us into a position of sunship. God has placed us into a position of glory. Right? The Bible says that creation groans for the manifestations of angels. no of sons and daughters of God. Right? God wants to see us in a position where we can be glorified. Which is why when you look at uh Joseph, Joseph a perfect type of Christ, right? Sold off into slavery, went down into a ditch, brought back up, went to the house, served, was an excellent servant. Everyone respected him. They lied on him, put him right back down into the ground. God rose him back up higher and higher, higher, and everyone had to look to Joseph. the uh God the Pharaoh had placed so much confident in Joseph that he was second in command and that's how God sees us and Satan hates that because it puts him in his place. So that's the reason why we don't have to struggle. You don't have to argue with the devil. You don't have to get upset. All you got to do is stand because you are your victory. May the Lord bless you. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, let's uh say a word of prayer before we uh before we close. Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you for the revelation that you gave us in this hour, oh Lord God, that the image we're shooting for, Lord, is not of an angel. Lord, that's why we don't we don't we don't we don't worship men, oh Lord God. Lord, we're thankful for the angels, these seven angels that you sit in the last day, oh Lord God, to show us the way, oh Lord God. But as Malachi stated, oh Lord God, it was to put our hands back into yours and your hands into ours to show that we are like you, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we can strive to be like you, oh Lord God. Lord, we can work to be like you, oh Lord God, because you created us in your image, Lord. The prophet said, Oh Lord God, that when you came down on earth and finished with the garden, oh Lord God, you created man, not flesh first. You created a spirit, man, because you're a spirit. Oh Lord God, you made us after your own self. Oh Lord God, that in so much that Jesus Christ said, "If you ask anything in my name, you would do it. Oh Lord God, Lord, we have some here that are sick. Oh Lord God, Lord, they're asking for they're asking for healing. Oh Lord God, Lord, there are some here, oh Lord God, they want their businesses blessed, oh Lord God. Lord, bless their businesses, oh Lord. Lord, there's some here, oh Lord, that have wewarded loved ones and children, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and they want to put the hedge back around their kids. Oh Lord God, you've made provisions for that, too. Oh Lord God, all they got to do is just speak. Oh Lord God, help them. Oh Lord God, put it in their hearts. Oh Lord God, answer their requests. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, give them the strength, oh Lord God. Give us all the strength, oh Lord God, to continue to serve you, oh Lord God, and recognize our power in you in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the word this evening. It was worth all the struggle of getting to church on them Wednesday night, wasn't it? Worth every bit of it. Amen. That our not our hearts burn as spoke to us by the wayside. Yeah. Amen. If your heart didn't isn't overjoyed for the the word of God, you need to get back to the altar. Amen. This is just wonderful word there. God bless you, brother Quinton. Amen. Thank the Lord for you, our brother. Amen. We won't hold you long. We'll just go over the church announcement. Our projector's not working. Uh so just keep that in prayer. Amen. Uh Sunday morning service be at 9:00. Uh, so I'm sorry. Prayer at 9:00, service begin at 10:30. Uh, Sunday service at 10:30. Our upcoming events, we have a home tape on this on this coming Friday and it's at and thy seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. Amen. So, just keep that in mind at some point. Saturday, um, it's Friday, I'm sorry, Friday. Um listen at that tape. Amen. Corporately uh I'm sorry. Excuse 612. Oh the date. Okay. Yeah. 61 0213. Yeah. February the 13th in 1961. Amen. Um our giving continue to give uh through zale PayPal cash app uh zale is the preferred uh medium. Uh our offering in the b in the back. Also our mailin address uh spirit and truth tabernacle PO Box 222462 West Palm Beach Florida 33422. Amen. And then our um we have bear with me real quick here communion and feet washing. It's going to be on Wednesday night, April 16th at 7:30. Uh we have a Good Friday service April 18th at 7:30 and uh just remember our meetings here um in July 25th to 27th the I will restore saith the Lord July meetings. Amen. If you'll just keep those things in mind. Amen. Let's pray over the offering. Most gracious heavenly father. Lord God, we just thank you, Father God, for having the opportunity, Lord God, to just sew into your kingdom. Oh, Father God, bless each and every one, oh Father God, that give cheerfully, oh Father God. And Lord, we just ask you to return it 100fold in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Have any testimony and prayer requests? Amen. brothers. Mhm. God bless you. Um I just uh wanted to uh ask you guys for prayer for my parents and the babies. They're not feeling too well. Um so just keep them in prayer. And also we have um a friend of ours. Her name is Carmen and her dad is something with his heart. He I guess he needs to get like a a pacemaker. And uh she asked us to ask our church for a prayer. And um I was also going to ask to just keep um me in prayer as if you guys see not feeling too well. Um, a little cold. So, just keep our family in. What's the gentleman's name again? Uh, I forgot his name, but his daughter's name is Carmen. Okay. Okay. Brother Solomon, God bless you, saints. Uh, I actually have two testimonies. Um, one I was having a issue with with my car and uh I couldn't I didn't know what it was and I was ripping and running going here and there and different states and everything and didn't really have the time to get it looked at. Um, but Sunday evening it was it just sounded very very bad and I I didn't know what it was. So, um, we had a shoot over in Royal Palm Beach, and while we were leaving there, it just sounded so bad. So, I was like, I know it's not my axle. I don't know what it is. So, I'm going to take this back tire off, and I'm going to see if I can see what's wrong. So, when I went back to look at the the back tire, one of the the bolts, well, the the the thread that was holding the bolts were just cut and the tire was like that. So I was like, "Oh my god, I've been driving around here and every every boat was loose." I said, "Man, I've been a Raleigh and everywhere driving with this thing like this, but the Lord kept us." Amen. And uh second testimony is uh we are officially your neighbors. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Amen. Yes. Yes. Amen. Glory. Glory. That's it. You worthy. Glory. Glory to God. Yes. Only give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Yes. That's wonderful. Amen. Um God bless you. I just want to ask for a continued prayer for my grandmother just to keep her spirits up, you know, um in that time away even though the blessings Terry must come. Amen. Amen. Just want to keep her um in in prayer. And then um also my father's he he's battling um gout. Not really sure what that is. Don't worry about it. Describing it's it's it's really bad to you know he said he you know I try I wanted to go see him but he said he wouldn't even be able to open the door for me to even check on him. So pray for him. We certainly keep him and pray. Amen. Anyone else? I actually have one for my uh myself. Uh good friend of mine used to ride motorcycles with had an accident and uh he's in ICU. He lost a leg and uh we just hoping he don't lose his life. Is from what we understood is touch and go. My god. So, I tried to get up there today to see him, but just didn't the time wouldn't permit. So, I'm going to try to get up there and just uh say some words to him. Amen. And I just asking you all to keep him in prayer. Amen. We used to ride all over the state of Florida together. God is good. If you read between the lines, Amen. Amen. So, we just keep him in prayer. And you know, I just trust that uh I had a couple I was sharing with my wife just the other day. I had another friend of mine that the Lord tried to take his life. Pretty decent good friend of mine. We They didn't understand when I disappeared on them. I ghosted him. Man, where you been? I can't hang with y'all no more, man. Y'all don't we don't do the same things. I can't meet y'all up at the motorcycle club. We we you know you I can't do what we used to do. So it's just disappeared you know change. So just been on my heart to go back and see them different inviting them to church and things that way. I was just sharing with my wife how just on my heart one of my uh one of my buddies I just uh to go and reach out to him and just invite him to church you know I hear that this happened. So I just let your will be done oh Lord just you know you know all things you know all things. Amen. Let's pray. Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before your throne of mercy and grace. Oh father, asking you, father, one more time, oh Lord God, we need a blessing from you, Lord. Lord, our sister Linda, oh father, God is asking prayer for her friend's father who needs a pacemaker. Lord, Lord God, I don't know him. We don't normal, Father God, but we The fact that she asked Sister Linda to have her church pray means a lot, Lord. So, Lord, we earnestly pray, oh Father God, for this gentleman, oh Father, who needs a touch, oh Father God, from you. Lord, we ask you, Father God, to just touch his body, oh Father God, Lord God, that he may come to know you, oh Father God, as his personal savior, Father. Lord God be with them. Oh Father God we Lord thank you and praise you oh Father God uh for looking over our brother Solomon and his family. Oh Father only you oh Father God held that tired on Lord. Lord it was your love and grace oh Father that held that tire together oh Father and then cause him to find a problem oh Father God just at the nick of time. Lord we just say thank you father. Thank you, Lord. We say thank you, Father. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, just like Brother Quinton was preaching, oh, Father, Lord, how the devil just don't like us, oh Lord God, cuz we're blessed, oh God. And how you turn around and you you you you bless them, oh Father, we've been praying a long time, oh Father God, for them to find a permanent home, oh Father God, in the area where they, Lord God, can be close to church. Oh, Father God, bless their children, oh Father God, just so useful, oh God, for the kingdom of God. Oh, Father God. And Lord, they just thank you for providing them a place, oh Father God. We just give you thank you, oh Father God. Lord, we've been praying, Father, for a long time, Lord. Lord, and brother Maris's grandmother, Father. Lord, keep her encouraged, oh Father. Lord God, and just just reveal her your truth, oh Father God. Lord God, that she may come, Lord, asking what must I do to be saved, oh Father. Lead her, oh Father God, and guide her in all truth in Jesus name. Oh father. Lord, look on Nathaniel, Lord God. Jesus. Lord God, he's uh uh Lord Kin to uh Elton Butler. Oh God. Lord God, we ask you right now, Father God, to just touch him, oh Father God. Lord, when I was out running in the streets, he was more of a protector of me, oh Father God. He looked out for me. But Lord, now I stand in the gap for him, oh Father God, and I'm looking out for him, Lord God. Oh God, asking you, oh Father God, the the situation look grim, oh Father God, but Lord God, I ask you, oh Father God, to just may your grace be sufficient in his behalf, oh Father, I have time to get to him, Lord God, and talk to him, oh Lord, and just let him understand that uh it wasn't a happenstance that our paths crossed and we just became such good friends, Lord. Lord Jesus. Lord God and my other friend Randall. Lord God. Jesus. The Lord God. Just look on him. Oh father and his mother. Jesus. Met him as a coworker, Lord God. And realize that we had connections outside. Jesus. Amen. And Lord, even though Lord God, we ran around and and and and and did things that just wasn't us. But Lord, you snatched me, oh God, from the pits of hell. Oh, Father God. God, and Lord, I help me, oh Father God, reach back, Father. Lord, not forget about those old buddies. Oh, Father God, they don't do the same thing. But may Lord, I be a path, oh Father God, a conduit, oh Father God, to a new way of living. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh God, give me strength, oh Father God, and courage to do your will, oh Lord God. Oh God, we ask these blessings, oh Father, we ask you, oh Father, just touch Father Quinton. Thank you, oh Father God, for the time you spent delving into the word and how you used them on tonight, oh Father God, to speak the word of truth, Lord God. Lord, as we prepare to leave this place but not your presence, Lord God, may the word just, Father God, continue to meditate on it, oh Father God, and give us, Lord, spiritual food in due season, oh Lord God, strengthen us, Lord, keep us is my prayer. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen.
