################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - The Eyesalve of Spiritual Revelation - Bro Joseph Chikosi (03-19-2025) - Joseph Chikosi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-19
Title:    The Eyesalve of Spiritual Revelation - Bro Joseph Chikosi (03-19-2025)
Speaker:  Joseph Chikosi
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QOGD9h10wc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] your name. You are the mighty warrior. Your great in battle. Jehovah is your name. You are the mighty warrior, your great in battle. Jehovah is your name. One more time. You are the mighty warrior. You're great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Jehovah is Jehovah is your name. Yes. Jehovah is Jehovah is your name. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. If anybody ask you where I am going, Where I'm going, where I am going. Oh, soon. And if you want to know where I am going, where I'm going, where I am going. Oh, soon. Oh, I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. To be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Oh, I can take the pain. The heartaches they bring. The comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. As God gives me grace, gives me grace. I'll run this race. [Music] Until I see my [Applause] savior face to face. Well, oh, I'm going up yonder. Going hell yonder. I'm going up yonder. Going out yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Say, "Oh, I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Well, oh, I'm going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Sing. Oh, I'm going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture. In the rapture. I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Come on, one more time. Sing. Oh, I'm going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. I'm going int. I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you just turn around and greet somebody? Say, "Good to see you in the house of the Lord tonight." Amen. My my my praise God. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Y'all can be seated just for a moment. Praise God. Amen. Amen. My We thank God to be here tonight. Amen. And it's so good to see brother Derek. Amen. And sister Sana, Sister Sonn, Sister Sana brought her better half. Amen. Good to have them uh tonight. And um we um mentioned that we had a guest minister tonight and I did not um get word out to everybody as to who it was because this was one of those situations where um sometimes in the field of Boaz uh you'll get some blessings on purpose. Amen. They they they just dropped they told the reapers, "Make sure you drop something on purpose for Ruth." Uh and uh that's what we're going to get tonight. Amen. But uh you know, we are kind of getting a head start on the meetings. You all know about Brother Bernard's meetings uh this this weekend, but I got contacted by uh Brother Aaron Ningo Maza and he said, "Brother, would you want a preacher for Wednesday night?" I said, "Let me try to get some things sorted out." And I said, "Yeah, we'll we'll we'll take it." And he says, "Okay, brother uh brother Jacosce will come and preach for you on on Wednesday night." So, amen. So, it's good to have brother Jacosce and his precious wife, Sister Chak Jacosce, as well. Amen. Thank you all for coming. Amen. Here at the Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. Amen. It's certainly our our pleasure to have you. So, uh, I believe tonight God got something good in store for us. Amen. So, I won't take any more time. I want the pastor to come, the preacher to come and just uh have his own way. But let's stand and let's just sing. Amen. Just one chorus of Amazing Grace as he comes. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a rich like me. Oh, I once was thinking [Music] found. [Music] God bless you everyone. So good to be here tonight with you and I would like to greet you all and to give you greetings from the church back home in England and also the church in Zimbabwe where I was a while ago. They all send their greetings to all of you. And I would like to thank also my precious pastor here for uh accommodating me to come also and just fellowship with you tonight. And I trust it will be a blessing. Amen. So without wasting much time, I'm going to invite you to bow your heads in a word of prayer. And if you have any special request tonight, God is still answering prayer. Amen. He's still in the business of healing the sick, providing our needs and fighting all our battles. God. So, God bless you. He sees your hands and he knows the need. Shall we pray? Gracious heavenly father, it's always our joy to come into your presence. We believe it's David who said one time, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. We are so thankful, Father, for the songs that have been sung, warming and preparing our hearts for the coming word. Now, Lord, as we come to this most sacred part of the service, may you anoint your word, anoint your servant, anoint the ears that will be hearing, and grant them their heart's desires even as many as have raised up their hands. We thank you in advance in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's read in the book of Revelation chapter 3. A familiar scripture. Revelation chapter 3 from vers 14 to verse 18. The message to the loudian church age. Amen. Let's read there if we found it. Revelation chapter 3. I begin to read on verse 14. And unto the angel of the church of the loudians, write these things, said the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou cold or heart. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counel thee to buy off me gold, tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. and anoint thine eyes with thyself that thou mayest see. The Lord blessed the reading of his word. You may be seated. I want to take my subject title from that last verse there on verse 18. I counsel thee to buy off me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white reignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. That last part there is what I want to highlight. And anoint thine eyes with eyesel that thou mayest see. Amen. I would like to speak on the Isel of spiritual revelation. The Isel of spiritual revelation. So laud this year as we've read here among many other things is called here blind and naked. Brother Brham in the message events made clear by prophecy says on paragraph 46 he has this to say. Now remember the Bible predicted that this ecclesiastical age of of loud uh of uh of this Ludician age was blind. They had him outside the church. There is not another age another church age that Jesus was on the outside but the Lord church age. He was on the outside trying to get back in. I stand at the door and knock. He's supposed to be inside. But he said because you say I'm rich, increased with goods, have need of nothing, and don't know that you are blind, leading the blind, poor spirit, wretched, miserable, naked, and don't know it. If a man was naked on the street, miserable, blind, and knew he had sense enough that they could tell him he was naked, he would try to do something about it. But when he shakes his head and says, "I won't have it. Who are you to tell me what to do? I know where I'm standing." Now, if that ain't a pitiful shape, I don't know. And that's exactly what the God of this Bible said that the church would be in in this evil age right now, in the last church age where we are living in. So blindness I guess is the worst of the conditions described here. All these things here are horrible, wretched, blind. But I think blindness there is is is is the worst of them. I would rather be hungry and see where I could try to get my next meal. Um because even if you were with something to eat, but yet you were blind, how are you going to see that food and get to where that food? So blindness is such a bad thing. But I've got good news for you that there is an eye serve spiritual revelation that takes care of the blindness of this age. We don't have to be blind. God says I cancel thee. I cancel thee. Don't remain in blindness. I've got some eyeself. I've got some spiritual revelation to make you know who you are. If you take this eyes off, it removes the amnesia and it makes you know who you are. Makes you know where you came from. Makes you know where you are going to and makes you stand your ground against every eel of the enemy. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So the prophet goes on to say in the message God has a provided lamb on paragraph 16. He says, "You know, blindness is a horrible thing." Yeah. When I see a man blind, my heart goes out for him. But yet, I know of a blindness that's worse. Spiritual blindness. How God made men to visualize him. Amen. And they can do it. Wow. May God help us to visualize him. It's good we are seeing one another. It's good we can see around and walk around, but we need to see and visualize God. We must visualize your salvation. Visualize your healing. Visualize the promises of God that he has given for us in this day. There is no need for us to remain in misery, in shame, in a poor condition and wretched condition. God wants to anoint our eyes with the Isel of revelation to know who we are, where we came from. And we will not be able to know who we are unless we know who he is. Because when we know who he is, then he shows us who we are. When Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, son of the living God." Then it came back and thou art Peter. Yes, he was also told who he was after he identified who Jesus Christ was. And when you can acknowledge the word, that word will also show you your position in that word. And when you have a revelation of the message of this day, that message will also show you your place in that same message. Amen. So because Ludicia is lukewarm and blind and refuse help, God says, "I will spew thee out of my mouth." That means those who want to see, those who want to have the cure for loud this year must come out of her. In other words, just leave her alone because she's she's she's being spewed out. God is rejecting this church age of Latheia. God is ousting the Pentecostal churches. God is ousting the denominations. God is spewing out of his mouth the world's council of churches. So if you would like to see something, if you would like your eyes anointed with the high self, you have to come out of that and leave the blindsia alone. I believe it's in Jeremiah chapter 5 51 on verse 9 it says we would have healed Babylon but she's not healed forsake her and let us go everyone into his own country for her judgment reacheth unto heaven and is lifted up even to the skies and Jesus had the same to say about the ecclesiastical system of his day in Matthew 15 on verse 14 let them alone they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, they shall fall into the ditch. And in Revelation 18, we know there where Babylon was pronounced there that Babylon the great is fallen. On verse two, verse verse 4 says, I heard another voice from heaven saying, come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues. So there you are, saints. We have to come out of that system of blindness there. And I want to tell you tonight, I've got good news for you tonight. I've got something to encourage you tonight. God has a remedy to the blindness of this evil age. We don't have to remain blind. We don't have to have also partial sight. Some of us can see some things, but we don't see all things. We must see all things because Jesus has given us all things. He died that we might have all things because all things are possible to him that believes. Uh he died to save you. He died to heal you. He died to provide your needs. He died to fight all your battles. We don't want no partial sight. We want a clear vision of what God has in store for us even tonight. Amen. God wants us to see something. So he says the remedy is I cancelled thee among other things there. Of course the gold and everything else among other things I can anoint thine eyes with myself that you may see. So the eyes of here is the spiritual revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. When you can see Jesus then you can see everything. When you know Jesus then you can know everything. You can navigate your way around everything because to know him is life. When you know him by revelation, he opens up every door in your life. So here we find the eyeself being the spiritual revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. And those who accept this remedy of this self, they come out of that Babylon laia condition and they become members of his lovely bride. He anoints them with the eyes of of spiritual revelation which comes by the message of your day. The message of Noah was spiritual to the people of the days of Noah. Those who wanted to see the program of God and to escape the judgments of God, they were anointed by the message of the prophet Noah. It goes on and on. Every prophet that came his message was I self. When Moses came, his message was I serve. To the blindness of the Egyptian captivity. Those who wanted to come out had to come under the message of Moses. It was an anointing for them to be able to see the way over into the promised land. So here he anoints those who come out with the eyes of of revelation so that they may know him he who is coming to take them home. So our eyes as the bride have been opened by the eyeself of revelation. Amen. And the message of the hour is an eyeopener. It has opened our eyes. We now can see a lot of things. We now can understand a lot of things. The Bible has become a new book. Life has become worth living. Our marriages have become a blessing. Going to church has become a joy. Reading the Bible has become something enjoyable because the message of the hour is an eyeopener. You don't just read it as you are reading a magazine. You don't just read as if you're reading some newspaper. When you read the message thou or the Bible, you are actually reading the word of God. And when you read it under the light of the evening message, oh what an eyeopener it is. We begin to understand many principles of life. Many things of life we are now understanding them because the message of the hour is the eye opener. Hallelujah. You know when you are having the we have some bottles which have maybe some soda in them maybe cocoa wafanta lemonade in a bottle with a bottle top. You need a bottle opener to remove that that that little thing there. If you don't have a bottle opener, you will never enjoy that coke in there. And tonight I've got a bottle opener. That's the message of the Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, I feel good right now. I feel good right now. Somebody's eyes is being open. Amen. We haven't bottle open. The message of the hour opens our eyes to instant healing by the spoken word. Speak the word only and my daughter will live. Speak the word only and my servant will live. The message of the hour is an eye opener for instant healing, instant spoken word creation, instant miracle, instant paradox by the message of the hour. It's an eye open. And when you come in this message, you will never be the same again. You will never be the same again. The message of the hour is a game changer. Amen. Amen. That's for you tonight. It's a game changer. The message of the hour changes everything. It rearranges everything. It sorts out everything because no weapon, no weapon. Hallelujah. No weapon that is formed can ever prevail against the message. This message will defeat the devil anytime, any place, any condition, any circumstances. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. It's an eyes. It's an eye opener. Hallelujah. Yes. The message of the hour is the revelation of Jesus Christ. myself. That's why in Revelation chapter one on verse one, the Bible says there the revelation of Jesus Christ coming right at the end. So those who are going to receive that revelation will automatically be like him because he is unveiling himself so that we may be like him. So the hallelujah he's revealing himself so we may be like him as we take that word as we feast upon that word we are not feasting from a man we're not feisting from brother Bernham we are feasting from the body word of the son of God himself the son of man Jesus Christ and as we feed upon the revealed word our eyes are being open and we begin to change from glory Glory unto glory from victory unto victory from joy unto joy. Hallelujah. until we will be just like him to meet the rapture conditions. In the message and exposition of the church ages of the seven church ages um in the revelation of Jesus Christ the first part of it there in the church ages book he says now the Greek word for revelation is apocalypse which means unveiling. This unveiling is perfectly described in the example of a sculptor unveiling his work of statuary exposing it uh to the onlooker. It is an uncovering revealing what was previously hidden. Amen. Now the uncovering is not only the revelation of the person of Christ but it is the revelation of the his future works in the oncoming seven church ages. The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelations mean revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Remember your revelation is your victory. You will never live above what? Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Someone shout hallelujah. You will never live above what has been revealed to you. If it's revealed to you that God is a healer, you receive your healing right there and you refuse to be put under bondage by Satan. When you know who you are, when God opens your eyes, oh, one time Hagar was was was uh was was in big trouble there. You remember Hagar? and and and she was thirsty and and and and the child Ishmael was crying and and and Hagar just just left her. She couldn't just stand to see her son die like that. The Bible says God opened her eyes and that was her survival. That was his survival. When God opens your eyes, that is your survival. When God reveals something to you, revelation will keep you. Your revelation will see you through. Your revelation will fight all your battles. Hallelujah. Amen and amen. Amen and amen. This is beautiful here. Your revelation will protect you. Your revelation will see you through. Your revelation will fight for you. Your revelation will cut you. Your heart's desire. Your revelation will change you. Of course, what is what is faith? Faith is a revelation. So without faith you cannot please God. Without revelation you cannot please God. Isn't he wonderful? Blessed be his holy name. Yes. Revelation is meaning more to us than we ever think. So we find Paul way back in the first churches of uh Ephesus. He prays for the church to have the spirit of wisdom and revelation. way back in the beginning there and that revelation comes in fullness at the end. Hallelujah. Because the revelation of Jesus Christ ran as a mystery. Wow. Throughout the church ages, nobody knew exactly what was happening. They saw these things. They knew they were riders of of a white horse and riders of a of a black horse and a rider of a red horse and a rider of a of a pale horse. But nobody really understood what it was. But right in the end time when the revelation of Jesus Christ is complete, then comes the mighty angel with an open book with a rainbow over his head. And when he comes down, he cries with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. And when he cried, seven thunders after their voices. John was about to write there in the Ephesian church age. And the angel says, don't write this. This revelation comes as an isol in Laia to combat the blindness of Laia. As a remedy to the blindness of Laisha. It says the but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God will be finished. So Paul in Ephesians let's go to Ephesians chapter 1. Let's find the apostle Paul here talking and praying for this spirit here this is self of spiritual revelation. Wherefore, Ephesians 1:15, wherefore I also um after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints, I cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. Watch it. The eyes of your understanding. Amen. Being enlightened. Amen. Being served. Enlightened. Anointed with self that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints. So we find here now if we go back to Matthew Jesus wanted to test he wanted to find out the spiritual the spiritual condition of the people concerning his ministry. He wanted to find out whether people had had a knowledge whether they had wisdom whether they had a revelation of who he was. And in Matthew 16, Jesus on verse 13 when he came to the coast there of Cesaria Philippi, he said asked his disciples saying, "Whom do men say that I the son of man am?" And so some said that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others Jeremiah or one of the prophets. Then he says unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon, but Jonaf, for flesh and blood has not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." And I say unto thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church. That rock of spiritual revelation, that rock of enlightenment, without your eyes being enlightened, God cannot build his church upon you. God cannot establish his kingdom in you until the eyes have been enlightened. So he says, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail." So there it is, church. The church is not built upon anything else. The church is built upon the Isel of spiritual revelation. If there is no Isel, there is no spiritual revelation. And if there is no spiritual revelation, there is no church. Amen. If there's no highel, there is no revelation. If there's no revelation, there's no new birth. It's a chain reaction. It is the opening of your eyes that really brings the new birth to you. So the father in heaven here revealed it to Simon as Jesus says my father flesh and blood has not done it but my father in heaven has revealed this to you. So that's how important the eyes of of spiritual revelation is. That's the rock foundation upon which the church is built. So the father opened the eyes of Simon Peter. He opened the eyes of his understanding by the spirit of wisdom and revelation. So Simon Peter became a wise man who built his house according to Matthew 7 upon a solid rock of revelation. That house will never fall. Hallelujah. A Christian confession, hallelujah, that's built upon spiritual revelation will never fail. A stand in this message here, a firm stand in this message built upon the isol of spiritual revelation will never fail. In Matthew 7, Jesus says, "Therefore, whosoever heareth these things of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock, and the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon the house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock." Amen. And everyone who hears this saying and do with them, how can you do what's not revealed? Before you do, you need a revelation. And once it's revealed, then you do it because it becomes a you. Revelation in you becomes one. Amen. Whatever we do, it's revealed to us to do it. If it's not revealed, you cannot do it. So Jesus says, "If you do these sayings of mine here, I liken you to a man who built his house." And we are building our Christian houses of our Christian confession, our Christian lives. We are building upon the rock of spiritual revelation. It's a rock. It's a solid foundation. You know, many people nowadays are leaving the message and many people are finding fault with the message and many people are finding fault with the Bible and finding fault with Christ. And the reason of it all is they never really built their house upon that rock. When you have a revelation of who Jesus Christ is, you will never be separated from him. That's why the apostle Paul says, "What can separate us from the love of God?" He says, "Nothing can can tribulation, can peril, can the sword?" No. In all these things, we are more than conquerors. through him that loves us. So the foolish man built his house upon sinking sand. And when the troubles came, when the persecutions came, when the scoffers began to find fault with the message and find fault with this, that and the other, their house fell. But if your house is built upon the isol of spiritual revelation, it will stand forever. Now, who do men say I, the son of man, am? That was the question directed to the public. Who do men public out there? But we know Jesus is the seventh seal. Amen. Jesus is the word. Yes. He is the seventh seal and the seventh seal is a mystery and Jesus was a mystery. He came in a mysterious way. He was born of the Virgin Mary. It has never happened and it it will never happen. It has never happened. It will never happen that a virgin can conceive. It happened on Christ because there was a promise in Genesis of a woman's seed. So if for it to be a woman's seed, she had to be a virgin. And for her to to be a virgin, the product had to be the son of God because only God could then create the egg and and the seed in that womb there of a virgin. So here we find here we find Jesus was a mystery because he had a mysterious birth. He was born mysterious. He spoke mysterious. He did things in a mysterious way. Until the Bible says when some officers were sent to go and bring him and then they were asked, "Have you brought him?" All they could say is never men spake like this man. He said, "Are you also deceived? We told you to go get him, but you you are coming back praising him. That that that never a Pharisee spoke like like this man. Never a Sadducey spoke like this. And the Bible says there was a division among them. That's what the word will always do. That's what mysteries will always do. Mysteries will divide. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Mysteries will divide. Division is by lack of revelation. By lack of the revelation. so many divisions among us. So they were divided and in the other scripture it says there after Jesus asked them what think of Christ? What's your revelation of Christ? Do you have the eyes of do you have the the spirit of wisdom and knowledge to know who I am? They said, "Oh, well, he's the son of David." You see, they wanted to to just shake him off of them. Christ is the son of David. So you see they didn't give a perfect answer because there was a greater father of Jesus than David but they say he's the son of David. So they could just say oh yeah he's the son of David. He comes in the line of David. So yeah he's the son of David. Joseph is of the is of David. Mary is of David. So he's just but there was something more of Jesus than just being the son. And Jesus then say to them, why then does David in the spirit call him Lord? If that was his son, why did David say the Lord, that's God, say unto my Lord, that's Jesus Messiah, sit on my right hand till I make thy your enemies thy foottool. And then it says from that person no man d ask him any other question. That's right. And he was a mystery. One time he says the son who came down from heaven who is now in heaven is the only one who knows about the father. No one has only me who was there who came here but who is still there. How could you come from there and be here and be there again? He was a mystery. He was a mystery. Amen. He was a mystery. Why would God choose a virgin that is engaged? Why? You see those first would say, "Hey, why? Which God is this? Who chooses a virgin that's already engaged to bring a holy child? Were there no virgins who are not engaged? When you use your mind there, you will completely be lost." He was God chose a virgin who was already engaged to make the others stumble. Wow. To make them think that that son was the son of Joseph. Wow. Because she was already engaged. Yet to the intellectual mind, no. A holy God, a holy God cannot choose somebody wife because if she's engaged, she's only somebody wife. They've promised. Why would God choose somebody why to be then the one to bring forth the son of God? It doesn't make sense to the intellectual mind. Jesus was not the Messiah. He was illegitimate. But he was a mystery. Amen. He had to be that. It had to be that way because in the flesh he had to be son of David. Yeah. Amen. So it must look like that's the son of Joseph. It must look like that's Joseph's baby. That's me. But it wasn't that. Mysteries look like there's something else. But that's not what it is. But that's why baptism is difficult to people because it looks like baptizing the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost. That looks more authentic from Jesus himself. Jesus himself. say, "Baptize in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." And it looks so plain. But you see, it's not as it looks. You must go deeper. You must look there with eyes that have been anointed with thyself, the thyself of spiritual revelation. Yes. I said Jesus was a mystery. and and and and and and and I think at one time when they spoke again about him, the Bible says, "And every man went to his own house." Hey, there was no fellowship after that service there. Every man went to his own house after Jesus just just just confused him when the service was over. Every man went to his own house. I like that scripture so much. I like the scripture so and I hope we will we will have some fellowship after service. We we don't want no man going to his own house here because why you guys are no longer a mystery. Uhhuh. You are no longer a mystery. You are revealed. Yes, you are revealed together with the book because the book was sealed and you were sealed together with the book. And when the book is being revealed, you are also revealed. You are a manifested son of God. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful? Blessed be the name of. So when he say to him here him, who do men say I? Because he was a mystery. So he he wanted to test their revelation of his mystery. I want now we we also become mysteries when we accept Christ. You see Christ was a mystery. Why? Because he was the son of a mysterious God. So a mysterious God will also give us a begotten son who was a mystery. And when that begotten son who is a mystery comes into you, you become a mystery as well. That's what we are. We are the mystery of Christ revealed. Amen. As Christ was the mystery of God revealed, now you the believers are the mystery of Christ revealed. Amen. At that day, you shall know that I'm in my father. My father is in me and I am in you. So the complete revelation of the mystery ends with this bride here. Exactly. showing the world who Jesus Christ is. Isn't this beautiful, church? What an adoption. What a privilege we have. Oh, now are we the sons of God? It doth not yet appear what we should be, but we know when he shall appear, we shall be like him. So he is asking these disciples here public opinion. Now I I said Jesus is a mystery and and and and and and Jesus is the seventh seal and the seventh seal was more mysterious than all the other seals in the symbols of the Bible. The first seal you could try to figure out what that white horse rider was. You could try to figure out what the red and people people really try. Some said not know that first horse there that is the Holy Spirit, you know, with the with the arrows of love conquering the world for Jesus. And it it could excite many for a while. But when the seven angels came, it was completely different. When the revelation came, that was the antichrist impersonating Christ who shall come on a white horse. But you see, he changed that white horse, jumped onto a red one. So you may forget all about it. But still that can that same bug changing its stages. G. So Jesus, the seventh seal was a mystery. Yes. Amen. Yes. And him being a mystery, he could not be understood. Right? Who do men say? Who does the public say I am? Uhhuh. He is not broken to the public. Amen. That's why the prophet says he revealed all the six the six seals. But the servant is not broke to the public. Amen. Until the time. Amen. The public could not know. They says, "Oh, he is Jeremiah." That's the public. Some say you are Isaiah. See, that's the general public there. But this is who do you? Amen. And so what do you think? What think he of Christ? Amen. What think he of Christ? Who son is he? Amen. He They should have said he is the son of the living God. Amen. There was a greater God than David. There was a greater father. I mean to say there was a greater father than David. Should have said he is the son of the living God. But they didn't want to acknowledge that because acknowledging that would mean they must repent and and so they weren't prepared to repent. They didn't want to accept that. So they just now listen the public will know nothing about what God has done in this day. Right. Amen. That's right. Exactly right. That's why you ask them, "Have you ever heard about William Brham?" Oh, yeah. He was he was a prophet. Yeah, he was a prophet. Yeah, he was a good man. He was a very good man. Oh, he was very humble. And those who met him, they said, "Oh, such a lovely presence always surrounded him." And they tell us, you know, he loved even his enemies. You could hardly tell who his friends were from his enemies. But that's where they end. Right? But to you and me, he was that promised Elijah. To you and me, he was that seventh angel. During the days of his ministry, the mystery of God was going to be finished. To you and me, it was that forunner of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. And brothers and sisters, to the public, it remains a mystery. Amen. He remains a mystery. His life remains a mystery. But to us who have accepted the message, we have accepted the revealed word, it's no longer a mystery. But because we have accepted a mystery, we become mysteries to the world. That's why they will never understand us. You become a mystery to your people. You will become a mystery to your neighbors because you have Christ who is a mystery in you. So thou art s thou art the Christ. Okay. So we find Simon Peter's answer here by spiritual revelation expresses his wisdom and scriptural knowledge of who Jesus Christ was. Your revelation will show forth your wisdom and your knowledge of scripture. Amen. The way you were baptized, if you were baptized correctly with a revelation that the name of the father, son, and holy ghost is the lord Jesus Christ. If you acknowledge that, it means you have a precise, perfect, correct interpretation of scripture. You understand the Bible. There's the self. There's the opening of the eyes of your understanding. So, who do you say I am? Oh, they say you are you Jeremiah. you. No. If if a person thought Christ was Jeremiah, how could Christ save such one? Jeremiah was not a savior. So if someone thought Jesus was John the Baptist, he missed his salvation right there because John the Baptist was not a savior. You had to recognize him as the son of the living God, Jehovah Savior Jesus, for him to save you. Right. Amen. Amen. So your revelation will betray who you are and your comprehension of the scripture. Amen. Peter then said, "You are the Christ." Now watch, let's look at Peter's answer just for a moment. Peter says, "You are the Christ." Now we can say it was revealed to him, which is true. But do you know what? Revelation is not just some far-fetched thing. Let me tell you something. What did Peter say? You are the son of the living God. Was that something new? Was that something new? Was that the first time for us to be told he was the son of God? So where does revelation come in? Where does revelation come in? Gabriel told Mary when she says, "How can these things be seeing I know not a man?" What did the angel say? The Holy Ghost shall come over you. The power of the highest shall overshadow you. And that holy thing that shall come forth will be called the son of God. That is scripture. Yes. That's scripture now. Yes. And and Peter could have said to Jesus, "Lord, you want me to tell you who you are? Just give me a moment. M let me go and uh ask Mary your mother what what what the angel uh told told her. He could have just gone to him and said Mary by the way what did the angel say this son was going to be oh the son of the living God say yeah you are the son of the living God. So that revelation was not just something from the blue that you are just uttering something and say it's revealed. No, revelation is a perfect understanding of the scripture. Revelation is backed up by the scripture. His answer was already the scripture from Genesis woman seed from Isaiah virgin birth born. The angel himself says son of God and Peter says thou art the Christ son of the living God. So his revelation revealed or expressed his wisdom, his knowledge and the correctness of his comprehension of the scripture. Let me bring this to an ending. So I want you to notice here that revelation if you say you have a revelation of the original sin. It means that you have the precise correct understanding and knowledge of the scriptures concerning what happened in the beginning in Eden. And if you say you have the revelation of the oneness of the godhead, you have it clearly that Jesus was God and the last day church the bride will also be a part of that deity. All right? You are telling us that you understand the scriptures correctly. So it's not just a revelation of something just comes which cannot be backed up by scripture. And if you say you were baptized correctly, you got a revelation of being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. What you are telling me is you understand Matthew 28:18 correctly. You understand that father is not a name. You understand you have knowledge. You have you have received eyes of you. The eyes of your understanding have been opened and lightened to know that father is not a name, son is not a name. So when you say I got a revelation, I say to you that's an expression of your wisdom, knowledge, and understanding of the scriptures. Amen. Glory. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That's why the Bible says in James 15, if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God who gives it. And you remember those men who were going to a mouse, their eyes in Luke 24 were holden that they should not know him. Then at the time appointed, God opened their eyes. They spend the whole day walking with him without an understanding. But in the evening time, it shall be light. And here we are in the evening time, church. Our eyes have been open and we can see and know who God is. So revelation is the correct understanding and knowledge of the word and that brings the new birth. So these things are hidden from those who are wise. Remember how in Acts chapter 8 that that that that man there who was going the Ethiopian unic there and and Philip was told by the Holy Ghost to join himself and he says understand thou what thou readest? You are reading something there but do you have eyes? Do you have a revelation? Do you understand? He says how can I? He was so specific. How can I except some man explains it to me? And many times we read the Bible, we don't even understand. We read the message, listen to a tape, we don't understand. And let's be honest and say, how can I understand the message of Christ's mystery of God unless someone explains it to me? God give me a minister to preach on this and expound on it by the same anointing which was upon the prophet. God, you remember how Gazi also could not see the armies of the of of the Lord and he saw the Syrians and oh Elisha prayed in 2 Kings on chapter 6 and verse 17. I pray he open the eyes of the young man that he may see. And when his eyes were open, he saw the mountain full of horses and chariots of fire. And I want you to know right now, the angels of God are camped right around you. The blessings of God are surrounding this place here. If God could open our eyes, we would be surprised. Amen. in the message the anointed ones. Let me just bring a few quotes and then close here. He says on the anointed ones is speaking about Cain and Abel how that one was received and one was condemned and he says it was revelation. So I I I start on 67. He's now coming to Simon. He says, "Blessed art thou Simon, son of Jonas. Flesh and blood never revealed this to you. My father which is in heaven has revealed it and upon this rock I'll what? Build my church. He says what the true revelation of the word. It's not just something which is unscriptural. You cannot just say I have a revelation to preach when you are a woman and say I have got a revelation to preach. Like I remember talking to somebody that I knew and I was trying to tell them you mustn't preach. He says I don't care what you say Joseph if God tells me to preach I'm going to preach. I said preach on. I said preach on. I said, "But you also preach on that scripture which says, I suffer not a woman to preach." Oh, I'll never forget. I'll preach on. I said, "Yeah, preach on the true revelation of the word." He says, "There is the true vine." 68 paragraph. What is faith? Faith is something that's revealed to you. It's not yet, but you believe it will be. Faith is the revelation of the will of God. 70 Jesus said, "Except you believe that I am he, you will die in your sins." You know that Jesus told them that unless you believe that I am he, you're going to die in your sins. Why? Because they would be void. They will be void of a revelation having no knowledge, no wisdom of who he is. Their eyes are blind. They have not been anointed with high self. They just don't know who he is, they are going to die. A person who thought Jesus was Jeremiah was going to die in their sins. A person who thought he was John the Baptist was so he says here and and except you believe I'm here, you will die in your sins. He is the revelation of God, the spirit of God revealed in human form. You can't if you can't believe that you are lost. Amen. Christ's mystery of God revealed as I read this last quotation to you. What is the new birth? Then you' say, well, Brennham, what is the new birth? It is the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Not because you joined a church or you shook a hand or you done something different or you say a decreed, you promise to leave a god of rules. But Christ, the Bible, he is the word that was revealed to you. And no matter what anybody says, what takes place is Christ, pastor, priest, whatever it might be is Christ in you. That is the revelation that the church is built upon until 40. The new birth is Christ is a revelation that God has revealed to you this great mystery. And that's the new birth. Then he says, "What are you going to do when you get all that group together where the revelation is perfectly in harmony? God expressing it through his word by the same actions and the same things that he did making the word manifest." He says, "Oh, if the church only knew its position, it will one day, then the rapture will go when it knows what it is." and on 304. By lack of this revelation is why we have so many different divisions among us and so much mockery, so much division among us is because the people lack that revelation. They lack that revelation. The teachers, may God bless you. It has been a joy speaking to you. I hope and trust that you have been blessed. And um more than being blessed, I hope and trust that the eyes of your understanding have been enlightened for you to know God is real. You know, the Bible says, "No weapon that's formed against you shall prosper." As I stand here, I stand as a testimony to that. No weapon that is formed against you, Amen, will ever prosper. On the 18th or 19th of June last year, 2024, I would have just died. I was involved in a traffic accident which was so horrific. Uh, if I show you the picture of the vehicle, you will wonder that somebody came out alive. It was a head-on collision with a vehicle which did not have enough lights. So, I never saw it until I was there. It was too late to try to avoid. rammed into him and my car turned that way, rolled three times, landed on the roof and I was almost out for some five or so minutes. I didn't know where I was. I had three passengers in that vehicle. None of us had a bone broken. Hallelujah. No weapon that is formed against you should proceed. Uh it's so amazing because when the car landed on its roof, I was now upside down and I didn't know what was happening. The head was down, the feet were up. So I got injured a bit on my head there and so I was bleeding. I didn't know how bad it was, whether it had damaged my skull, whatever. I didn't know. But all I knew, I couldn't help myself. And I was just like almost like like I passed out for five or seven minutes and then somebody lifted up my head and then I felt like that's when I came back to myself. If I had remained in that position I would have chocked myself to death almost. So I just did that and then I was like okay what has happened? So I looked at the car said whose whose car is this? They said that's your that's your car there. I said you don't tell me that's my car. What has happened? Says accident. So I was almost just so they quickly rushed me at least you know to the hospital and I was admitted and and you know I stand here as a miracle. A living miracle. I'm telling you the truth. God still lives. God still. You know what? You know I I don't know whether there's a way for you just to see the picture there of the car. I've got it here on my phone. I don't know whether that is possible. The time is gone there. But I mean, if you see that picture and see the rack of it, that vehicle was completely a write off. They could not repair it or anything. It just completely was a write off. And yet I was not a write off. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory to God. Hallelujah. That goes to show if God has a work for you to do, nothing will happen to you. The devil will do nothing to you. He will keep you. Well, God bless you, saints. We sing a little song back home there. Can't you see why I'm so happy? I've accepted the word of the Lord. God bless you. Says that thy revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi 4. Can't you see? Can't you see? Why, brother Simba, I'm so happy I've accepted the word of the [Music] [Music] Lord by the prophet of man. 4. Somebody give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Thank God. I thank God. I thank God. Brother uh Jacosi was saying, "This message is like a bottle opener. You cannot enjoy the contents of what's inside the bottle unless you have something to open it. And uh and there were many that could not enjoy the contents of what was written in scripture until the message came and and open up this understanding, this revelation. So many things that we get a chance to uh fellowship around because we're looking through a prophetic lens. Amen. And uh as God has sent his prophet and and as he said, we're feasting on the full body uh word of the Lord. And there's many people they and and and I've I've had it happen many of times. Why why y'all quote brother Brandham? Why y'all quote brother Brandham? Seem like y'all make it seem like he's greater than Christ. No, you just misunderstand. Once you get the eyes south, you'll understand what is going on. But we're not lifting him up above Christ because we are quoting, you know, quoting from him. But if you just look at what we're saying that he said, then you'll see that he's actually bringing us an understanding of the scripture, right? Cuz any any theologian can go grab a scripture and and just throw something out there at you, but we really want to know what is being said. Hallelujah. And it's only through that prophetic lens we'll see it. So, thank God for the word tonight. Appreciate you, brother Chacosi. Amen. Um they're they're working on getting that picture uh for you all to see the the action. And I heard the um a portion of that testimony and um I heard that you weren't preaching for a little bit there, Brother Jacos. Is that right? I I I rested after that. One month I was under at least hospital care but after that I just took a rest. Okay. Though I could I okay? The first month I was uh I was still being treated. I had I I I I had a very bad wound on the hand but it it healed after one month. Praise God. And as he was saying that if you know God's not finished with you, uh you're not going anywhere no matter how bad the accident is. And and it took me back to that little thought that I heard uh brother Trescende say. He said, "Your purpose is your protection. Your purpose is your protection." Praise God. God had purpose. So Amen. They'll just There's um uh the picture there. So, I was just sitting right there. That's that's the driver's uh that's just the driver's uh seat door right there. Right there. So, this car was coming this way. Rammed into here. My door is right there and and and and and so I don't even know how. So, it smashed this window. Uh that's after, of course, they tilted it up now, but it was like upside down. So, this window was smashed that. So, that's where I was brought out through that window there. And and that's the other when it was still upside down. That's the other side. I was on on the other side there of that car there. Um I think there is even another one there. There it is there. So you can see there uh this wheel here was was removed completely. This the the wheel on my side cuz I was I was right there. They couldn't open that door. They had to just force it after I was really taken to the hospital. But that's that's how bad it was. Yeah, it was bad. But go but God is good. That was bad, but God is good. [Applause] Amen. And he walked from there to here tonight to preach to us. So God is a good God. Amen. Amen. Amen. I I and I know anybody that's ever been in any type of accident, you uh you kind of go back to some of the things that you went through and and how God watched over you and how God protected you and Amen. And it could have been another way. But God. Oh, hallelujah. But God. But God. But God. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We thank the Lord. Amen. Let me get uh tonight's uh announcements so we could um give you that. So, um Sunday uh will be here at church. Prayer time starts at 9:00. It's an hour of prayer from 9 to 10:00. Uh there's Sunday school uh going from 9:30 to 10:00. And we have both the young young the youth and the young adults. And our young adults have started a journey through uh the church ages. And if there's uh anyone that would like to join them, uh feel free to do so. We have ages 13 to 20, but um this this journey through the church ages is something that's going to go beyond a year. Uh it's kind of reading in the church age book for you know you have like homework assignments where you read a couple pages and you have to answer a few questions but it helps you get a little deeper uh understanding of of the word of the Lord. Um as I as you know brother Chakoshi was just just preaching tonight I was just thinking you got to love this word. You got to fall in love with this word. And I mean when you really fall in love with this uh it it means more than life to you right. But uh but but it just means so much when you when you get a true understanding of what God is doing. Uh but but we want to invite you to be a part of that if you desire. Uh also our streaming continues through Facebook SAT tabernacle and then also our church website uh john423.org. Uh we have a upcoming youth service on Friday, April 11th. That's going to be at 7:30 p.m. And uh also we have a Good Friday service that's coming up. Uh that's going to be April 18th at 7:30 p.m. We're going to do Good Friday service. And um don't forget this weekend we have the meetings for brother uh Bernard. And uh you actually just heard one of the preachers uh that's going to be preaching for brother Bernard this this weekend. And uh and I know uh brother Mike uh from Rapture in Faith. Amen. The pastor at Rapture and Faith, he'll be speaking as well. So uh let's continue to pray for the meetings that God would just move in a supernatural way uh there uh for the saints that'll be gathered together. Um I know the services are Friday night, um Saturday morning and uh Saturday night. Uh and then they have their regular Sunday morning service. So, uh, my plan for Friday night, brothers on the setup, want to try to come early to get everything set up that way, uh, those of us that want to go down on Friday night to be a part of the service, we can go on Friday night to do that. So, uh, we'll come early. We have our meetings that'll be hosted at Palm Beach Gardens High School July 25th through 27th. And our theme is I will restore, sayeth the Lord. And uh if you were listening closely, uh brother Chakosi start going down that path of that palmer and cankerorm. Uh he he hit him tonight. He was tying it right into the uh the white horse riding, the red horse rider, and uh the black horse riding. Then all three colors get mixed together, become pale. Uh only a prophet could tell us these things. Only a prophet could tell us these things. and you know and it's just so much in there. Lord have mercy. I I sometimes I just I I have to try to contain myself. But you recently I was just sharing with some brothers um uh brother Brandham actually because there are things that people are looking for. They think it's a future work and don't even realize that many of these things have already happened. And the prophet was as as as the revelation continued to unfold to him, he would share more and more and more with us. And and what you have to do is you uh uh you have to follow him, you know, uh follow that trail and you just can't stop at one sermon because God might open up a little bit more and then he'll come out and preach that, right? Uh so uh but one of the things that he said, he said that uh first he said all the trumpets sounded underneath the sixth seal. That's what he said. He said all the trumpets sounded underneath six seal. And then he said the sixth trumpet happened during the time of Ikeman and Hitler. So there is some that's waiting for something to happen in the future and then just completely missed that. He said it already happened and and what we didn't get cuz he he actually made statements. He said uh these things were happening at the same time. He used language like that. So there was a a simultaneous happening, right? You have seals being unfolded. You have uh uh church ages being unfolded. And you have these these these trumpets being unfolded. Everything happening at the same time. We got a message y'all. We got a rich message. Very very rich. But we thank God for it for this. But we uh we'll be hosting the I will restore the Lord July meetings. Uh you all know brother Wesco used to host the meetings in July and uh we just felt to pick it up and keep it going. The Lord used to do mighty things here in this area and brother Chakosa used to be a speaker you know at some of those meetings sometime but we're picking this up and we're going to keep going you know with it as the Lord would allow us uh to do so. So uh we look forward to that. Our giving it happens multiple ways. Um for those online uh we have Zale, PayPal and Cash App, but the preferred measure method is Zel. Um um we know that others don't everybody doesn't have that. So we do have PayPal and Cash App. And if you use Zel or PayPal, the uh address that you use is giving atj423.org. If you use cash app, uh it's dollar sign spirit and trutht. But PayPal and cash app, they do take fees. So that's why we encourage you if you can use zel. Our mailing address is on the bottom of the screen for those that want to mail in an offering. Those that are in the sanctuary, you have those methods that you can use as well as you have a wooden box in the back that you can use. It's when we come in or go out, you can use that box for your giving. Amen. That's all we have for tonight. Is there no no Saturday morning? So, it's just Friday night. Saturday. Okay. Friday 7:00 p.m. Saturday 7:00 p.m. and then and then their Sunday morning service. Okay. So I What? Oh, for Sunday 10:00 a.m. I would have been down there Sunday morning. Well, why ain't no church going on? Thank you for for for for opening our eyes. We got some is Praise God. Amen. All right. Well, um we will prepare to dismiss. Amen. On tonight and um we'll be back on Sunday morning here. But again, those of you that can make it to the services this weekend in Miami, we encourage you to do so. Let's pray. Father, we're grateful uh for this special blessing that you gave us here tonight. We thank you for your word. Your manservant has come Lord just to deliver a thought uh to us and we can appreciate the Iself of spiritual revelation God. It it is a it it settles us. It uh uh assures us. It puts us in a place Lord where we know where we're standing. And and as uh the minister said tonight, when we when we have that gates of hell can't prevail against that. uh there there's many things that would come against it. Uh we'll see uh so much in our life, but when we have it, it settles us. We don't we don't walk around with the same type of questions uh because there's just something in our heart. God and and and I know that there are times where the believers may feel a little bit like Peter when Jesus said, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part uh with me." and and and maybe there were there were many that heard these statements and said, "This man is a cannibal. There's something wrong with him. There's a a mystery, you know, around him." And and as they maybe looked at Peter and Peter, they asked him, "Are you going to go to Peter? Cuz we can't take this. We we got to go back." And when Peter was asked the question, will you go? My my my my what a revelation Peter had. To whom shall we go? Only you have the words of eternal life. And God, sometimes we can't explain everything, but we know we're not going anywhere because this is where we have received life. This has been a game changer for our lives. And God, we're grateful for that. We have been blessed by uh the the word in this hour. So, Father, we pray that as we prepare to leave this place that we would go and uh Lord, just just meditate and think on you. have fellowship around your word, encouraging and strengthen one another. Uh we pray for your servant, brother, brother brother Jacosce, Lord, as he prepares for the services this weekend, uh the meeting, Lord, coming forth with at brother Bernard's. Pray that the spirit of God would move in a very special way. Uh bless the saints as they gather and Lord, may the Holy Spirit have preeminence uh in that place. We trust, oh God, that you will watch over the saints until we're able to come back together again. May you be glorified, magnified, and all that we do. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. And amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. God bless you. Uh we'll have the brothers come at this time uh to dismiss us. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
