################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - Make Full Proof of Your Restoration - Bro Jerry Cesar (07-09-2025) - Jerry Cesar.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    Make Full Proof of Your Restoration - Bro Jerry Cesar (07-09-2025)
Speaker:  Jerry Cesar
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4CZxhfl1NE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I need you. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. Sing it with your heart tonight. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Lord, hear our desperation. I lift my hands. I bow my knees and worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Say it again. Sing it with your heart tonight. Say, "I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. Lord, it's an emergency. I need you. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, I lift my hands, Lord. I lift my hands and bow my knees as I worship at your throne. I need you. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. One more time. Sing it with your heart. Come on. Say, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. Not tomorrow. Right now, Lord, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. Doing all I know. Lord, I live. I lift my hands. I bow my knees. As I worship at your throne, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Amen. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap. Lord, we need you now, Lord God. Hear our cry, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Happy Wednesday. Glad to be here in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. I just ask you to bow your head. We're going to say a prayer over the service. Um precious heavenly father, just just thank you, Lord God, for your grace and mercy, Lord, to just allow us to even walk through these doors tonight, Lord. Lord, Lord, the only thing that's promised is your word, Lord Jesus. And we trust and believe on you, Lord God. Thank you Lord God for just just favor Lord God even when we don't deserve it Lord Jesus. Oh Lord God we just we just thank you Lord we just pray over the service Lord God that that only a certain atmosphere may be created Lord so your word may reign free in this room tonight Lord Jesus. Lord God we just we ask you to bless our brother Lord as he comes to minister the word Lord. Allow him to get himself out of the way Lord God. Let him have his let him have let him let let you have your way Lord with him Lord Jesus. Let him not interfere Lord God. Let it be all you Lord God that speak to our individual Lord God situation Lord Jesus cuz in this moment in this time Lord in this late hour we need you Lord. We have Lord we just such a a privile people to understand how much we need you Lord God. Lord we just thankful Lord if there are those Lord God who are on the way Lord bless them. Give them traveling mercies. Lord God, if those who couldn't make it tonight, Lord God, we ask you to bless them where they are. If they're watching over the stream, Lord God, touch their hearts, Lord God, where they are, Lord Jesus. So you may get the gl the glory and the honor and the praise, Lord, from us all. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And clap for the Lord. Um, so before before I start the second song, um, I just wanted to apologize to all of you. Um, I asked the Lord to forgive me. Um, when he first called me to do this, I had so many questions. Um, and I just told the Lord, I'm sorry, Lord. I should have trusted you when you called me the first time. Um, and I and if I hindered any of your worship, I want to say I apologize. Um, so I just want to say that first. Oh, th [Music] Oh, above all powers, above all kings, above all nation, and all created things, above of all above all wisdom in all the ways of man. [Music] You were here before the world began. Above all, oh kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonderers, the world is ever known. Amen. above our trail and the treasures of the earth. There's no way. There's no way to measure what you were worth. For you were crucified, Lord. Crucify. Lay behind a star. You live. You live to die. [Music] Rejected like trampled on the ground. You took the fall. will fall and daughter of me above all above all powers above all above all king. Brother Jack above all nation in all created things. Above all, above all wisdom in all the ways of man. [Music] You were here before the world began. For you alone, oh crucified, laid behind the star. You live to die. [Music] rejected by your own. Oh, you were traled on the ground. You took the fall. Hallelujah. Father [Music] above all one more time you were crucified and you were laid [Music] live to die. You were rejected alone. It was like host. You were treble on the ground and you took the fall. Oh, you found me. You took the fall. You took the fall. He thought of me. Yeah. You took a fall. [Music] You thought of me. Above all. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hey, he didn't have to do it, but he did. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You can keep playing that uh softly sis. Tonight, our precious uh brother Jerry will be coming to minister uh for us. And again, just so happy to have these precious brothers uh in our midst. and just thank God for the gifts that he has placed in uh with us. Sister Zion, so good to see you uh tonight. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. But let's welcome Amen. our precious brother Jerry uh Cesara as he comes. You were cru [Music] and you were laying [Music] a rose on the ground where you take me. [Music] There's another God bless you. Let's bow on a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, we just thank you Lord God for what you did for us Lord. Oh father when we sing this song Lord we can we can say it's personal because Lord if you did not get crucified Lord if you did not shed your blood father Lord our past would not be erased. And God, we just thank you, Lord, that we can walk forward, Lord, knowing that we don't have to look backwards, but we can look to Calvary. And Father God, you have assembled your people here tonight, Lord, because your blood has made us whole. Your blood has made us perfect. Whatever the situation is tonight, Lord, your blood has settled it. And Lord, we thank you, God, that you would look upon us, Father, that we would mean more to you than your own blood. Lord, we just thank you for that, God. Lord, we just pray that you would have your way this evening, Lord. Visit us, Lord, in a special way as you visited your children in the cool of the day, Father. God, I pray have the preeminence, Lord. Lord, may you drop a word, Father, that would minister to the hearts of your people, Lord. Lord God, you've ordained this day, Lord. And we heard it on Sunday, Father. You work in the way that's predestinated, Lord. You predestinated this service. So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the predestinated word this evening. And God, we just want to commit all things into your precious hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, musicians. God richly bless you. I greet you all in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh it is truly a honor and privilege to be here tonight. Amen. Uh so this evening we want to just turn our Bibles to the book of Luke. Praise the Lord. Uh I do apologize. My computer just froze on me. Um, give me just one moment. Amen. Praise God. I did bring a backup. So, let me get my backup. In the name of the Lord. Uh Luke chapter 6 verse 45. Praise the Lord. And it reads, "A good man out of the good pleasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good. And an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil. For of the abundance of the heart, his mouth speaketh. And why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things that I say? Whosoever cometh to me and heareth my sayings and do witheth them, I will show you to whom he is like, he is like a man which built an house, and dig deep, and laid the foundation on a rock. And when the flood arose, the stream beat vehemently upon that house, and could not shake it, for it was founded upon a rock. But he that heareth and doeth not is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon the earth against which the L against which the stream did beat vehicently and immediately it fell and the ruin of that house was great. Praise God. May the Lord add a blessing to his reading. You may all have your seats. I want to read another scripture and want to turn to Malachi. Very familiar scripture to you all I trust. Malachi chapter 4 verses 5 and 6. And it reads, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. and he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Praise the Lord. So this evening I just want to speak on a little thought the Lord uh inspired me with um just over um just over the different messages we've heard. Uh I had other things that I was studying but but this seemed to come uh pretty sudden. Uh but the title tonight is make full proof of your restoration. Make full proof of your restoration. And we just want to work with that um making full proof for a while for a little bit and and just kind of break that down. Um so the word proof it it means in the evidence that something is true. Um that's what that word means. Um and when you think about um when you think about looking at a tree for example uh you can take a apple tree and the evidence that makes that apple tree true is that it bears forth apples. If you look at a mango tree the evidence that makes that tree true is that it bears forth mangoes. Is that right? So a tree is known by the fruit that it bears. Praise the Lord. So we we've been talking about the restoration of the bride tree. So when you look at what makes the bride tree true, the evidence is the restoration of the bride tree. So the the evidence the proof is evidence that something the evidence that something is true. The other another definition we can use too is proof is something that is able to withstand or uh resist. uh is when you're able to withstand something danger uh that is either damaging or something that's in danger or something that you can resist. Praise the Lord. So for example, if you take uh take something that's waterproof, water, something that's waterproof can resist the water. If you take something that's fireproof, it can resist fire. Praise the Lord. So if you take something that's restoration proof, then that means that you should be able to resist what you were restored from. Is that right? Praise the Lord. And tonight, we just want to we just want to uh gear our attention to what it means to be restored, what it means to you. Praise the Lord. And and and you know, when you when you talking about the the not just making proof, but making full proof. So full is something that's complete entire, something that has no empty space, something that has been made whole. Praise the Lord. So if we could put those two thoughts together, uh to make full proof is to make is to have the complete evidence of something, the complete evidence of your restoration. Praise the Lord. And the reason why I can call it either the complete evidence or the complete resistance is because the evidence that you have is that the the the fact that you can resist it is not because that you were restored from the thing, but it's who you were restored to. Praise the Lord. And the power lies in what you were restored to, not what you were restored from. Praise God. So when you've been restored, you have a responsibility. Praise the Lord. Amen. And and our responsibility tonight is we've been under the inspiration of I will restore sayith the Lord. Praise God. And now the purpose of all that is that we would find where our placing is where our position is in that in that title of that that that inspiration of being restored. Praise God. Now it would be uh disappointed at the end of the journey to realize that you didn't do all that you could do. Praise the Lord. So, if if there is anything the Lord requires of you is to go all the way, not halfway, not part way. Praise God. If you want full-time benefits, you're going to have to be a full-time believer. Praise the Lord. And God expects you to go all the way. Amen. Amen. The prophet says this here in the message, perfect strength by perfect weakness. He says, there's one thing that we've got to master. Not two, not three, one thing that we've got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire in our lives. That is we have to master the thought of human ability. If we ever get to a spot where we think that we can do it on our own and our own intelligence and our own abilities, we've got to master that in such a way that we can get rid of the thing and lay it aside so that God can use us. Praise the Lord. You see, it's easy to have plans and God might perhaps allow you to execute those plans and you you might even experience some success. Praise the Lord. But you see, at the end, all you'll really experience is waste. Praise the Lord. And God doesn't want you to experience waste. God wants to turn your plans into increase. He wants to turn your plans to his plans. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. And and when you have your plans, when you whatever it is that you desire to do, it's got to be based on the foundation of the word of God. That's the only thing that can stand. Praise God. The prophet goes on to say, make a complete surrender. We cannot use not one ability. We've got to make a complete surrender. And to come to God, you've got to surrender to him. Both soul, body, and spirit. Everything that you are has to be surrendered to God in order that he can work his will in you and in me. Now he says now that's hard. I know cuz we're always wanting to put our part in something that we know. We know that we want to do it well. I just know it should be done this way. But as long as you're going about it this way, it's going to be wrong. God will never use that effort. Praise the Lord. So, it's key and important and pivotal that we always realize that our abilities don't matter to God. Amen. God doesn't need our help to fulfill his promises in our lives. Praise the Lord. God just wants us a surrendered heart to what he's doing in this very hour. He wants to make you the best version of you in every season. Praise the Lord. When you go to work, he wants to make you the best employee. when you go at home, he wants to make you the best man or the best woman. Praise the Lord. And you know, the last time I checked, he knew you before you knew you. Praise God. So, he wants you to make you the best version of yourself. And the only way that will happen is when you come to a complete surrender. Praise the Lord. Make full proof of what God is doing in your life. Praise God. Now, I'm always thinking about our young people and uh just want to just want to take a moment to uh lay some things down. It'll minister to us all, but certainly had the young people in mind as as I was studying this. So, we want to just turn to Luke 15 11. Praise the Lord. And it reads, this is talking about the story with the with the two sons. It says, "He said, a certain man had two sons, and the younger of them said to his father, father, give me the portions of goods that fallth to me, and he divided unto him his living." And young people, I just want you to understand that your parents, they they have accumulated what I can say according to the scripture is they've accumulated portions of goods for you, right? They've accumulated not just financial goods, but spiritual goods, emotional goods, natural goods. Praise the Lord. And if I could say it like this, do do not waste your goods. Praise the Lord. All the things that your parents has invested in your life are a portion of goods and do not waste those goods. And and and if I could even go further, don't give your goods to the devil. Right? Because the devil wants all that you have. Praise the Lord. And and all he wants to do is destroy it. Amen. It goes on to say, "And uh not many days after the younger son gathered all together and took his journey into a far country and there wasted his substance with riotist living." Praise the Lord. And I just want to stop there for a moment and say it it's it's something that when you are when when you were close to home, this young man uh when he gathered all of his goods, he decided that he was going to go a far and maybe he thought to himself he could get away with some things because he's further from home. Praise the Lord. And and there because of his environment, because of where he what he was disconnected from, he wasted all of his substance. Amen. and and and the the things that your parents go through to be who you are in this hour, to be under the the the ministry. Amen. All these things is so that you can have a sustainable life spiritually. Praise the Lord. Not just naturally. Your health is important, but your soul has to prosper spiritually. Amen. And and you see he went to a far journey, a far country and is that is where he raced all the things that that that that that he decided that he took away from home. Amen. And and you see the thing about when you are a believer, you must be careful young people how far you want to go. Right? Because one thing that's important, you'll never know how far is too far. Amen. But I'll tell you, who knows how far is too far? The devil. The devil knows how far is too far. Praise the Lord. And and and you see, he'll make you go further than you want to go. Amen. So he goes on to say that when um he he basically subs righteous living. Verse 14. And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land and he began to be in want. And when it couldn't get any worse, it just got worse. Amen. And and he goes on and it says, "And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country, and he sent into him, you know, he sent him into his fields to feed swine, and he would have fain have filled his belly with the husk that the swine did eat, and no man gave unto him." Praise God. You see, it's a sad situation when you um when you try to uh replace uh what you have for for for something less. The the prophet said, "A hungry man will eat from a garbage can." Amen. And you see, if I could encourage you, young people, don't leave the overflow for less than crumbs. Amen. I'm going to say that again. Don't leave the overflow for less than crumbs. Amen. And you know, at least the crumbs are supernatural. Amen. And you go, you you know what I'm talking about when I say supernatural crumbs. But when you when you accept less than crumbs, it shows that what you're identifying with. And this young man had no identity. It was so bad that he lost the sense of who he was, the the purpose that he had in life. Amen. And it all started because he was in the wrong environment at the wrong time. Amen. And he was left with nothing. And that's what the enemy wants to do. He wants to strip you of everything that you have. Amen. But you see the story doesn't stop there. In verse 17, it says, "And when he came to himself," Yes, sir. He said, "How many hired servants of my fathers have bread enough to spare?" Amen. And I perish with hunger. He decided, I will arise and go to my father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee. A he says, I am and I am no more worthy to be called thy son. Make me as one of thy hired servants. Praise God. And I like this this the decision this man made because no matter what your situation is, the power to arise is within you. Amen. I'm going say it again. The power to arise is within you. Amen. It's not something God has to do. God does not have to go back to Calvary so you can get back up. Amen. I'm going to say it again. God does not have to go back to Calvary so you can get back up. Amen. You have the power within you to arise from any situation. That's right. The scripture declares, "A just man falls seven times, but he gets up again." Praise the Lord. So, if anybody's down tonight, I encourage you to arise. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. The prophet says in the message, "If God be with us, then where be all his miracles?" He says, "If you want to see a miracle, become one. Let God work on you first. He's got some overhauling to do, some different lenses to put over your eyes because you are blind, dead in sins and trespasses, spiritually blind, double dead, right? God has to give you life. Touch your eyes so you can see, perform a miracle and make you a miracle and then you can see the miracle working God. That's the first thing. Praise the Lord. And I just love that because maybe you're looking around you and you realize that this person is successful. This person is is is is progressing. This person is doing very well. And you look at yourself and you realize what am I doing? Amen. But you see, I tell you that God still has a plan. Amen. And part of his plan is for you to become a miracle. And the only way you'll become a miracle, the only way you'll become a miracle is by believing the miracle. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. And I can imagine this young man going back home now. I can imagine that maybe he uh he's received home by his father. His brother feels a little bit a type of way, but but ultimately maybe his brother had a the bed the bigger room in the house, but this young man now has the biggest room. He has a he goes from a queen-sized bed to a king-sized bed. And and maybe he he he he he he took some bread in his possession because of the overflow. Right? So the thing about this young man that I like is he may have lost his inheritance. But he had to accept one thing and that one thing was his position as a son. Amen. He decided that he was going to go back home to as a servant but he had to accept that decision that he was not born as a servant. Amen. He was not predestinated as a servant. Amen. He was predestinated as a son. Amen. And when you experience restoration, restoration is to go back to the same position that you fell from. Praise God. That's right, brother. Amen. And and and you know this young man, he he had the opportunity to to make full proof of what God did in his life. Amen. The prophet says this in the message, come follow me. He says, always remember, keeping the commandments of God is a great thing. Being raised in a good home is a heritage from God. and to be fine kids with personalities as you have good wonderful to have an education. It's wonderful to even live in this free land. We got many things to be thankful for. But there's one thing that you just don't inherit. You've got to accept it. That's eternal life. And you'll only do that by following Jesus by a born again experience. Don't neglect that. Amen. And I encourage our young people, no matter where you find yourself, no matter what situation, no matter the crowd, don't neglect that you have a decision to accept. Amen. And you have the opportunity to make full proof of what God's called you to. Amen. A Christian does what Christ does. A Christian loves like Christ loves, even if your brother hates you. All right? Christian is patient as Christ was patient. A Christian has the the meekness of God even if you're quick-tempered. No matter the situation, God God quickens the word to you so you can be like him. Amen. And and and so much so that God wants your faith to be at a place where it's no longer your faith, but is his faith. It's the very faith of Christ that becomes indwelled in you. Amen. Even if you don't understand it. Praise God. The the prophet says in in paragraph 74, possessing the gates of the enemy, he says Paul said,"None of these things bother me, for he was tied to an absolute, Christ, and every true achievement is tied to an absolute. And my absolute is the word. And everything else, everybody else that's really born of the spirit, their absolute is God's word. I'm tied to it. I laid my hands upon it and it took my place and I've identified myself with him. We knew that he promised to identify himself with us. That brings genuine faith, not your faith, but his faith. Something that you don't control. And I just like that. He says it brings not just your faith, but his faith, something that you don't control. He says he does it. Now, notice that then and only then is the promise made to you. And and I I was just reminded that some someone that was really in a situation they couldn't control, they had no power over is the three Hebrew boys. Amen. They had no control over their situation. Matter of fact, they had power to prevent, but they had no power to control. You see, and and if they decided to ex exercise the their right to to to not go through that fiery furnace, right, they would have they would have violated God's law. they would have served another god. Amen. But they have something within them that uh that even if and I want to echo this to the young people. Always remember that you have an even if. Amen. Always remember you have an even if. Because they took a stand and they they they called they they were called to the king in that time and the king had to question them to confirm whether the accusation was true. And when they came forth to the king, they says, "Yes, O king, it is true. We have not decided to bow down to your God." Amen. But you see, the king had a had a commandment. He had a decree. He said, "If you do not bow down, this will be the consequences." And they knew that. But in the midst in the face of this king, they said, "King, our God is able to deliver us from this situation. But even if he don't, we will still not bow down. That's right. And you see, even if Right, it it it suggests the worst case scenario, right? It it it it puts you in a situation where the very worst can happen. Amen. But but just like we heard the other Sunday, right? Uh uh uh God has a way of and I don't want to get this get this wrong, but he has a way of oneupping the situation. Praise the Lord. Because even when it gets worse, even if God has a way to go even beyond that, amen, you have a even if. And God can go beyond your even if. Praise the Lord. [Music] Not just like this because here we we we find this whole thing played out. Now, these three Hebrew boys, they're in the fire, right? And we'll go to verse 25 in in Daniel chapter uh Daniel chapter 3. It goes on to say, "And he answered, this is the king." Actually, we'll start at verse 24. Uh verse 24, the king says, "Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonished and rose up in haste and spake and said unto his counselors, "Did not we cast three men bound in the midst of the fire?" They answered and said unto the king, "True, O king." And verse 25, it says, "He answered and says,"Lo, I see four men loose." All right, walking in the midst of the fire. And and I just want to stop at that word loose. Because you see, he he he said there were bound three men that were bound in the fire. But his testimony had to change. Amen. Because now he says we see four men loose. Praise the Lord. So you see when you're in the right company or if I could this when God is in your company you can experience to be loose. It doesn't matter the situation. Right? Even if you're bound, you can be loose. Praise God. Amen. And you see it it proved that that that that they have to they have to testify that the very Hebrew boy's testimony. And it goes on to say that then King Nebuchadnezzar came near. Uh do a pause. I'm going to finish reading verse 25. It says, "And he said, lo, I see four men loose walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt. In the form of the fourth is like the son of God." Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace and spake and said, "Sadrach, Meach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth and come hither." Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abedneo came forth out of the midst of the fire. Praise the Lord. And verse 27, it says, "And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counselors being gathered together saw these men." Now, I just want to take a moment to really uh uh uh picture this moment that's happening. It goes to say, "Upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was in hair of their head seen, neither were the their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them." Praise the Lord. And I just want you to notice that there was absolutely no proof that they had been in the fire. There was no proof, no evidence that they were in the fire. And then I can go further. The only proof that they had is that they had been restored. That was the only proof. So the proof, there was no tangible proof, but the proof was restoration. Amen. The fact that they were in the fire is the only way that they know that they were now restored back to their position. And you see, they weren't just restored. If we go on to the story, you'll if you read it, you'll see that at the very last verse there, it says that they got a promotion. So you see, when you were restored, you'll restore with better. Amen. You don't ever experience restoration with a demotion. You experience restoration with promotion. Praise the Lord. With promotion, with increase, with overflow. Praise the Lord. Yes. And that was their testimony. They experienced a promotion. My God. Because of their faithfulness to God. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Glory. And I just I just like this because one of the things that we also have the responsibility to do is when we see our brother or our sister restored, right, there should be no proof of what they've been through. So when we look at them, we can't point to what they were restored from. We have to pray to where they restored to. Praise the Lord. Amen. The only proof that matter is that they were there and now they are here. Praise God. Somewhere between here and there. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. So when you see your brothers restored at these meetings, when you see your brothers sitting right next to you, what they've been through, there's no proof. Amen. There's no evidence. Praise the Lord. Because what matters is that they're right beside you. Amen. Glory to God. The prophet says this in the message influence. He says, "And if we take the testimony of being Christians, I think that is one of the most solemn things that a man or woman, boy or girl, could do." Praise God. He says that when he takes on the name of Christ that is that is he is going to be a representative of Christ. You should watch every move you make because somebody is watching you. And in this it reflects what God has done for you inside of you. Praise the Lord. A and we have as a responsibility to be mindful when we are representative of Christ because every action matters. Every situation matters. Praise the Lord. Job 13:15 says, "Though he slay me, yet I will trust him." Amen. But I will maintain my own ways before him, he also shall be my salvation. For an hypocrite shall not come before him. Habach 3:1 17 says, "Although the fig trees shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines, the labor of our of the olive shall fail, and the field shall not yield no meat. The flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls. Yet I will rejoice in the Lord. I will joy in the God of my salvation. The Lord my God is my strength. He will make my feet like his feet. He will make me to walk upon my high places. The chief singer on my stinger stringed instruments. Praise the Lord. So you you have you have in every situation the opportunity to defy it. Praise God. You have the opportunity to to to say to yourself, even if it doesn't play out the way I expected to, I will still praise the Lord. I will still jo have joy in the Lord. Praise the Lord. Because the the the joy of the Lord is greater than your weakness. It's greater than anything that you can go through. Praise God. So just want to continue this thought here and we'll just read um uh Luke chapter 8. So that was to our young people. So you guys are dismissed. Praise the Lord. So Luke chapter 8 verse 38 is what we want to turn to. And in this uh in this uh situ in this story in the word that we we we we see this is a time where Jesus has entered into this country or city and he he he comes in and immediately there's a man that that cries out to him that falls before him and says that uh it says that um that that he's in need. Amen. Uh but but this man he is so possessed of demons. Amen. The demons question Christ and says, "What have we to do with thee?" Amen. And and you know um in this in this in this uh story we see that this man had a a condition that he'd been endured for years. Uh he'd been away from home. He left everything behind and his only habitation was in the tombs. This is this is where he he this is where the devil drove him. And you see the the devil has a way of driving you into some insane places. I don't think he ever imagined that he'd be his habitation would be in the wilderness, right? But this is where he his his his habitation was. Praise God. So in verse 38 it says uh uh now the man of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him, but Jesus sent him away. And this this as this is happening um people is is is hearing all of this that's happening the the the devil's being uh uh cast out of this man and and and he went to the a thing of swine and the swine got choked. But this man at after he had been delivered of this of this devil, he he had the right desire. He had the right uh attitude. He he wanted to follow Christ. Amen. That's what he wanted to do. He wanted to go where Christ went because he realized that there's probably more where that came from. Amen. That's right, brother. But I I just thought it was real interesting what Christ's response was. Amen. It says that now the man of whom the devils were departed besought him and that he might be with him. But Jesus instead of saying follow me, Jesus says send him away saying return to thine house and show how great things God hath done unto thee. Praise the Lord. And I just thought that was remarkable because Jesus sent him away with a specific instruction, right? He he didn't just say, "Return to thy house. You have been made whole." He says, "Return to thine house and show." Right? So So there was a responsibility this man had to to go and and to show the evidence of what happened to him. Amen. and and and and now the evidence was that he was in a he was in a new situation where he was not the same man anymore. Amen. And I just wonder that how many things are being delayed, right? Because maybe we have not returned to certain situations the way God has instructed us to. Praise the Lord. What blessings are being delayed because we have not returned? And you see this man now had a testimony because it wasn't that he just returned, but he had to return and show what God did in his life, right? And he had to he had to go the full nine yards to show that things had been different. Amen. And I just want to encourage you tonight that don't just be restored. Amen. But but make full proof of what God has done for you. Show all the things that God has done. Amen. Praise the Lord. the the the the story goes that the the whole city that he was in was now under expectation for Jesus to come before them. Praise the Lord. And and and it goes to say in in verse 40, "And it came to pass when Jesus returned the people received him gladly for they were all waiting for him." So because of this man's testimony, it brought everybody under expectation to what God can do. Praise the Lord. So his restoration was a testimony to the whole city. Yes, sir. Praise God. Amen. And for the sake of time, just going to skip a few of my notes here. Praise the Lord. And I just want to turn to Colossians chapter 1 21. And it reads, "And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unprovable in his sight. If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven, whereof I Paul am made a minister, who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church. So I thought it was just real interesting to see all that Paul had to go through in his day. Amen. And we know that the early the early church had an experience where uh certainly they they were a together group. They had to come together and become one in one accord. And Paul being the prophet of that age could see further far off and realize that the things that he was going through was for the purpose of bringing the future bride together. Amen. So, he endured those afflictions knowing that there was a body that had to be complete. Praise the Lord. It goes on to say in uh verse 25, whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what the riches of the glory of the mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Praise the Lord. in verse in 1 John chapter 3 I'm going to read verse 16 praise God and it reads hereby we perceive the love of God because he laid down his life for us and we ought to lay it down our lives for the brethren but who so hath this world's good and seeth his brother have need and shutth up his bows of compassion from him how dwell dwelleth the love of God in him. My little children, let us love not in word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in truth. And hereby we know what we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before them. For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things. Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then we can have confidence toward God. And whatever we ask, we receive of him because he we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight. Praise the Lord. And I just thought it was uh a very long time to hear our brother preach last week on the church of God. And you know, one of the things God desires is that we are a together group. That we have a love that cannot be broken by any chains of devils. Amen. And and one of the things that's important is is when we can realize that the purpose of the word is so that we can be is just like Christ was. And if Christ laid down his life, then we have to lay down our lives for one another. Amen. And and and that's one of the things that that I think uh the enemy tries to sneak in and he he tries to disrupt different things, but we have to set our affection so high that we look beyond the faults of each other. Amen. But we look beyond the different things that may happen that that were unintentional. Praise the Lord. Because God has God God says Paul says that we must do those things which are pleasing in his sight. And it pleases God, right? Just like as a parent, you're pleased when you can see your children love one another. Amen. So God is pleased when we can love one another. Praise God. Amen. Amen. The prophet says this in the message turning northward. He says, "I know it's not popular. It's not popular amongst people, but brother, it's the message of the hour to come together. The souls have to move together. We are to be one church of the living God. Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, Lutheran, oneness, threeness, fiveness, all of us together. We are one group. We are God's children by birth. That's exactly right. All the father has given to me will come to me. And how are you going to come when you got a fence built so high you can't touch the coconuts? See, you have to do this and do that. Oh, so many people. And you know, I could put it this way is is your your the prophet said, "How is how are you going to how are you going to invite this brother or how are you going to allow this person to come when you have your fence built so high you can't touch the coconuts?" But your brother can't touch the coconuts either. Your sister can't touch those coconuts either. Amen. So, it's important that we we lower the fence. Amen. Praise God. It goes to say that like the Philippian jailer that night when he said, "What must I do to be saved? What will we do? We tell him what not to do. You got to quit doing this. You got to quit going over there. You've got to quit doing this." He never asked what we had to quit doing. He asked what could he do to be saved. Right? Paul told him in no misunderstanding words. He said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." That's all. Get the faith of God back in the people so that they'll know what to do and how to act. And I just love that because you see, God intends for you not to just experience a breakthrough of of of of of having the perfect faith, but God also wants you to know how to exercise that faith. So God wants you to not only know you've been restored, but what it means to be restored and what you must do going forward. It says, not say, "Come over and join our group. Come over and join that group. Just get them back to God. God will take care of the rest. Get them into the kingdom. Praise the Lord. In ma in the book of Acts 4:31 and uh this is just a moment where there was a togetherness among the church. Praise the Lord. And you know, you know, when you're together when and I that's why I I I enjoy the brother's prayer every Tuesday. You see, because the the brother's prayer, the way that that started uh and we can go f uh further back to the sister's prayer, but I remember when I started the the brother's prayer, it was intercessory prayer, which means you not praying for yourself, but you're praying on behalf of others because you recognize that there's a need that others have and you have access to the throne. You have access to the lifeline. Praise the Lord. But when there's a need, you you get down and pray. But you have to forfeit your your prayer so that you can pray on behalf of others. Amen. That's togetherness. And here we see it says, "And when they prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and they spake the word of God with boldness. And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul. Neither say any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own. But they had all things common. And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord. And Jesus uh and great grace was upon them all. Neither was there any among them that lacked. For as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them and brought the prices of the things that they were sold and laid them down at the apostles feet. and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need. Praise the Lord. So you see now we we might not have to go sell our physical homes. Amen. But we could sell out on our pride. We could sell out on our on our what the what whether it's envy or what whether it's jealousy whatever we can sell out on those things. And when we have filled when we have been filled with the love of God, the love of God, as brother Quinton read on last Wednesday, we can be cemented with that love. Amen. Cemented with that love and distribution can be made to all. Praise the Lord. One might have more love than the other. Amen. But we will not lack nothing. Right? This is what the church experienced. They had no lack of nothing. Amen. and and and I just I just I just believe that the love of God has a way of penetrating through any situation. Praise God. You know, the prophet before he he said that the the evidence of the what the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Spirit was, he says that the having love in your heart, that was how you can identify a true believer, just having that genuine love. Amen. And and I just believe the prophet's ministry evolved to where he he he God revealed more to him to where he could say that you must believe not just have love but you must believe the hour for your day. Praise God. You must have a revelation of what God has called you to in your hour. Praise the Lord. Amen. In Hagi chapter 2 verse 6 it reads for thus said the Lord of hosts yet once it is a little while and I will shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land and I will shake all nations and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this house with glory sayith the Lord of Hosts. The silver is mine and the gold is mine, sayeth the Lord of Hosts. The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, sayeth the Lord of Hosts. And in this place will I give peace, sayeth the Lord of hosts. And I just want to declare that over you all tonight. Praise God. That if you've been restored, Amen. The glory of your house shall be greater than of the former. Amen. Amen. And and we can expect things to be on a greater scale. Amen. Because God only gets greater. Amen. When we meet God on the other side of our restoration, we're not meeting the God of yesterday. We're meeting the God of today. Praise the Lord. And God only increases. He only gets better. Amen. Praise the Lord. God doesn't get better, but God's greatness is revealed more to you. I needed to correct myself there. Praise the Lord. So, in closing, just want to go to the message, the restoration of the bride tree. It says uh paragraph 513. Praise the Lord. And before we read that, um, just want to take a moment. Uh, we we we when Jesus had to also make full proof of of of the things that God called him to do. Praise the Lord. When we go to uh Luke chapter 4 and he and I won't read it for the sake of time, but he goes and he he he goes to he he goes and the book is given to him, right? Our pastor has gone over this, but as as the book is is is given to him, he opens it and and the scripture says he found where it was written and and he found where it was written concerning himself. Praise the Lord. So when he when he opened the book and read it, he saw himself in the scripture. Praise the Lord. And therefore, he was able to to to not only understand what God called him to, but he was able to know exactly what he needed to do to make sure that he fulfilled the mission. Praise the Lord. And and and and as he as he did this, the things got the things in his journey got harder. He eventually got to a place where he he asked God, "If this cup could pass from me, let it be." But he came to the conclusion that never that nevertheless not my will but but thy will be done. Praise the Lord. So so God so Jesus was tried and he had to get to that place where he had to make full proof of what God was doing in his in his life. Praise the Lord. The message says uh in paragraph 513 uh we know that the prophet has told us that there's four life messengers and that uh four death messengers killed the tree but four life messengers will restore it. So it says what the fourth was the word itself the word made flesh. It says fruits of the proof of the resurrection sign that Christ has finally after justification planted, sanctification planted, baptism of the Holy Ghost, organ organizations died out and Christ has again centered himself like that cap of the pyramid. Amen. Uh what is it? the Holy Ghost bunch uh the Holy Ghost bunch being honed out so that it can be fit with the same kind of ministry he had when he went away that when he comes back it'll catch the whole thing in the rapture where that where the justified sanctified and baptism of the Holy Ghost that pyramid will stand again the house of God will live again the tree of life is growing again praise the Lord and I'm just uh so happy that we all could be part of that. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, in closing, um, in the message, the spoken word is the original seed. Just a few more quotes and I'll get out the way. Uh, the prophet says, remember, there will be such a denominational gathering pretty soon. It'll be terrific and they will bring themselves together into the federation of churches. And this and then and then this kind of church will be put out of operation as far as they know. Amen. It's at that time that Jesus will appear and he will show which is bride and which is not. And remember Christian friends, I'm a man. I can make mistakes. But God being God cannot make mistakes. All the words that's been written must be fulfilled. Jesus said so. So we've got things here in the scripture that must be fulfilled. And that is one of the things this boycott to come. Praise God. And and and you see when this boycott comes, it's a place of decision. Amen. Because you either have the seal of God or you have the mark of the beast. Amen. And you know, uh there's certain people that like to dis that like to dismiss the idea of, oh, I'm not a religious person or I'm not a spiritual person. I'm just a good person. But there is no in between. You're going to either have the seal of God or the mark of the beast. You're going to serve one or the other. Praise God. Goes on to say, "But before this boycott can come of the marking of the beast, there has to be a sold seed for God to take a church out of it." You understand? A seed has to be sold, a denominational seed, and they're going to make a form of an image to the beast, the church of Rome. And there has to be a true bride. And we understand that the so-called bride is rejected. Praise the Lord. And uh paragraph 837 further down it says, "Now the ministry here has to hone into a place to the very same works that Jesus did because when he comes the headstone will catch right into it because they won't. There will be a rapture come and they'll be taken and the rest of the body will come with it and she'll be gone into heaven." Not a not a denomination, friends, a church of the word of God. You believe it? Praise the Lord. So for the last time in closing. Praise the Lord. This this this thought of just just making full proof of your restoration. We we see where where different ones had to go forth and make full proof of their situation. Jesus didn't just make full proof of anything. He made proof. He he had to make full proof of the word and the word has now become our absolute. Praise the Lord. So because of that uh we have what we have today and we read in the beginning that uh in the book of Malachi that the God was sent Elijah and we all know who that Elijah is. Amen. And you see in the beginning of brother Brandham's ministry, brother Brandham um when I when this thought was given to me, I as our pastor always says uh search it through the through the message and uh just just came to different things that the prophet himself had to go through. And one of the first things is as he was laying the cornerstone of the tabernacle, uh he had a trance. He called it in those days. It was a vision. He didn't know what to call it, but he said it was it was a trance. But in this vision, Amen. he was visited. Amen. And and what what he saw in this vision is he saw that there was uh uh two trees. There was two sides. Praise the Lord. And in midst of the two sides, he says that uh there was an empty place on each side to be filled, right? And then he there was a tree that was planted down and he took each branches of each side and he cut the tree in half and he planted it down. And it goes to say that uh and up into the heavens went the great trees uh growing quickly and the fruits fell down and they were delicious. He says I was eating them and at the cross just ahead of me lay all lay all covered with fruit. And it was at that time that he got to a place and the spirit of the Lord spoke to him and says, "Make full proof of your ministry." He says, "Do the work of an evangelist. Make full proof of your ministry." And I just thought it was u real interesting because he asked uh the the the the voice the spirit of the Lord told him that this is not your tabernacle. The tab where he was laying the cornerstone, the foundation, he says, "This was not your tabernacle." He says, "Where is my tabernacle?" Right. And I just thought it was very interesting that the prophet had to lay seeds. We had a different seeds were sold. Billy Graham preached to his group. Oral Roberts preached to his group. But the prophet Elijah was sent to a specific group of people. And the the word seed was sown and it's the same word seed that will bring the restoration of the bride tree. That's the fourth stage of the restoration. Praise the Lord. and and and and the prophet, I can say, fulfilled that. He he he made full proof, amen, of the of his ministry. Praise God. Cuz when we read the book of Malachi, when we read Luke 17, when we when we read Revelation chapter 10, right, we can see that the the the the mission was complete because he has a people that has been restored. Amen. And we are that people that has been restored back to God. That's exactly right. Praise the Lord. In the message restoration of the bride tree, paragraph 404 444, it says, "After Easter, his raising, he said, go into all the world, and I'm going to go with you. As the living father has sent me, he is in me, so I will send you, and I will be in you. I'm with you to the end of the world. the works. The same thing that I've done to prove that I was, you'll do the same things to prove that you are. I like that. These signs shall follow them that are believers. Not make believers, but believers. These things that I do, you will do it and vindicate that you are a believer just the same as the works that I done. Because the living father lives in me. It ain't me that doeth the work. It's my father. And it won't be you doing the works. It would be me and you doing the works. Now you go into all the world. Otherwise, you're going to form what's known to me as a bride. See, I'll go with you and you'll be part of me. You'll be my bride. My life will be in your body. Just like a husband and wife is one person. You and I are going to be one. At that day, you will know that I am in the father, the father in me, and I in you, and you in me. I just love that. Satan just gets so angry at that. See the oneness of God. All that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he poured into the church. There you are. Makes them all one. Praise the Lord. And and I just very uh just thankful to God that we can look on the other side of of of of Brother Brener's ministry and see that the mission was complete. See that we are in that ripening season where we can see the the fruits of the of the word of God bring forth a true restoration to every individual. Praise God. So just want to encourage all of us tonight as we uh just make ready uh for the meetings uh let us let us make full proof of what God has done for us. Let us make full proof of his restoration in our lives. Amen. Let us bow. Amen. Oh dear Lord Jesus. Father we just want to thank you God for your word Lord. Father God uh just unworthy mortal lips Lord. But Father your word is sharper than any twos word God. It can been it can penetrate oh Father deeper than any man's word can. And Lord it is our absolute tonight father. And God, we are all here tonight because we are believers, Lord. We're here tonight because you says there must be a bride, Father. And Lord, you promise, God, that there will be a togetherness that will come forth in the midst of the bride. Oh Lord, that will cause a such a love, Lord God. That God, we'll experience, oh Lord, omnipotence, Father. And God, I pray Lord that as we will just be preparing ourselves, Lord God, we will, Lord, just be saturated, Father, with your with your word, Lord, we'll be saturated with your presence, Father God. And Lord, we'll we'll go forth knowing that, Lord, you have to fulfill your word, Lord. If you spoke it, it cannot come back to you void, Lord. And if you said, I will restore, Lord, there must be a restoration, Father. So Lord God, let us all be under expectation. Father, that Lord, our brothers will be restored, our sisters will be restored, Lord. Father, if you could call Lazarus by name, Lord, that we can call our sisters by name, Lord. We can call our brothers by name, Lord. And God, we can expect for you to meet them there in a special way, oh Father. So, Father, we just ask that you would just be with us, Lord. Go with us as we would leave, Lord. And God, may the words that's been spoken, Father, be be swed in our hearts, Lord. And may you be the one to to water it with your praise, with your with your anointing, Lord, that God, we would just experience more of your restoration, more of your glory, Father, as we heard tonight, Lord, the the glory of the the the the glory of the latter house, Lord, shall be greater, Father, than the former. So, God, help us, Father, to to just expect more from you in this hour. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Bless you. Bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord for the word. Uh appreciate brother Jerry uh just getting himself out of the way and allowing the Lord to speak through his lips to us. Amen. Uh feel like I've been to the Smores board again tonight. Amen. God is good. God is good. Let us um um get the announcements uh for tonight and um All right. Um so we um we have prayer this Sunday morning from 9 to 10. Uh our service will start at 10:30 and then um uh Sunday school from 9:30 to 10:00 for our youth and young adults. We continue our streaming through uh Facebook which is SAT tabernacle as well as our church website uh john423.org. Um, I think there was a little confusion about that on Sunday, but the musicians practice is for our musicians. It's not for um the choir, but this is for our musicians, and it'll be here Friday, July 18th from 7 to 9:00. It'll be here at Jagger Middle School. Um, don't forget as we're approaching the uh meetings, uh know a lot will be done be having to be done. So, the Wednesday before the meetings, there won't be any service. Uh, that's Wednesday, July 23rd. I know on the 24th, we'll be doing all the setup there to get the the building all uh ready. And then um 25th, everything will be uh happening 25th, 26th, and 27th. And uh as I mentioned to the church on uh on Sunday, uh the Lord has provided for us to um someone open a door for us to to come and worship. They they're sharing their sanctuary with us. Uh the name of the church is Eagles Rest. And um which again, I don't think that's by a chance uh cuz we are Eagles. Amen. We are Eagles. And um so we uh the church is located at 2922 Jock Road and uh that's in Green Acres. That's just just down the street about 7 milesi down the street uh if you go south. And um um it's at the corner of 10th Avenue and Jog Road if you all are familiar with that area. And you'll see a big old sign. It's actually in the corner of the plaza just like we were over here. in the corner, you just see this big sign say church. And um that's where it will be right there in the corner. Uh our first service is going to be on a Wednesday night, July 30th at 7:30 p.m. That just gives us an opportunity to kind of uh get a feel for the building. Uh cuz the the the service times will be changing when when we get there. The service times will be changing. will be starting an hour earlier uh on our service and um a Sunday school to kind of get pushed up a little bit. I we'll we'll be giving all that information to you as we uh approach, but just want everyone to be aware uh to see all this so that when we finish the meetings, we won't be coming back to here. We'll be meeting there. All right. Uh so we'll go to the next page. We have um South Florida choir rehearsal on Saturday at Bride of Christ Tabernacle. That'll happen at 6 PM. Um and then we're expecting uh brother J Bez Ketta to be with us on Sunday. Uh he'll be ministering, a pastor from Nigeria. And then we have another brother, brother Gideon, uh who's also from Nigeria. He'll be ministering for us on next Wednesday night, uh July 16th. So, we're looking forward to uh these precious brothers passing through and um our meetings, our restore, sayeth the Lord, um uh that we're hosting at Palm Beach Gardens High School from July 25th to 27th. And also, uh I was talking to brother Simmons. He is having meetings uh Labor Day meetings there in South Carolina. Uh so, I told him that we certainly make mention of it uh for the saints that would want to attend. And I know he told me that the minister is going to be brother Isaiah Brooks and um brother Jimmy Nasa. Y'all might remember him. He's a brother from Zambia that preached for us a couple times. Brother Jimmy Nassa. He'll be there at the Labor Day meetings uh speaking for brother Simmons. Amen. Keep that in mind. So our giving is um um as far as online is through Zel, PayPal or Cash App. We can receive giving through all three methods. The preferred method is Zel because they do not take fees. Uh but if you have to use PayPal or Cash App, we do understand. If you use Zel or PayPal, please use giving atj423.org. If you use cash app, use dollar signspirit t. The mailing address is at the bottom of the screen. Those that are in the sanctuary, we do have a box in the back that you can drop your giving in. Amen. Before we would leave tonight, uh do we have any that would want to share a testimony or uh a prayer request? Uh do we have any? Okay. All right. I got I see a hand back here. Uh it's brother uh Quinton. God bless you. Um no mic. No mic. Okay. [Music] God bless you. God bless you. Um my brother Finton who lives in Texas uh he has a he has a business there and um he called me today and he's asking for um prayer for his business. He has a financial need um for his business. Okay. So and then the other prayer request is for traveling mercies. My son and I will be traveling on Saturday as well as my daughter. should be traveling from Texas um this weekend. So, we'll be back uh next Saturday. Okay. 19th. All right. Amen. We'll remember those requests. Anybody else? Okay. Yes, we got a hand here. Sister Bur, Sister Bur, thank you. God bless you, saints. Uh, I just wanted to thank the Lord for my coworker coming out to the service last week and once we got back to work, I hadn't seen or talked with her for a couple days and then one day she came up and she started talking about the service. She was actually saying some of the things that the minister had said and we just had good fellowship on it. Really good fellowship. So, she's planning on coming Sunday. So, you all be in prayer that you know the enemy doesn't come and hinder that. And I really see the Lord pulling her. Amen. And also, I'd asked prayer some time back for this chaplain that he and I had been having conversations and I gave him the flyer uh today for the meeting coming up and he really expressed an interest. He's having some issues with his car and he asked me to please pray for his car. So I I said I believe that God he's concerned about the things that we're concerned about. So I can we can pray for your car. Amen. Cuz he has to make visits throughout the day. Uh some of the hospice patients. So he needs really needs good transportation. Okay. Amen. Praise the Lord. or anyone else. All right. Okay. Uh let's take these requests uh to the Lord and um uh actually on last last um last uh Wednesday uh brother Quinton was preaching. He had no idea some of the things that he was saying was like right down that sister's alley. I mean, did you had no clue what you were saying up here? No clue. And um um uh Sister Birds could could share just some of the things that the the Sister Denise, that's her name, right? you know, you you were talking about the way people dress and she made a comment before she even came was like, "I need to go home and change before I actually go to church." And um and you come up talking about that and it's like, oh my Lord, she knew she was in the right place at the right time. So, uh it's good to know that the Lord is dealing with her and that she want to come on Sunday. Uh we pray that God will speak to her once again. uh and uh but but you know it it's I I'm happy people can come to church and know that they've heard from God, not not from a man. And especially when a person don't even know them. That's that's the work of the Holy Ghost uh that does that. But but yeah, it was it was it was precious precious. Thank God for you all of our brothers. All right, let's uh let's um uh take these requests to the Lord and um uh just pray over it. Father, we we come in the name of Jesus. First, we thank you for how you're dealing with Sister Denise. Thank you for her presence. And God, that she could hear your voice. Scripture says that my sheep know my voice and a stranger they will not follow. So God, she could hear you speaking through uh Brother Quinton to her and and Lord, um you're dealing with a heart that she wants to return uh once again. And then father as uh brother JZ would come a minister all the way from uh coming all the way from Nigeria. I mean yes Nigeria. And God um we pray that you would use him to say something else that would further her experience uh here. We know the enemy would try to fight her and maybe uh disrupt her uh uh uh coming. But Father, we bind the hands of the enemy right now in the name of Jesus. And you told us oh God that what we bind on earth will be bound in heaven. What we loose on earth will be loose in heaven. So we loose your spirit just to continue father the work that you have started uh in her life. Also the chaplain that mom has on her job that uh heard about the meetings and and desires but he has a uh some trouble with his vehicle and asks for prayer over the car. Uh I I'm reminded of different ones that have prayed over different things and you answered. Uh people prayed over their air conditioners and you answered, God, they they prayed o over vehicles and you answered. Prayed over refrigerators and you answered, God, you you are a God that's concerned about every uh part of our life. So uh we don't take this for granted and we speak life to that car. what whatever condition it is, Lord, may it be resolved. And uh if if you're if you're preparing him for a newer vehicle, then we receive that as well. Uh so whatever your plan is, God, we receive it. Just ask that you would bless him. And Father, that the door would be wide open for him to come and be a part of uh these services. Lord, Brother Quinton's brother Fenton um has a business need and uh we ask that you would just be involved. He has uh uh some needs that must be met. And God, we know that you're more than capable of meeting those needs. And Father, sometimes when we hear uh others put in requests like that, we think about our businesses. And Father, you know, the needs of each and every one of our business, God, you told us that whatever we put our hand to that it would prosper. And Father, so we expect prosperity. uh and when Satan tries to come and take away, you promise to restore. So, Father, we we expect restoration. We ask that you would move by your spirit upon all of our businesses, oh God, and that we would see overflow because that is what you have declared over us, amen, in this year. So, Father, let your uh let your your great plan go to work in our in our on our behalf. Provide the clients, the customers, the workers, everything we need uh provide. Father, we also want to remember uh both brother Quinton's in prayer and sister Sarah as well as they prepare to travel. Uh give them traveling mercies, oh God. And may you watch over them while they are away and may you keep them, Father. And uh Lord, just let them return uh home safely is our prayer. Bless the saints now as they prepare to leave this place but not your presence. God, may you go uh with us. Thank you for the word that has been brought to us tonight. And I just ask, oh God, that you would get glory and honor out of all that we do. Bring us back uh this weekend uh ready to hear once more from you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. Uh the brothers will come at this time to dismiss you. Amen. And God bless you tonight. [Music]
