################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Be Still - Bro Jack Duff (06-29-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    Be Still - Bro Jack Duff (06-29-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zN5zUrOcn2M
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God has Yes, he has smiled on me. He has set me free. God has he has smiled on me. He's been good. to me. Let's sing it one more time. Say, "God has God has he has smiled on me. He has set me free. God has he has smiled on me. He's been good to me. Say, "God has smiled on me. He has set me free. Our God has God has He has smiled on me. He's been good. He's been good. He's been Oh, God's been good. He's been so good. God has been good. Won't to me. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We all have that testimony. Hallelujah. I don't care what you've been through. God saw you through it. Amen. Let's turn to Psalms 119. We'll start at verse 89. It's good to see each one of you. It's good to be back in the house of the Lord. Amen. You I know every time I come into the house of the Lord, I leave blessed. Amen. So, I know there's a blessing that's coming. It's in store. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Before we read this, there's a there's a word in this this psalm. I think it's a key that once you get an understanding of this word, this psalm will mean a little more to you. It's the word precept. I thought I knew what precept means, but it says in the Bible, a precept generally generally refers to a commandment, instruction or principle intended as a rule of action or conduct. Ex it signifies a divide guideline given by God to direct the behavior of his people. Amen. And I think that's something special especially coming from David when we saw him in the younger part of his life. It always said that he behaved himself wisely. Amen. So as we read this keep that definition in your mind. Praise the Lord. Says forever oh Lord thy word is settled in heaven. Thy faithfulness is is unto all generations. Thou hast established the earth and it abideth. They continue this day according to thine ordinances. For all are thy ser servants. Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction. I will never forget thy precepts. For with them thou hast quickened me. his precepts. His guideline for your behavior has quickened me. I am thine. Save me, for I have sought thy precepts. I have sought thy divine guidelines for my behavior. The wicked have waited for me to destroy me, but I will consider thy testimonies. Amen. I've seen you work in others. I need you to work in me. I have seen an end of all perfection, but thy commandment is exceeding broad. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, we have entered these gates once again, Lord, to give praise to the mighty one in our midst, the Almighty God. Father, you have done marvelous things in times of old, Lord, but we've seen you move mightily in our midst, Lord. And father, no doubt your people have entered these gates, Lord Jesus, Father, with different situations and circumstances in their lives that they need your your leadership and your guidance. And Lord, they need you to help. So, Father God, we ask, Almighty God, speak through your servant this morning. Meet us at the point of our needs. Almighty God, Father, and as we lift up our voices in praise, Lord God. Oh, Father, when the praises go up, your blessings come down. We don't just want the blessings. We want you, Father. We want you to enter into this place and fill our vessels, Lord. We need more of you, Lord. Forgive us of all wrongs, Lord. Every sin, every iniquity, Lord, that we may stand before you perfected by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, pure and clean, Lord Jesus. For you are a holy God, Lord. You want to dwell in holy people, Lord, that you have made holy with your righteousness. So, Father, we ask you to move, Lord. have your way in this service, Lord, as we commit ourselves to you. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. I have entered your gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I have entered your courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Come on, let's sing it again. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his course with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Well, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice. Let's sing it one more time. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his course with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Well, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. Say, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Well, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me gladest. Till some glad morning when this life is over I going to fly away well to our home on goless sh away I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away in the morning. I shall not die. Hallelujah. By and by. I fly away. Well, when the shadows of this life have gone, I fly away. Like a bird from prison bars have flown. I fly away. Oh, I I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I I'm going to fly away. Well, I'll not die. Halleluah. By and by, I fly away. Oh, I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Well, I'll not die. Hallelujah. By and by. Come on. Just a few more weary days and then Well, just a few more weary days and then I I'm going to fly away. Well, to a land where joy shall never end. I fly away. Oh, I'm I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'll die and die. Well, I'll die and die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. Oh, I I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Well, I'll not die. Hallelujah. By and by. Come on, one more time. I'm going to fly away. Fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away in the morning. I'll not die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly by away. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. One day it's going to be a reality. Amen. We see all the all the players on the field now. Amen. We got the Pope over there. We got wars and rumors of wars. Amen. His coming is at hand. Amen. Amen. There are some things I may not know. There are some places says I can't go. But this one thing, this thing I know God is real. I can feel him in my soul. Sing, "Oh, God is real. He's so real in my soul." Well, God is real. For he has made me whole. His love for me. It is like your go. God is real. All I can feel him in my soul. Some me down. Some folk may fall. All can deserve and leave me alone. But as for me, I'm going to take God's cross. My God is real. I can feel in my heart. God is real. He's so real in my soul. God is real. He has found his for you to go. My God is real. I can feel in my soul. Oh, God is real. He's so real in my soul. My God is real. For he has found and made me whole. His love for me. It is like you're gone. My God is real, boy. My God is real. Yes, God is real. I'm God is real in my soul. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Is he real to you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Come on, say it again. Create in me. Create in me a great God. and renew thy spirit within me. Come on, say, "Oh, cast me out. Me away. Take not thy holy is for to me the joy of thy salvation and renew my spirit within me. Come on, create in me a clean heart, oh God. and renew a right spirit within me. Oh create, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not from thy presence. Oh Lord, take not thy holy spirit from me and restore the joy of thy salvation. And renew arise spirit within and renew. And renew arise spirit within me. Create in me and renew and renew arise spirit. Purify my heart in you. Take all my sins away. Wash every blemish. Remove them. Oh God, renew. Renew. Renew. A right spirit. One more time. Renew a right spirit. And renew a right spirit within me. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. That should be every heart's desire of every believer. My Lord, sometimes you go through things and you begin to question God and you feel like there's no more joy, but he just wants to restore and renew a right spirit within you. Amen. Our God, he loves us. Amen. You all may have your seats. We're going to ask Sister Shalom to come and give us a special this morning. Praise the Lord. Love of God is greater. He defy then tongue or pen can never tell. goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest star. The guilty pair bowed down wicked. God gave his son to him hising child. He reconciled and pardoned from his. Would we with the ocean feel and were the sky a parchment made? star on earth the queen and every knight by trail to write the love of God above would drain the Oh sh contain the whole and stretch from sky. Oh my god. How rich and pure, how meous and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and sh to ride the love of God above would drink the Oh, sun dry. Nor could the world contain the whole and stretch from sky to. Oh love of God, how rich and pure. found is your leg and strong it shall forever more endure the saints and angels the saint Sing song. The saint s. Hallelujah. Oh, the love of God. My Lord, whenever you get to feeling bad, just think of how much God loves you. Praise the Lord. Amen. My Lord. Amen. I see uh Brother Calvin, Sister Nelly, Brother Guest. God bless you, sister. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. We don't have any written requests, but I know we're going to have some people traveling soon. Brother Simba and his family. We want to keep them in prayer. Amen. We want to continue to pray for one another. Amen. We're all in the fire. Amen. So, keep one another in prayer. May I have the announcement, sister? Amen. On Wednesday, it'll be Sister Melissa's birthday. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We will have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll continue to stream via Facebook at sat tabernacle and also at the church's website, jonap423.org. We have sisters virtual prayer Tuesday night at 7:30 and Friday night's tape service. It's going beyond the camp. That's 64-0719. Amen. And then we have South Florida Choir Rehearsal uh next Saturday, July 5th. and July 12th as we prepare for the the um meetings coming up. It'll be at Brighter Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach at 6 p.m. Also, um we have a guest minister coming in on July 16th, Brother Gideon. And then also the meetings coming up July 25th through the 27th. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. It'll be at Palm Beach Gardens um high school in Palm Beach Gardens. Amen. As for giving, we have a wooden box in the back. Um, if you haven't put your given in there, you can drop it in as you leave. But we have three ways of giving online. Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. The preferred method is Zel. Um, uh, the email address you would use for both Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. And for Cash App is dollar sign Spirit and Truth T. And then for those who desire to mail in your giving in the Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our heads one more time. Father God, Father, thank you for allowing us to come into your presence, Lord. Thank you for being here, Lord Jesus. And Father, as we come before you, Lord, we we know, Lord, that Brother Simba and his family will be traveling soon, Lord, and they need your traveling mercies and grace, Lord. And we pray that you will bless them, keep them, may they have a most glorious time with their family, Lord, and bring them back safely to us, Lord Jesus. And Father, as we have gathered together as the people of the most high God, I pray over your children, Lord Jesus, that you will always go before them to keep them and protect them, lead them, guide them, Lord. Help them to be more like you. Draw them closer to you, Lord. And may your presence ever abide in them, Lord Jesus, to bless them as they go. Father, we pray for our pastor as he prepares his heart this morning. We ask almighty God that you will move upon him in a mighty way. Help him to get himself out of the way that you may speak to us, Lord Jesus. Lord, he needs you and so do we, Father. You said, Lord, if a minister comes out under the anointing, unto a people that's under the anointing, we're bound to hear from heaven. We know your word to be truth, Lord. So we're h we have great expectations of what you're doing. And father, we bring this little portion of our worship to you. Lord, we give Lord Jesus cheerfully unto you. Father, it's a pleasure, Lord, to give back to you for all that you have given us. So, Father, receive it, Lord Jesus, and bless your children. We pray. It's in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Sister Tina, will you come? God bless you. You fight on. Oh, you fight on. You fight on. Oh, you fight on. Keep your soul in your Oh, you fight on. Oh, you. Oh, you fight on. Oh, you fight on for your sword in your hand. You fight on. Oh, you fight on. Oh, you fight on. Oh, you find a heart. Your soul in your Yes, you. Oh, I went to the church. I didn't go to save. My soul got happy and I stayed all day. So keep your sword. You fight on. Yes. Oh, you fight on. Oh, you fight on. Yes. Keep your soul. You fight on. Oh, I slipped in the water. It's chilly and cold. It's you my body, but not my soul. So keep your soul. You fight on. Yeah. Oh, you fight on. Oh, you fight on hard. Yes, keep your sword. Yes, keep your soul. Yes, keep your son. You find on. Oh, you fight on. Yes, you fight on. Oh, keep your son. Yes, keep your son. Yes, keep your son. You got to keep your soul. Keep keep your soul. Keep keep your sword. Remind God of his promise in your hands. We mind God of his promise. We mind God of his promises. Remind God of his promises. You promised you would heal me. You promised you would deliver me. You promised you would set me free. You promised you would keep me. Yes, you promised me my family. Yes, you promised me my family. Yes. Keep your son. Yes. keep your soul. Remind God of his promises. Remind God of his promises. Keep your soul. Keep keep your soul. Get down on your knees and pray. Pray for your family. Pray for your finances, Lord. You promise me. Yes. Yes. You promised me. Your word said I would be delivered. Your word said I would be set free. Your word said I have my family. Lord, I stand on your word. Keep your son. Keep your son in your hands. You fight on. Oh, you fight on. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Somebody say, "Hallelujah." Hallelujah. Amen. Keep your sword in your hand. Amen. Not in your closet. not on a table collecting dust. Keep it in your hand. You're fighting the devil and there's only one way to defeat him. That's with the word of God. Amen. Will you stand to your feet? God bless you, Sister Shalom. Sister Tina, we really appreciate the specials. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. Lead me to the rock as we invite Brother Jack to come at this time. When my heart is overwhelmed, I'm praying. Lead me to the ground. Oh, lead me to the ground is higher than I. Oh Lord, when my heart is overwhelmed, I'm asking, "Lead me to God." Yes. Lead me to higher than I. Oh Lord, is higher than I. Oh, when my heart is overwhelmed, I'm asking lead me to God. Yes. Lead me to God. It's higher than I. Oh Lord, when my heart is over. Oh yes. Oh, say when my heart is overwhelmed, I'm praying, lead me to the rock. Oh, lead me to the rock is higher than I, oh Lord. Oh, in my heart. Oh, when I'm asking, lead me to the rock. Oh, lead me to the rock. It's higher than I. Oh Lord, it's higher than I. Come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. So good to be back in the house of God. Amen. Just turn around and greet somebody. Say, "So good to see you this morning." Amen. So good to see you this morning. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. My God. I heard one of the announcements. Um, we have a guest minister coming on, Brother Gideon, that's coming on Wednesday. Is it the 16th? Okay. Also on Sunday the 13th, Brother JZ. Brother JZ, we got two ministers coming to us from Nigeria and uh we're happy to have them come to see us. There's many places that they could go uh but they wanted to come and see Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. So, uh we thank God uh for that musicians. Thank y'all so much. Appreciate y'all. Amen. We're grateful for you. Amen. We also thank God for the specials that went forth this morning, Sister Shalom and Sister Tina. Amen. We appreciate the Lord Jesus. Uh if you could just grab your Bibles, uh we will read a um a scripture and um uh the the scripture may not seem to go well with my title, but but nonetheless, we trust the Holy Spirit to just bring this all together. Amen. Um, I'm going to the book of Luke, chapter uh 23 and starting at verse 27. Amen. Luke 23 and starting at verse 27. Amen. The scripture says, "And they followed him, and there followed him a great company of people and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him." But Jesus turning unto them, said, "Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves and for your children. Uh for behold, the days are coming in the which they shall say, "Blessed are the barren, and the wounds that never bear, and the paps which never gave suck." Uh then shall they begin to say to the mountains fall on us, and to the hills cover us. For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry? And there were also two other malfactors led with him to be put to death. And when they were come to the place which is called Calvary, uh there they crucified him and the malfactors, one on the right hand and the other on the left. Then said Jesus, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." And they parted his reignment and cast lots. And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, "He saved others. Let him save himself. If he be Christ, the chosen of God." And this is where our inspiration's coming from this verse. He saved others. Uh let him save himself if he be Christ. the chosen of God. And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him and offering him vinegar and said, "If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself." And a superscription uh also was written over him in letters of Greek and Latin and Hebrew. This is the king of the Jews. I'll just uh go a little further because this statement keep being made. Um in verse 39 it says and one of the malfactors which were hang railed on him saying if thou be Christ. Um save thyself and us. Uh but the other answering rebuked him saying not thou fear God seeing thou art in the same condemnation and we indeed justly but we receive the due reward of our deeds. But this man have done nothing a miss. Amen. And he it goes on to say and he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom. And Jesus said unto him, verily I say unto thee, today thou shalt be with me in paradise. Amen. The Lord added a blessing to the reading of his word. Uh let's just bow in a word of prayer. Father, we are grateful for the privilege to gather in the house of the Lord. And as we gather, we realize there are many that come with various needs here to the house of God. And Lord, our prayer is that you would meet every need. Uh it starts spiritually. The need has to be met spiritually first and then it flows uh through the other areas of our life. So, I pray that you'd help us to tune in and hear what the spirit is speaking to us through uh these words that have been read. Um, and God, we just ask that it would come alive and live in every heart. Father, we take control over every spirit that's against the spirit of God uh at this time and ask that you, Father, would be glorified and magnified in our midst. Thank you for everything that's happened thus far in the service. But Lord, now Lord, we come to the most important aspect and that's the word of God. So Lord, make the difference in our lives. Not just those present, but those that are listening online, those that will listen later. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Amen. Um I'm taking for a title today. Be still. Amen. Be still. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then just allow me uh for a little bit just to coast uh to get into um the uh to get into this topic. I want to read uh from the greatest battle ever fought. Now it is um uh it is a a a fact um that everybody in here is going through something. Amen. Everybody got some trial. Everybody got some test. Uh, everybody got something that they dealing with. Sometimes it's financial. Uh, sometimes it's physical. Uh, sometimes it's mental. Sometimes it's spiritual. I mean, you name it, we all got something that we dealing with. Amen. And we need God. We simply need God. We We can't do this without God. And uh the often times when you're sitting there uh depending on God to move, what God tells you to do is just be still. Be still. And and and and and so help. We we just pray the Lord will help us through this. But uh the greatest battle ever fought um the prophet makes a statement. It says, "This great first battle that was ever fought began in heaven when Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. It first started, the first battle was in heaven. So sin did not originate on earth. It originated in heaven. He says uh and then it was thrown down from heaven, cast out of heaven to the earth and fell on human beings. And he says then the battle from angels become human battles. Amen. So your battles are actually happening in a spiritual realm. And therefore you have to use uh spiritual weapons to overcome in this realm. And I want to tell you, uh, if if if if Satan can be cast out of heaven, he can also be cast out of your situation. Glory to God. You just got to know who's living on the inside of you. Amen. Praise God. He says this, then the battles from angels become human battles and Satan come to destroy God's creation. Uh, what God had created to be for himself. He had Satan come to destroy this. And that's what his purpose was was to destroy it. So that's that's the devil's purpose is to try to steal, kill, and destroy. Oh my. Hallelujah. Says, "Then the battle began here on earth and began in us and has been raging ever since." So we all been in a battle. We realize that uh you know and when we look at this this this this statement that the prophet's making here that it started in heaven but it come down to earth. We saw uh you know a battle. Oh let me uh also just mention this uh my my title is uh be still but I have a little inspiration of oneuped oneuped. All right. So, if you hear me using that a little bit, that's my little inspiration. Uh, one up. But here we we we we see a battle that started in heaven. Uh, uh, Satan, you know, uh, pulling majority of the angels to try to, you know, get on his side because he wants to get more glory than God. Um, you know, and and and and you know, this this battle that starts there is is it's cast out of heaven. It comes to earth. We find it in the Garden of Eden. God has his two uh uh I mean his man and his woman there. I mean this was God's perfect creation uh when he created Adam and uh just took that rib out of Adam's side. But now he has this this perfect condition in the Garden of Eden. But Satan comes into the Garden of Eden and his job is to destroy what God has placed there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And uh he knew he could not get Adam. So he he went straight he went straight at Eve and uh and he began to work these uh uh emotions and and all kind of other things that he started working with Eve and and look Eve didn't fall in just one day. This was a conversation that happened over time. Amen. And just days and days go by and they just keep having this conversation till they finally work her and and get something in her mind and and when she get into her mind she she she she thinks she got a better revelation than Adam. Right. She thinks she got a better revelation than Adam and and don't realize that it's the devil behind the serpent that is tricking her to do the things that she's about to do. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And and we know the scripture. We know that there was a great fall, amen, there in the garden. It was not the eating of some physical fruit, but Amen. It was uh it was adultery that took place in the garden. Eve had uh committed a sexual act with the serpent. Amen. And and and then she took this that she learned and introduced it to Adam. My God. Look like the devil's winning, my friends. It certainly look like the devil's winning with this. His job was to destroy and man he has totally interrupted everything God put because he heard God make a tell tell Adam and Eve will tell Adam and Adam had to tell Eve he say now the day to eat you eat thereof that's the day you die destruction sir Satan say oh my okay um I got Eve to do this I got Eve to also take this over here Adam now God, let's look back and see what you going to do. He thought he had God in checkmate. But in Genesis 3:15, as God is giving out all the punishments to everybody that's involved, uh, Adam gets a punishment. Uh, he's going to work from the sweat of his brow and and have to teal the the the ground and all these things. And and the serpent gets uh taken. He he he loses his his feet. Hallelujah. And he's cast on his belly. That's right. Right. And Eve has to bring forth children in hard labor. Right. But but in the midst of all of this, God makes a promise. And I like to say it like this. He oneups the devil. Hallelujah. Yes. In Genesis 3:15, he says, "And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed." And and we realize the woman does not carry seed. The woman carries an egg. Amen. It's the It's the man that carries the seed or the sperm. So, so, so, so, so, so when when when we look at this scripture and it's talking about a woman having a seed, then this could speak of no one else than the Lord Jesus Christ. Because he's the only one that was born of a woman, hallelujah, that did not require sexual intercourse, virgin born son of God. Hallelujah. I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seat. It shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel. Here uh we find that God would bruise the head of Satan through the death, the burial and the resurrection of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And uh God himself took on the flesh of man. He made us righteous through his sacrificial act on the cross and there he bruised his enemy. Right? So this battle uh that that started in heaven is now on earth. We have to understand the prophet tells us that if there's going to be a battle, then there has to be a battleground. Yes, sir. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You just can't say we're going to have a battle and have no battleground. We got to meet somewhere. Amen. Amen. To fight this thing out, we got to meet somewhere. And and God decided for the battleground. Amen. Where the prophet says the human mind was chosen for the place of the battle where it was to begin. And that is because uh decisions are made from the mind. So, so, so we we're we're all in a battle. And it's something that's there in the mind. But I'm here to tell you this morning, I don't care what battle you in, be still. Glory to God. Be still. Your mind going here and it's racing over there. You don't know which way to turn. I'm telling you what to do this morning. Be still. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Please let me coast just a little bit. The the the prophet says in the message when their eyes were open. Oh glory. Amen. Amen. And when their eyes were open, hallelujah, it says, how many read the sermon, when omnipotence speaks, miracles happen. It says, did you you believe that? Certainly. Omnipotent spoke at every junct at at at every junction. It says, "And when the church cooled off uh and then omnipotence spoke, miracles take place. And this is the junction of all junctions. This is the end time. The end of the whole history of the world is right now at hand. So you can expect I mean uh uh uh modern events are made clear by prophecy. And the prophet is telling us here that that this is the the end of the whole history of the world. And he says it's right now at hand. We we know that's nothing but the truth. He says so you can expect my God omnipotence to speak and you can expect the greatest and mightiest miracles that ever happened on the earth will happen in the next few years to come. Oh my. I want to there's a that's a prophecy. I want I want us to make sure we get that. You ain't got to be afraid of nothing, but you can be under expectation for something. And what you can expect is the greatest and mightiest miracles that's ever happened on the earth will happen in the next few years to come. Yes, sir. Boy, big things getting ready to happen. We we looking at sometimes we get our eyes on what the devil is doing, but it's time to get our eyes on what God is doing. Big things are about to happen. Amen. And let me just make it personal. Big things for me are about to happen. Great things for me are about to happen. Amen. Glory to God. He says you can expect the greatest and mightiest miracles that's ever happened on the earth will happen in the next few years to come. If Jesus terries, it will be. It says this now then watch for Satan to raise up his tooth. When all heaven turns loose, all hell turns loose too. and is prophesied that there be a Janice and a Jambas on the earth in the last days who would almost impersonate the real thing so close it'll deceive the very elect if possible. So we're looking for all of that. Amen. And and I just love this promise that when we see all hell turn loose, brother. We got to expect all heaven. Yes, sir. We got to expect all heaven. And I'm under expectation that the greatest and the mightiest miracles that ever happen will happen in the next few years. Glory to God. Let me give another one. Brother Jerry encouraged us. Amen. This week with a a quote that I want to just kind of put in. You know, I was um I was uh this sermon. Let me just say this. I I I I went back and looked at when I start doing the notes for this and it was September 2nd, 2019 that I started doing notes on this oneuped and um and you know, as I was just going throughout the week because I I I have a a little something in my heart that I want to do and I'll probably get a chance to do it next week. Just trying to get the church prepared for our meetings and, you know, the inspiration behind that. And uh I just you know just some things I want to kind of share in that that direction. I said well uh Lord I thought this week would be the week that I would do. And I'm like no for some reason that's not the direction. And uh just little things start happening throughout the week. Uh and and and as it started happening I'm like okay I think this is the way that God wants us to go. And uh so one of these things is this quote that brother Jerry sent. And then I want to read that. And then I want to I want to uh uh I'm trying to just coast. I'm trying to coast. Uh but uh something else that I want to tell you that happened this week that got me to this. Be still. So let me coast. Y'all mind? Y'all don't mind. Right. All right. Uh in this message, be certain of God. I Now remember, we're all in a battle and the battleground is our mind. We're all going through something in in our minds. But but but when you're going through and you've been pulled in every direction, sometime you don't know which way to go, the best thing you can do is be still. Be still. Be still. Be still. Amen. God God is up to something. When when you get quiet and you get still, God, you give God something to work with. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh here here in this message be certain of God. It says then remember uh if he is uh his word has to be true. It says and if he required you to meet these circumstances and you did he's obligated to take care of his word. I I like this. Right. So, um, when you are, and if any, any of you ever heard this sermon, be certain of God, you know, Brother Brandham uses this just to encourage the believers. Uh, if you ever gone through a situation, especially a trial in your life where, man, Satan just got you even questioning whether you're a Christian. Well, you know, uh, if if he loved you, then this would happen. And if he loved you, then that would happen. you done paid your tithes and you done did this and you done did that and look at you devil just just working your mind and and this is where brother Brandham says when you get into a moment like that you got to be certain of God so not not not sometime it's not being certain of you but it's being certain of God hey I know he made me a promise when he going to bring that promise to pass I can't tell you that but I do know he made me a promise and it will come to pass. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sometimes you got to look at uh look at your trial and say uh uh this came to pass. Hallelujah. This trial came to pass. That mean I'm I'mma get I'mma get through this. I'm going to get over this because this came to pass. That's right. Glory to God. You got to learn to be certain of God in and and in in these difficult situations that you face. It says then remember if if he is his word has to be true and if he required you to meet these circumstances and you did he's obligated to take care of his word. Don't back off and say oh I I'll never get healed. Oh you poor weak faith don't believe that if everything is confessed hallelujah and everything's out and you you met God's requirement faith holds right there. It says there's nothing will move it. He is and you're sure. Not he was, not he will be. He is and you're sure. Right. It says they that wait upon the Lord. My be still. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Hallelujah. I pray God will put some spiritual vitamins in you today and your strength will be renewed. They shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as of an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and shall not faint. Wait when you've met his requirements that brings your faith to a showdown. If you've met God's requirements and has been made or met and you have re you have fully considered it and you have done everything that God required you to do then your faith rests right there that he is be certain of God. He goes on to say it says you know he loves to test us. God loves this. God loves to test us. And and now you all you all know this is nothing but the truth. You think about the story of Job. I mean, it was God that suggested to Satan, have you considered that? That that let that let you know that God actually like the test. That's right. I mean, it and let me let me let me just let me just help you understand your story is an opportunity for his glory. Hallelujah. Hey, I say your story is an opportunity for his glory. So, he like doing these type of things. Amen. Just to see how we going to respond. Amen. Hallelujah. But he's what he's getting ready to do is get some glory out of what's going on here. Watch this now. Watch it. It says this. It says, "Did you know God likes he loves to he loves to see the reaction of your faith?" Did you know that God likes to see how you react when you say, "Oh Lord, I believe you. Thou art my savior. I believe that you are are the healer. I believe that you are the one who gives the Holy Spirit and the things that I'm requiring you are the God who gives that." And and then when you confess all your sins and promise God what you'll do if he'll let you get well, then because it don't happen, you run off like a coward somewhere. God can't use that. Look at this. It says there's no way for him to use you. There's no way for him to answer you because he only answers by faith. Then all of a sudden you go away and he can't answer. But real true faith stands there being sure that God is be certain that he is. Amen. And God seeks this thing to uh seeks this thing to be done to confess your sins and so forth. You've done it. Faith says that he is certain that it's going to happen. You you you you uh your request has to be granted. I hope you don't miss that. He said I hope you don't miss it. What he said that you shouldn't miss is your request has to be granted. Right. When you met all the conditions, you did everything God told you to do. Yes, sir. Ain't no I mean, you didn't live leave no stones unturned. Your request has to be granted. That's right. All right. He says, "If you're sure of God, God's sure of his word, he's only waiting to test you." This one up uh the definition of it is to have a psychological advantage over someone. And there's so many different examples, you know, of this, but I'll use um just basketball in one place. There's a um there's a game that we used to play when we played basketball and and um it was called uh uh horse and um and what it is is that you would do all these shots um you know you and you're trying to always best your opponent. So we might start with a little right-hand layup. If you right-handed, that was no problem. But if you was left-handed, that might have been an issue, right? And we go and run a a right-hand layup. And then, okay, you you did that. Now, I'm going to do a left-hand layup. And and then I'm going to do it a certain way. You got to dribble with your left hand to get there to do that left hand layup. Cuz some guys that were right-handed couldn't dribble with their left hand. And now, if you make it past that, okay, I'm going to pull you back just a little bit and we're going to just hit a a little small jump shot, right? And I'm always trying to one up and and if you miss that shot, you get the first letter H, right? Until we spell the word horse by you missing all these shots, uh, it means I won the game. So, and we just take it from one level to the next level to the next level. We're going to start with this little jump shot. I'mma take you to the foul line. Okay, you made that. Now, I'mma pull you back to the three-point line. Okay, you made that. I'mma take you to half court. Right? and and I'mma just keep moving all around the place and and until I get you to get all them letters because what you're trying to do is one up your your your opponent and you're trying to win that game. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And here here's here's what I I want you to understand that no matter what Satan brings into your life, God is always going to one up the devil. Amen. Amen. That's right. God gonna always one up him. He God will never be defeated. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I mean, here's a I want to just kind of show um this man. Amen. Uh yeah, this this this out of the maniac of Gada. And this is a a a story about this man that the devil got just in complete bondage. Uh but but he don't realize when he brought the man into bondage once this man came into the presence of Jesus. It showed that bondage was not strong enough to hold him. That's exactly right. Oh hallelujah. I don't care what you're facing this morning. Amen. God wants to one up the devil in your situation. Woo. Hallelujah. Just to show the devil he does not have that kind of power. The power of God is more powerful than the power of the devil. Amen. Look at this in Maniac of Gadair. He says, "And I see him in his work as he was tossed there in the little old sea." He says, "If one soul was in need over there and and we never had record of anyone else being helped in that land of the Gatherines but this one maniac." He says, "Poor fellow. I think of him being out there in that condition perhaps one time a good citizen a good man right he says less dramatized a moment in his character I can imagine seeing him as a fine fellow right taking care of his home and and taking care of the bills and taking care of the family but something happened to this man's mind somewhere along the way it says I can imagine seeing him as a fine fellow but the first thing you know some of the crowd come along and got him to get away from church or go away from God. Right? It says next thing you know the devil had him on the next step. He started drinking. It says one drink, one devil. Hallelujah. Just kept on backsliding and going away. It says, "And after a while, the devil drove him insane." Hallelujah. It says, "And there the man was out there. He must have been a terrible character. He lived out there in those rough places and they bind him with feeders. He was twice his strength. He could break them little old fedters and move out just like there was nothing holding him. Even the army or the officers that would would bind him up, they he just break them apart and go on. He's a real rough he's a rough rough guy. It said brother Brandham say it wasn't his human strength. Right. Right. It wasn't this man human strength that did that that got him to this condition. He said it was the devil's strength that was doing that. So that mean the devil got power but God got greater power. Amen. This I mean look at the condition of this man. He was a solid man at one point in time but got going with the wrong crowd. Stop stopped going to church. Stop getting being in fellowship. Started drinking and every time he take a drink a devil step in him. And then maybe he start smoking. Another devil step in him. And then he start lying. Another devil. I mean, this man had so many devils. The Bible say he had 2,000 demons inside of him. Now, that looked like a really rough condition. But one man like that coming into the presence of Jesus, he get oneuped. Yes, sir. That's right. That's right. Look at this. Brother Brandham goes on to say, says it wasn't his human strength. It was the devil's strength that was doing that. And the devil is powerful, but God is more powerful. Hallelujah. Amen. I mean, when you look at your kids and you see how the devil done run rough shot, God is more powerful. You just keep remembering that. And he says, "Now I thought if a man completely surrendered to the devil would have two or three times his strength, what would a man do that was that that lay so weak he can't get up or crippled so so so bad that he can't get up? What will he do when the strength and power of God comes into him? How much more strength God has than the devil has?" That's right. I love that. When we're going through, there's this scripture in Psalms 46 that is very important and and you all know I've shared it many times. This is Psalms 46 is where my daughter wrote that song, though the oceans may roar and mountains be shaken, I'm not forsaken, you are with me. Every step that I take and uh I don't have to worry because you are with me. Right. uh she gets her inspiration from Psalm 46. But there there's something that that David tells us here and I'm going just read just verse 10. It's a very short chapter, but I just want to read verse 10 11. Um this is where our title comes from. When we're going through uh earth shaking and uh I mean just everything every seem like everything going wrong. Good God Almighty. This is a time where David tells us be still. Psalms 46:10, it says this, "Be still and know that I am God." Now, here's the here's the beautiful part to me. While you still, God says in the same verse, I will be exalted. I That does not mean he going to be defeated. He's not going to be defeated in you. I will be exalted among the heathen. I will be exalted in the earth. God wants to use your story for his glory. Yes, sir. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salah. This week I was uh actually it was Friday. I was at home and was actually on the phone with my daughter and we were talking about a little something there and and uh and I say, "Hey, I got to go. I got another call coming in and um you know and typically if I'm talking to someone uh I won't just um excuse myself like that unless I feel like it's you know this this is a unique call and and and and I I need to I need to take this and when I'm looking at my call ID it says brother DJ Rudolph. So I told my I told my daughter said I got to go brother DJ calling me and I don't I he he don't call me like that so let me let me take this call. So I I I put her on you know I said I'll call you back. I didn't know how long I would be with with him. So he he he he calls me and he says brother Jack uh I know I ain't talked to you in a while but I just want to say God bless you and hi to you. And brother Jack I just want to say be still. They say, "Brother Jack, I don't know what you're going through, but I just want to tell you, be still." And I say, "Uh, I say, huh?" He started talking a little bit more and he he took me a little deep in the conversation. And DJ is a is is a real farmer by trait. I mean, by just that's that's his character. The man's a farmer. And he was telling me says it says um it says uh recently somebody given me some female chickens. And he says um it say now typically you know it's hard to get female chickens. I mean and when you get them they they cost more than the males. It says because you know the females have the ability to lay eggs, right? So so there there are things that they can do that the male can't do and and and so it's harder to get them and when you get them you got to you got to really take care of them. He says, "So he says, he says, I um they gave me these female chickens and you know when when you get the chickens, Brother Jack," he just broke it all down for me. He said, "I don't know nothing about all this." He said, "But when you get the chickens now, you just you just can't bring these female chickens and just sit them in the yard." He says, "Because they they'll try to fly away, right?" He say, they they're not used to the environment and things like that and and they're a little afraid of of what's going on. So he says, "So what I have to do is I have to clip their wings." Hallelujah. He start talking to He was preaching to me, y'all. He Brother DJ was preaching to me. And I said, "Go ahead now. Keep on talking, brother. Go ahead on." He He said, he say, he say, "You got to clip their wings." He say, "Nah, no, no." He said, he said, "Now, now like like like he said, like brother Sharm say, I'm not I'm not picking on you. I'm picking off you." Right? He he say so when I'm clipping the wings to say I'm not doing this to hurt the chicken. I'm actually doing this to help the chicken. He said because there's other things out there that want to destroy this chicken. If I let it fly that really can't fly that high and if it just get out my backyard then maybe a dog might get it or maybe a cat might get it and maybe even worse maybe a human might get it and put it in a plate. Amen. He says, "I got the chickens and I'm clipping their wings and they just jumping and they trying to get away from me." So, and and and what I what I have to tell the chicken is I kept telling the chicken, "Be still." He say, "I I just I just over and over just just be still. This is this is for your good. This this this going to help you out if you can just be still. Don't don't don't don't get flustered. Don't get frustrated. Don't try to run off here and run off there. No, no, no. Be still. See, as the farmer, I know what I'm doing. This going to be for for the chicken's betterment. If he can learn to just be still, it's going to help him out or help her out. It's not It's not going to damage. It's going to help her out. And as as believers, if we can learn that God got everything under control, all we need to do is just be still. Amen. I began to think about that and we just kept talking and fellowshipping and you know DJ said you know even Job had to be still. He said he said Moses Moses had to be still. He said them them Hebrew boys had to be still. Daniel had to be still. Every He just started going. He said he said he said he said Jesus oh my had to be still. And and and here's what I as as he was going through and I just began to process this. I said, you know, I when you when you come to that place where you're being still, God is up to something. Yes, sir. Amen. And here's the thing. I if if you if you if you get too uh too busy, you know, where you you here and you're there, you know, you you're not giving God an opportunity to work. But when you stealing and the devil can't figure out what you doing, when you begin to make the devil wonder what what you doing, why they should have acted that they should have responded this way, but they didn't respond. They they still in the presence of God and and the devil don't know where the hit getting ready to come from. But I'm telling you, God going to be exalted in your stillness. Can I say that again? God will be exalted in your stillness. As he said, Moses had to be still. It took me back to this scripture, Exodus 7. So, that that that that be still is I don't know what to do. I can't figure this out. I'm I done did everything I was supposed to do and now I'm I'm just lost. Your battery went dead. Get your next device. Be still. Be still. Don't don't don't What am I going to do now? No, I I had some backup. And you got backup. You got backup. All heaven is backing you up. God is backing you up. I mean, just calmly just get the next device. Praise the Lord. I went to um Exodus 7 and let's just read this verse and verse one says, "And the Lord said unto Moses, see I made thee a god to Pharaoh, and Aaron, thy brother shall be thy prophet." Now, this is this is these are big words. Yes, sir. I made you a god to Pharaoh. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Lord, Pharaoh is the mightiest man in uh in in not just Egypt, but the whole world at that time. This man is the greatest man. And you telling you you telling me you made me a god to Pharaoh? And and you get Moses gets words like this from God and then goes through a tremendous trial. Oh Lord have mercy. After he gets these words, let's just read it. Thou shalt speak all that I command thee. And Aaron, thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land. And I will harden Pharaoh's heart and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt. Now, notice notice what what God just said. I'm going to be the one to make this man say no. Right? I'm going to be the one to actually, you know, uh, cause this man not to even think properly. I'm going to be the one to do this to him. And and the reason I'm doing this because I want to multiply. I want to multiply. God want God want to get glory out of the story. Hallelujah. I'm going to multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt. They going to see things they never seen before. Look at this now. Next verse. But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you that I may lay my hand upon Egypt and bring forth my armies and my people, the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by my by by great judgments. And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord when I stretch forth my hand upon Egypt and bring out the children of Israel from among them. And he told that he first told Moses that you're God to Pharaoh. Now, now you're thinking of God to Pharaoh that I I'm going here with some power. Watch now. And Moses and Aaron did as the Lord commanded them. So they did. Verse seven. And Moses was four score years old and Aaron fourth score and three years old. And uh when they spake unto Pharaoh and the Lord spake unto Moses and unto Pharaoh, saying when Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, "Show a miracle for for uh for you, then you shall say um then you shall say unto Aaron, take thy rod and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent." Verse 10. And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the Lord commanded. And Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh and before his servants and it became a serpent. Hallelujah. Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorceress. Now the magicians of E uh magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantment. Now here Moses goes throws down his rod like God told him, turns into a serpent. Pharaoh look at him say, "Man, come on, bro. We've been doing this for years. Call." And he called not just not just one, but everybody. All his magicians and y'all show him what y'all what y'all do. They throw down their rods. All them become serpents. Now, if you if you ever had to be still, this was a time that you had to be sitting like, "God, you told me I was God to this man." Yeah. This man doing the same thing we doing. Yeah. But you say, "I'm God to him." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what I said. He didn't explain nothing to Moses. And let me tell you, when you going through them still moments, God ain't going to explain nothing to you either. But you got to be still and know that he is God. Hallelujah. When when Moses did everything that God told him to do, huh? And when you know you done everything God told you to do, just be still and watch God do what he said he going to do. Watch the next verse. Watch the next verse. Moses didn't do this. Moses didn't do this. Verse 12 says, "For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents, but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods." What this mean is that they came to the battle with a rod, but they left without one. Can I Can I put it this way? God know how to one up. That's right, brother. When the devil thought he I mean that look at all these snakes. God then then God knew exactly what they're going to do. I'mma swallow all of them. They won't be able to use this trick no more. Hallelujah. God will one up the devil every time. And the oneup happens when we are still. When you learn to be still, that's when the oneup you give God an opportunity. You give him something to work with. Oh my. You know, cuz cuz look, sometimes we want to do it. We want we want we want to we want to bring glory to ourselves. But that that ain't how this thing work. God want to bring glory to himself, and he's using your trial to do that. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Let me give you um that's Moses having to be still and I and I like I like I like that. I like God showed that he was not going to be outdone by Satan. Not not at all. Um DJ told me all these different ones that had to be still. And I thought about another another time where brother Brandham himself had to be still. I want to read a a little quote here and then uh I want to tell you a little story. Now, the problem is is that had my timer on it and I don't know how long I'm going to be preaching. So, let me just keep going and we'll find we'll find the Holy Spirit will let us know when to get out. Believe from the heart. This sermon, believe from the heart. Brother Random says this. Now then when Peter asks this question, behold how quick the tree witherth. Then he said to them, if thou should say to this mountain, be thou move be moved and cast into the sea. And don't doubt but believe that what you say will come to pass. And I mean recently that scripture just really rose up in me. something I was going through and and and I say I I don't care what this mountain is. I'm I'm telling the mountain to move right now in the name of Jesus. And and and after I finish speaking that, then DJ, Brother DJ calls and say, "Now, Brother Jack, I don't know what you're going through. Be still." I say, "Okay, brother DJ, you're going to hear that one again." So, uh, if if thou shalt say to this mountain, be moved and cast into the sea, don't doubt, but believe that what you say will come to pass, you'll have what you say. Now, listen, that's part of the material and in this great economy of God, this great ship that we're in, the old ship of Zion in the body of Christ. Now, to the testimony, it had it has been some time. I've watched this and now listen close now for a little teaching. There's been times in life when all when I look at the suffering and see those who were afflicted and tormented with demon powers, my heart just bleeds for them. And yet I've I've had to I've had them to call me on the telephone and uh in the meetings that clamor and move and draw and pull and it's so hard to say no to those people. And brother Brandon talk about he he just wanted to pray for everybody. remember one time he was in the prayer line. It lasted all through the night in Arkansas. I mean, just he prayed for everybody. He fell asleep in the pull pit praying for people and and God told him, "You can't do it that way. You can't do it that way. You hurt yourself trying to do it that way. Trying to meet everybody's needs. You cannot do that." Hallelujah. You need other people to help you do that. You as yourself, you cannot meet everybody's needs. Right? So here, brother Brandon was trying. He said it's he said he actually it was hard for him to say no to people. He says frankly I can't do it. He says so somebody has to do has to say it for me. I can't get to them. My how my heart just bleeds for them. He says day after day I go through the tortures of that and I wonder sometimes and then I console myself by going back to scripture seeing him going through uh that place of Bethesda and seeing all those crippled and afflicted. went over to one man and healed him lying on a pallet and walked away and left the rest. It says, "But still down in my heart," he says, "that makes me, it doesn't take away that burning." Oh, how I wish there was something that could happen. Then I noticed yonder in Portland, Oregon, when that maniac that night run to the platform to kill me. I remember there was something happened and it wasn't in the intellectuals at all. Intellectually, I would have run like the rest of the preachers did, but I didn't run. There was something. God was getting ready to display his power. One time he said, "Be still and know that I am God." So, here the prophet is in a meeting. The Lord has sent him to Portland, Oregon to preach the gospel. And as uh you know he gets there and and and and see you know as ministers we we come here and we don't we don't know what we going to run into. We we assume it's just going to be a normal service but sometimes you don't know what you're going to run into. I remember preaching that sermon invincible and I'm thinking yeah I'm going to just preach this sermon. I love it. Our church loves it. and we go up there to uh to to uh um uh Brother Fred's and while I'm preaching, all of a sudden the sister come out the back of the church right up to the front and and um and and she had lost her mind. I didn't know what what was going on. So, I just told everybody just bow your heads and let's pray, you know, and and and you bow your heads because if this spirit come out, I don't want it jumping on somebody. So, keep your head bowed, be reverent, right? And I mean, I'm I'm just preaching. I had no idea that was going to happen in the service. You know, uh, brother Brandham, you know, has this. He's there in Portland and um, and he's preaching and and while he's preaching, a fella rose up in the back. Fella looked at him and say, "I'mma break every bone in your body." Said, "What you mean, man? I'm just I'm just here to preach to God. I'mma break every bone in your you snake in the grass." It start hissing at him. You snake in the grass. you know who you think you is coming here and you know and and he just boy he was upset and and and actually he got to going uh he walked from the back all the way to the front right towards the prophet and say and brother Random say all these preachers behind them on the pull pit them preachers looked and saw what was happening I mean people that's supposed to bind devils loose devils I mean all the preachers took off running The only help brother Brandham had was police officers. They were they were not afraid to go at this guy. And brother Brandham said they said, "You want to?" He said, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't don't don't don't do them. Don't don't touch him. Just just let him be." Man kept coming closer, closer, closer, closer. Got all the way up in the prophet's face. I'm talking about he got close this like this. And you know what he did when he got this close? He spit in his face. You say, "Don't do that to me. You know how hard Do you know how hard it would be to be still? spitting brother Brandham face and I can I I wasn't there but I can just imagine the prophet just take out his look that demon in the eye because he was still not not and brother Brandham was a boxer so he he could have hit him with a one-two combo you know he had learned some things from from a six-second Smith that's right right he could have hit him with a couple combos and and that would have been I but he was a big fella right but brother Brandham said brother I can just see him just maybe wipe the spit out and then he say the Holy Spirit came over from and he said uh because you challenge the spirit of God today you're going to fall over my feet. That man say I'mma fall over your feet. And see the man had been known for beating up other preachers. That's why the preachers were running because they oh you know your your buddy from the other church over there around the corn. Well, brother Ram said, "Because you challenged the spirit of God. You didn't challenge me. You challenged the spirit of God. You're going to fall over my feet. Thus saith the Lord." Well, that man looked at him say, "Fall over your feet? I'mma show you who feet I'mma fall over." rared back, went to throw that fist before he could get anywhere near his face, down on his feet. All the preachers saw that. And see, let me tell you, this this only happened this only occurred in Brother Brandham's life simply because he had the power to be still in a moment like that. See, you're going to have to exercise some power, some self-control. You're going to have to learn how to just be still. You're going to have to learn how to hush your mouth. Yes, sir. You ain't got to say something all the time. I keep telling you, keep giving the people piece piece of your mind. You ain't going to have no more mind left to give. keep your mind because he had the power to be still. Then God had an opportunity to work and show his glory in the midst of everybody. You know, after he fell like that, the the I think the policeman said, "Oh, oh, oh, let me I got to read something there. I got to read something there." um go to the sermon um faith and then go to paragraph 13 when you get there. Just pull up that message. Faith and then go to paragraph 13. Um let me just see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let me let me read this. Let me read this part. Oh, glory. He says, "And when I looked at the man, I heard myself taken, and I don't know whether it may sound strange." It says, "Uh, just just scroll down to paragraph 13." There you go. Says, uh, but it was it was the Holy Spirit speaking. The Bible said, "Take no thought what you what you shall say. It'll be added then." And it said, "Because thou hast defied the spirit of God, tonight you will fall over my feet." He said, 'Well, I'll show you whose feet I fall over.' And he drew his great big arm back and and started to hit me like that. And I said, "Satan, come out of the man just about like that in the name of the Lord Jesus." And he had his arm back like that to strike. And it started going, "Ooh, ooh." And his eyes rolled back. He started going around and around like that and fell down till he just laid across my feet. and I couldn't move anyway. So there both uh both had made a challenge. The spirit of God and the spirit was in him. Right? See God one up the devil. Both both of them made a challenge. So then something had to happen. The audience was wanting and the fellow and the policeman said, "Is that man dead?" I said, "No sir." They asked, "Is he healed?" I said, "No, sir. He worships that spirit." He says he won't give up. He won't give it up. Oh, Lord have mercy. Some folk got spirit that they refuse to give up. They worship that spirit. That's why it stay on it for year after year after year after year. They don't want freedom from it. He worships that spirit. He won't give it up. See, but would you move him off my feet? And so when they got over there, I just turned around to the audience. I said, "As I was saying, faith is the substance of things hoped for." And a man sitting in a wheelchair just raised up. Hallelujah. And a lady on the stretcher nowhere. See, God going to get glory out the story. Yes, sir. All this happened because he was able to be still. All right. But the devil lost a lot this on this and this. He lo he lost a I mean a lost a man to a wheelchair. Another lady sick. Everybody getting healed. Good God almighty. My he said he says um uh uh uh everything he says wheelchair raised up in lady on the stretch of nowhere. Everything in in there was healed right there. And they just packed them away. And the next morning was a great big truck down the street. people singing only believe walking behind a big truck full of stretches and wheelchairs and everything said now what this is the one I want to get to you what was it the chief of that tribe of demons you don't realize sometime you going through a whole tribe of demons but the when the chief of the tribe of demons is defeated the rest of them going to run too yes sir brother we going after the chief. When you when you can be still, you going after the chief. Amen. Glory to God. My my my chief of that tribe of demons had made the challenge and lost it. You see, that's when the spirit of God struck the building and everything was healed. Amen. All because the prophet could be still. You know, I I I I got I got two more. I'm going to read this. I'm I'mma slip over to I want to talk about the Lord Jesus. Um Mark Mark 9 verse 17. Mark 9:1 17. Jesus himself had to be still. often times you just can't get all upset when things are going a different a particular way. You just just just roll with it. Amen. Be stay calm. Amen. God got everything under control. Be still and know that I'm God. Here in Mark 9:1 17, let me just read this. Um it says um and one of the multitude answered and said, "Master, I have brought unto thee my son which hath a dumb spirit. And where wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him, and he foamth and nasheth with his teeth, and pineth away. And I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out and they could not. He answer him and saith, Oh faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I suffer you? Bring him unto me. I just something about that. I mean Jesus ready to take the challenge. Bring him unto me. I I got it. And they brought him unto him. And when he saw him, straightway the spirit tear him and he fell on the ground and wallowed for foaming. Wall up foaming. Now you can see it's the devil that's upset when it comes into the presence of the Lord Jesus. When the devil know he about to lose something, he get all flustered and frustrated. You know, I I mean you you have to you have to learn that you are in control of the situation. Somebody else coming to you yelling and screaming and all. No, no, no. Don't lift your voice like that. No. Bring your voice down. See, a soft answer turns away wrath. I remember fell one time took me into the office with my boss. He He just And we sitting there in the office and and he just he did this and he did that and he shouldn't do this. He shouldn't He called us a Christian, too. And he was just going to town. My boss just sitting there listening to him. I said, "Well, you know, um this is why I did what I did." And yeah, and it was based on this. And you know, it was, you know, and I talked so so so calm, so soft. My boss just looking at me and and next thing you know, that fell, he uh came, he was up here. He came all the way down. And when he finished, he he left the office say, "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that uh that my Christian testimony didn't show in that that situation. I'm so sorry. I watched how you handled yourself. I'm sorry." sorry. And not only was he sorry, uh, he he actually found another job. And I didn't fire him. It it was just when light shows up darkness, they'll do that on their own. Look, you ain't got to work to try to get rid of people. They will leave on their own. I'mma tell you what you do. Be still. What verse am I on? Okay. 21. Um, and he asked his father, "How how long is it ago since this came unto him?" Now, you can see the way Jesus asking questions, he's very calm in this situation. He's not all, "Oh, Lord, what we going to do?" No, no, no. Just stay relaxed. Now, we getting ready to go have meetings, y'all. You don't know who going to come into them services. You don't know what their conditions going to be. People come with demons and sometimes they manifest in in in in meetings like that. You can't be what we going to do? I'mma tell you what to do. I'm Jesus going to give us an answer here, too. Start fasting and start praying. Get yourself prepared for the meetings. Glory to God. Oh, Lord have mercy. I done seen devils tell people, "You can't cast me out, you watch too much TV. Devils untold folk that you watch way too much TV, you can't cast me out. Amen. The devil put you to shame. What would the devil say to people today? What you just you was on social media that post that you just you can't cast me out. Hello, somebody. Don't let the devil embarrass you. He will. All right. Look, look at look at look at this. Um, how long is it ago since this came unto him and he said of a child and all times it cast him into the fire and into the waters to destroy him. See the devil coming to try to destroy to destroy him. But if thou can't do anything, have compassion on us and help us. I love this. Jesus said unto him, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." And straight straightway the father of the child cried out. I like his emotion because this man remind me of me, right? He said he said straightway the father of the of the child cried out and and said with tears, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." And he said it with tears. This man is really really I mean the reason I'm here Jesus is because I believe. Amen. I think you can do something about this. I tried your disciples. They couldn't get it done. But Jesus, I'm here to see you. Please, I believe God, but help my unbelief. When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, "Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, this part to get me, and enter no more into him." So this devil would come and go and come and and the father say sometime it come on him and they throw him into a fire try to kill him then to get off of them. We think we we good for a little bit. All of a sudden it show up again and now he's trying to drown him in water. We just trying to have a good family function and and he and the devil just just just just running rough shot in his life. We don't know what to do with this boy. But when when he comes in contact with Jesus, not only come out, you can't come back no more. You talk about God one up in the devil. Amen. This house is off limits. You can't do anything here anymore. Let's keep on reading what Jesus tells the disciples here. Verse 26 he says and the spirit cried and rent him a sword and came out of him and he was he was as one dead in so much that many said he is dead. Now that's what they asked the police officer asked about that that that one fella the the the maniac. No, he wasn't dead. He wasn't dead and he also wasn't delivered right because he worshiped that spirit. So he was going to go go to another church and do that until he got delivered. My God. My God. Look at this. He says uh verse 27. But Jesus took him by the hand and lifted him up and he arose. And when he was coming to the house, his disciples asked him privately, why could not we cast him out? And he said unto them, this kind can come forth by nothing but by prayer and fasting. As we approaching these meetings, I want to encourage the church. Fast and pray. Get yourself in condition because you don't know what you might run into. But I tell you, we want to an environment where the bound can be set free. When you're going through things like this, you got to learn how to be still. Another verse that uh I read earlier out of Luke 23, and we'll bring this to a close. Uh the people stood beholding and the rulers also with him derided him saying he saved others let him save himself if he be Christ the chosen of God. Now, everybody kept saying, "If he be Christ, if he be Christ," the rulers saying, "If he be Christ," uh the soldiers, they're saying, "If you really the Christ, then do this." And even the malfactor, the thief on the cross, man, if if you if you really the son of God, you know, and you done saved all these people like like we done heard, save yourself and us. Now, that man had no intention of being converted. If he would have got off that cross, he would have still been stealing. He would have he would have kept on stealing and everything else. But but like like his friend said, "Man, what you doing? This man this man ain't done nothing wrong. We done did everything that and we deserve the punishment that we getting. I only got one request. Lord, when you when you come into your kingdom, would you remember me and he got remembered?" Now, here's the thing, and I want to read a little something here. At this moment where they're they're telling Jesus, if you be the Christ, come down off the cross. It's not that he didn't have the ability to do that. He could have come down off that cross if he wanted to. But this was a moment where he had to be still because in being still something greater was about to happen. Oh my goodness. I'm glad he didn't come down because that allowed him to come up. Hallelujah. Had he come down, then he would not have been able to come up. And because he did not come down and he came up, he gives us the ability now to come up. here in in the message um blind Barnameus. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad he had self-control. I'm so glad that he was able to pray through in the garden of Gethsemane and say, "Lord, let this, you know, this if you just let this cup pass and say, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, I'll tell you what. Not my will, but thy will be done." When he can bring himself to a place like that, that's a place of being still. He says when they had him in the courtyards of the Roman courts, they put a rag around his face and took a stick and hit him on top of the head. Now they say you're a prophet. You can you can tell things what people has done and what people will do. Now tell us who hit you. We'll believe you. He could he could have done it, but he'd been minding the devil. If he would have did it, then he'd be minding the devil. He didn't do it. He just sat there. See, being still, he sat there and never opened his mouth with a rag around his face and hit him and said, "You're a prophet. Uh, tell us who hit you now and we'll believe you." That same devil lives in people today. See, he says, "Say, if you're if there's a God, a healer, if this guy's got a gift of divine healing, go down and heal this one here. Let me see it. I believe. Let me see." You know, churches put out that kind of propaganda. You just remember that's the that's the same spirit. Then priests, if thou art the son of God, come down off the cross now. Pull pull pull your pull your hands loose and come down. We'll believe you. Why he could have done that if he wanted to, you know, they paid him the greatest honor there he ever uh uh he ever uh uh played to they they ever played to him. He says Kaiaphas the high priest said he saved others himself he cannot save. That was an honor. If he saved others if he if he saved himself he could not save others. So he gave himself so he could save others. See he had to give himself so he could save us. Amen. if he saved himself. Like Billy Sunday said, one of uh his writings, one of the tech, one of his textbooks I was reading here some time ago, angels was setting in every tree saying just pull your hand off the cross and point to one of us will change this scene around here. He could have done it too, but if he would have done it, where would we be today? It says, "But he hung there with spit in his face and nails in his hands, thorns on his head and blood running down with tears mingled, dying as a malfactor because he loved us." That's right. And giving us the chance for salvation, giving us the chance to pray for the sick that and they be made well. Giving us that opportunity, he did it for us. The reason he was still is because he was thinking of you. Oh, he could have changed everything, but he didn't. He He He decided to remain still. This last quote I want to bring you from that time. I want you to see the Lord Jesus in the this time of his crucial trial in his life, but yet he remained still in the midst of it all, knowing that there was a greater purpose behind this trial. It says, could that be God? Could that be God's son going there, Jehovah made manifest in flesh, going up there with handfuls of beard pulled out of his face? Why? No one could stand that mockery spitting his face. uh mockery spitt in his face. My agent smoked him on the head and said, "Now, if you be a prophet, you got some kind of makeup work. You got some kind of hoax you put on the people. Now, if you be a real prophet, tell us who hit you and we'll believe you." Nah, he couldn't be God. Here he goes on up and when he gets up there on the cross, they nail him to the cross and the devil said, "I got him now." And while weakness began to set in from the loss of blood, what was it? The bee of death was buzzing around him, fixing to sting him. That bee of death coming around him and saying, "Oh, I doubt that. How could he be virgin born? How could God dwell like that great Jehovah God who has all power and heavens and earth? Let somebody spit in his face and and take take him on like take him on like that. He couldn't be. I'll suck the stinger into him, brother." He didn't know what he done when he put his stinger into that flesh. It took his stinger out. And when a bee once stings deeply, it loses its stinger. A honeybee insect that's that's got a stinger, when it stings, the flesh anchors and pulls the stinger out. And when death met God, oh, one up, one up, one up. Death lost its stinger. And now death has no stinger. It can't buzz and make a He says it can buzz and make a noise and say, "I'll take you. I'll kill you. I'll do this, that, or the other." But it has it has no stinger. It lost it yonder in Calvary. No wonder Paul could say when he was coming down to the end of the road. Oh death, where is your stinger? Oh grave, where is your victory? But thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. How that from that time death has no stinger for the believer. Christ took the sting of death out for the believer. There is where he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace upon him. And we declare with his stripes we're healed. Amen. From that time, Satan was stripped of everything he had. Can you imagine that? Where he's sitting there wondering, is this is this this the son of God? Oh, I got him now. He thought he had won a won a victory, but he didn't realize he lost a great war. He was stripped of everything he had. And and here here's the here's the beautiful part. I don't care what you're going through. I don't care what the devil got you got your mind playing tricks on you. The devil ain't nothing but a bluff. Hallelujah. Death is just a bluff. It has no stinger. I mean, devil lost it all, y'all. When he when he when he when he when he let this one die, this was one he probably should have kept alive. But this one, he died, he went to the devil's house and he did something so bad to the devil that nobody else could do. You know, he took his keys to his own house. Jesus got the keys of death, hell, and the grave. And and here here here I'm sorry. Oh, look at that. Let me know. That's that was that was my tongue. But he took the keys of death, hell, and the grave. And Satan ain't got keys to his own house no more. I like that. Yeah. So, if you find yourself in a prison of mind battles this morning, push the door open. The devil ain't got no keys. Push the door open cuz the devil ain't got no keys at all. There is there is something powerful about being still. It gives God an opportunity to work. If Jesus had not been still, then we would not be where we are today. Thank God for him being still. And he encourages you to do the same. Be still and know I am God. And you know what else? I will be exalted. God richly bless you, church. Hallelujah. Let us have a word of prayer. Father, we are so grateful Lord for your voice speaking to us that you're aware of everything that we face, all that we go through. And there's nothing that catches you by surprise. But as we read here earlier, the prophet say you you you love for us to have the test. Actually another statement, the greatest thing that could ever happen to the believer is for them to have a test. Sometimes we don't want it, we don't enjoy it, but God, in the midst of it, you're bringing glory to the story. So Lord, help us to be still. Help us to just to patiently wait on the Lord. David would encourage us there. Wait on the Lord. Wait, I say on the Lord. Father, when we wait, you're you're always up to something so much greater. Those Hebrew boys waited. Because they waited, they got they got a front row seat with the fourth man. Daniel waited. He couldn't do anything but God because he did. How you shut the mouth of lions and gave a a beautiful testimony out of that. Moses waited. Job waited. So many had to be still. And God, this is our turn. We're on the earth now going through the trials and we have to learn to be still. You are God. You will be exalted and we love you. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. I'll turn the service back to brother Solomon. Amen. God bless you church. God bless you. God bless you. Praise the Lord. How many appreciate that message? My God. I believe the Lord deposited a seed in our in our souls this morning. Amen. You know, uh I know Brother Capers can identify with this. When a seed is planted, it grows two ways. When it's put in the ground, it's in darkness. And that's where you are in your prayer life. You're praying before the Lord and you're doing things in secret. He promised to reward you and openly. So that's when the roots go down. That's your test and your trials. But then it also grows upward and it brings forth fruit. So in your darkest times is when you are being rooted and grounded in Christ and then he'll bring forth the fruits and your blessings come forth. So you got to be still. When you commit that seed to the ground, the seed has to be still. We all got to be still in the midst of our trials. God has something wonderful he wants to do for us all. Amen. Will you stand to your feet? Amen. Let's sing this little song together. In my life be glorified. Amen. In my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Say in my life, in my life, oh Lord, be glorifi be glorified in my life. Oh Lord be glorified Lord in this church in this church. Lord be glorified. Oh yes, this church. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, be glorified in your bride. In your bride, Lord be glorified. Be glorified. Oh, you're right. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. In my life. In my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Bless my hearts. Father, thank you for your word, Lord Jesus. I know sometimes, Lord, we get a little antsy, Lord, and try want to try to make things happen, Lord. But we only need be still, Father, that you may move in the way that you want to move, Lord. Lord, sometimes we have to get ourselves out of the way that you may have your way. So, Father, help us to be still. Check us, Lord God, when we're getting out of line, trying to do things ourselves, Lord, that we may only surrender to you. Father, thank you for the word that you have given us, Lord. Thank you for the seed that you planted in our souls, Lord, not to be anxious, Lord Jesus, but to be mindful that you are God. Father, we pray for our pastor, Lord. We thank you for using him this morning. Bless him, Lord Jesus, for the lessons learned. Thank you for allowing Brother DJ, Lord, to speak to him. We pray for our brother, Lord. Lord, he's supposed to be fellowshipping amongst us, Lord Jesus, but Satan drew him out of line, Lord, but we realize there's still a seed there for him to come and be able to be used of you, Lord, to speak to our pastor, Lord. So, we pray for brother DJ. Restore both he and his family, Lord Jesus. They belong in the house of of God, worshiping you, Lord, and feeding on your word and growing. Lord, it's going home time. The bride must make herself ready. So, Father, bring them back, Lord. Again, Father, strengthen our pastor. Bless him, Lord, for his ability to get himself out of the way and continue to bless all that he put his hands to. And Lord, bless this congregation, Lord. Father, every test, every trial, Lord, they are victorious, Lord. And Father, I pray that you'll go before them, make their way prosperous. May your blessings, Lord, rest upon each one. Bring us all back at the appointed time, Lord. And may the Holy Ghost have his way in our lives. We thank you for all things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified. in my life. Lord be open to in my heart. Lord be glorified. Be glorified.
