################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - Emotional Leakage - Bro Mark Cosby (06-25-2025) - Mark Cosby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-25
Title:    Emotional Leakage - Bro Mark Cosby (06-25-2025)
Speaker:  Mark Cosby
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvF_kRpxvBI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Lord God, we we appreciate you, Lord Jesus. Until we till we come in the house again, Lord God, we will give you praise throughout it all. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. You sing this song with me while we ask God. We'll ask brother Jack to come out. I love you Lord and your mercy never fails me. All my days held in your hands from the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. on the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life. Amen. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh yes. In all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire [Music] in darkest night. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Yes, you have. And all my life you have been so so good with everything that I am able. Oh, I will sing of your goodness. Oh God, your goodness is running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Sing it again. Hey, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Well, your goodness running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness [Music] is running after me. All my life. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, and all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, let's give him a hand of praise tonight. Blessed be his holy name. Certainly, his goodness is running after us. Amen. It will do that all the days of our life. Amen. We thank God. Uh I don't want to prolong the time, but tonight uh Brother Mark is going to come and share, Amen. a sermon with us. And I want him to have uh liberty to just speak what the Lord has placed in his heart. Uh so let's just uh continue to sing that. Amen. Let's invite brother Mark to come at this time. Your goodness is running after me. Your goodness is running after. Is running after me. Oh your goodness. Oh my life laid down. I surrender now. I give you everything because of your goodness. Yes, it is. Sing it again. Oh, your goodness. Your goodness. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you for your goodness. is running after. Oh, with my life. [Music] I am. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. God bless you tonight. Um it's good to be in the house of the Lord with my brothers and sisters. Uh want to thank our precious pastor for the opportunity. It's an honor and a privilege. Um we'll just bow in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we always count it an honor and a privilege to be in your house, Lord. Just knowing that you made this day possible, Lord, and we're here because of your grace and mercy and your goodness, Lord, as that song says. Lord, as we just open your word tonight, Lord, may you just speak to our hearts, Lord. May you just deal with us as sons and daughters. Lord, may you move me, plumb out the way, Lord, and may you have your way with your children tonight, Lord. Father, we just ask you to take prereeminence, Lord. May you just uh just touch us in such a special way tonight, Lord. We be careful to give you all the glory, honor, and praise. Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the title for tonight is emotional leakage. I know I know it's a interesting title, but so we'll uh we'll turn to 2 Samuel um 11:es 1-15. 2 Samuel 11. Very familiar scripture here um as we get to recognize it. All right. So, we'll start in verse one. So, very familiar. This is uh when David had his great sin. And it came to pass after the year was expired at the time when the kings go forth to battle that David sent Joab his servants with him and all of Israel. And they destroyed the children of Ammon and besieged Rabbath. But David tried still at Jerusalem. So, right there we see a little red flag. Um because the Bible says right there to begin that the kings would go forth into battle. But we see David stayed back. And when David stayed back, we'll see what what transpires. And and it came to pass in the evening time that David arose from off his bed and walked into the roof of the king's house. And from the roof he saw a woman washing herself. And the woman was very beautiful to look upon. And David sent an inquir of the woman. And one said, "Is not this Basheba, the daughter of Elm, the wife of Uriah the Hitittite? And David sent messengers and took her, and she came into him, and lay with her, for she was purified from her uncle in cleanliness. And she returned unto her house. And the woman conceived and sent and told David, and said, I am with child. And David sent uh to Job, saying, "Send me Uriah the highite." And Job sent Uriah to David. Uh when Ria came unto him, David demanded of him how Job did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered. Just want to stop right here. You guys take your seat, and we'll continue. But um I I just see you see David um got himself into this weird predicament and we see when that happened when he found out that uh she was with child I I I guarantee you his heart dropped his countenance changed and now he was trying to find a way out. Um, but we see this whole this whole uh situation that it could have went a different way if he would have did the right thing and just confessed. But we keep on going. And David said to Uriah, "Go to thy house and wash thy feet." And Uriah departed out of the king's house. And there follow him a mess of meat for the king. So David was trying to set Uriah up to as if he it was his child. Right. But Uriah slept at the floor of the king's house with all the servants of his lord and went not down to his house. I I just love I love Ri Uriah in this in in the Bible because he was a faithful man to Israel, a faithful man to God. He wanted to fight for his lord, for his his his country, right? And when they had told David, saying, "You went not down into his house." David said, "Yeah, camest thou not from that journey? Why then dust thou not go down into thy house?" And Uriah said unto David, "The ark in Israel and Judah abide in tents, and my lord Joab and the servants of my lord are encamped in the open field. Shall I then go into my house to eat, to drink, and to lie with my wife? Thou livest as thou so liveth, I will do this thing." And David said to Uriah, "Try here today also, and tomorrow I will let th thee depart." So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day and tomorrow. And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him, and made him drunk. And we'll jump to 14. in the so he even tried to he tried to get your eye to get drunk to go in onto his wife. So you just see that um when you overstep a boundary like that when you step into a lie you're going to keep feeding the lie and keep going and keep going. And the thing was if David would have just fessed up instead of trying to cover up anytime you try to cover up uh I'm not saying a situation like this but anything in our life we try to cover up we know we should make it right. you're gonna have the risk running the risk of doing something similar like David has done because you have to keep on living with that lie, living with that lie because you don't want anybody to know what you did. And so let's keep it going. And um and David went this look how far David went cuz we this is a man after God's own heart. David didn't really want to do this, but he was just caught up at the wrong time, wrong situation, the wrong place. And the devil can get us in situations where we're caught up and we're doing things or something we wouldn't ever think of doing. Right? So, uh, and he wrote the letter saying, "Set ye in the forefront of the honest battle and retire ye from him that he may be smitten and die." So, even this, check this out, that he literally gave Uriah, this how faithful Uriah is. He didn't even look at the note. He literally had his death sentence in his hand, right? Gave it to the commander. Yeah. and he and he was killed not too long after that. And so we're going to see what this does to David's kingdom. And we'll go to second let's go to 2 Samuel 5 11-13. Just trying to lay a little foundation. And so we'll go to verse 11 of uh chapter 5 of 2 Samuel. And here king of the Tyrie sent me to David and cedar trees and carpenters and masons. And they built a house. And David perceived that the Lord had established him king over Israel, that he exalted his kingdom from his people, Israel's sake. And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem after he was come from Herban. And there was yet sons and daughters born to David. So the reason why I put that scripture there is I wanted us to point out that David had a issue with women, right? Because he said concubines and wives, multiple wives. And so we may not have that issue today, but we want to see what this uh this situation he had that actually was carried over unto his son Solomon. And so that's why the title is emotional leakage because you don't realize things that you go through um bad relationship situations uh upbringing can be carried and poured in to your children or to your friends to your colleagues and and those type of things. Sometimes you don't notice because you've been in the environment so long it's just become a part of you and not even realize. And sometimes it has even come out until you're put under pressure. And that's the dangerous part is when you're put under pressure that's that's when it really comes out. And and I can testify when I was growing up I was put in a lot of uh interesting situations with my family. uh this in high school, middle school, you be sleeping at night, you hear a full-blown argument, just things of that nature that I could tell you days and days about. But what I noticed is when I went through those things that it impacted me more than I realized and it didn't come out when I was a kid, but when I got into relationships or friends, things when I was put under pressure, arguments would happen. And I would see that I was mirroring my parents of what I saw. And that's how when you're raising kids, you have to be careful the things that your kids see because kids are like sponges and whatever they see, they will exhibit. And my brother the same way. I I think I might have mentioned this before, but I remember his um his his previous girlfriend he had a baby with that they they were I saw him arguing and it looked just like my parents. It was scary. I looked I was like, "Wow." And I was even a Christian at that moment. But I'll never forget that because they did the same exact thing my parents would do. It'd be something petty. They would argue, scream, cuss, whatever it is. And I I just saw that. I was like, "Wow." As I said to myself, I don't want that for my life. And then I saw when I was in my 20s, it was come out at certain instances when I was put under pressure. Yes, sir. And so that's why emotional leakage is dangerous. Um because if you're not careful, just like with David, it got carried on to him and to Solomon. And we we'll read in um let's go to um First Kings 11 and read verses 1-4. So now look how bad it got because uh of something that David didn't overcome or didn't realize he had to overcome. So let's go to um verse we read this is four verses 1-4. But King Solomon loved many strange women. Now, now God actually warned Solomon not to take any strange women. He he actually warned him for a reason. And he says, uh, together with the daughters of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Zenonites, and the Hittites, of the nations concerning, uh, which the Lord said unto the children of Israel, you shall not go into them, neither shall you come in unto them, for surely they will turn away your heart from the their from their after their gods. Saul enclave unto these in love, and check this out. And he had 700 wives, princes, and 300 concubines. And wives turned away his heart. Now, what man would you need 700 wives? That that's just asking for danger. And 300 concubines. So that's over a thousand women you have in your presence. And then now the the worst part is he wanted more. He went to strange women. So we just see how it just carried over from generation to Solomon. And we see his downfall was that. And actually now tonight we're not going to be talking about just that, but we're going to a little more deeper today. So let's get a little more deeper. So I'm sure Solomon heard the story of what happened to his mom and dad. People talk. Yeah. There's a lot of people in the kingdom. People talk. They got loose lips. So I'm pretty sure that uh Solomon heard these things. And we we see that it actually impacted him negatively because we see when he was an adult, he had wife after wife after wife after wife and eventually he actually uh actually a woman uh women actually turned his heart to serve God, to serve other gods and idol worship. And that wasn't his intention because he he was he was hot for God. Even when when he prayed, he said, "Lord, I just want wisdom to deal with your people." right? He he didn't want no riches or none of those things. So, we see why it's so important what the the prophet said that there's three things that can hurt a hurt a minister or even even a man's life is popularity, women, and I forgot the third one and money. And so, we see what happened to Solomon. He fell in the category of the women. Yeah. Because no man should have that many wives. And you think David should have been happy with his with the wives that he had that he didn't need to have another one because he actually went and married her after uh after he after after she got he got her husband got killed and to get married and the baby passed away. It was a lot of things. Then we see the the the spirit that was released. So you guys see the the act that he did the lying the adultery that that spirit was released into his kingdom that it actually destroyed the kingdom where his son actually uh was trying to kill him and and David had to run away and we see if you look if you look through after the after the moment he did that look what happened in the kingdom look the spirits yes because yes the yes God forgave him but now you have to you have to pay the consequence right because yeah you can ask for forgiveness and all these things. But sometimes we have to pay the consequence, especially when we know better. Now, it's a difference when you don't know better. But when you know better, then God is going to hold you more accountable for it. So now, now we know that um SA's even worse. And we see Solomon's downfall was similar to his father having woman problem woman problem. So we see that Solomon should have taken this more seriously. So the thing is if you know you have emotional if you know that you had a rough upbringing bad friends then you we need to take this more seriously because there's a a higher likelihood that you would exhibit the same thing that you saw. Same thing with like an alcoholic. Let's say your parents was an alcoholic or a womanizer. You have to be careful because that same spirit can be passed on because it wasn't broken in the previous generation. generational curses and spirits are real things. They're real things. And I can testify to that because I had issues in my life uh w with with arguing in certain situations. And I can I can get into a lot of details, but I'm not going to get into so much detail. So, let's go right to the word of God. So, now we're going to talk about another Bible characters. Let's talk about Abraham, uh Jacob, and Isaac. So, we'll go to uh I didn't put this in the notes, I'm sorry. Genesis 12:es 10 through13. So I really want to just uh point the emphasis of how important it is to make sure that what we're showing our children, our friends that we want to show them a a a good example to look after. So verse 10, and there was a famine in the land, and Abraham went down into Egypt to Shorejon. Therefore, the famine was grievous in the land. And it came to pass when he's come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarah his wife, "Behold now, I know that I a fair woman to look upon. Therefore, it shall come to pass when the Egyptians shall see thee that they shall say, "This is his wife, and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive." So now, if Abraham would have thought about this, that his purpose was his protection, that he wouldn't have to lie, right? Because if God promised that there's going to be seed through you, then he has to preserve your life. Right? No matter how fair Sarah's look upon, God will not let anybody touch his wife. Because that seed has to come through Sarah. So God will not let that seed be defiled. So he said, "Say, I pray thee, thou my sister, that may be well with me for thy sake, and thou shalt live because of thee." Let's go to Genesis 20 now. We'll see what what his son does now. Isaac. Me one second. Okay. Oh, actually, I'm sorry. Let's go to Genesis 20. So actually Abraham actually lied again. I forgot about that. So let's go to Genesis 20:es 2-6. And Abra said and Abraham said of Sarah's wife. So you think that Abraham would have learned his lesson that that God brought him out. The mistake that he made, God brought him out, right? And but yet he got in the same predicament. That's right. And Abraham said unto Sarah his wife, she is my sister. Amblelet king of Gar sent and took Sarah. But God came to him became by night and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man. And for the woman which thou hast taken, for she is a man's wife. But Aimc had not come near her. And he said, Lord, without slay also a righteous nation. Said he unto him, she is my sister, and she even herself said, he is my brother, and integrity of my heart, and inency innocency of my hands have I done this. And God said in him a dream, yay, I know that thou didest in integrity of thy heart. For I also withhold held thee from sinning against me. Therefore suffered I thee not to touch it. So now let's go to Genesis 26. We're going to see what Isaac did now. So, we did see the importance. Something maybe we think that's so little and minute, but it was yet carried over to another generation. And the men of the place asked him of his wife and said, "She is my sister." Look, this looks familiar. For he feared to say, "She is my wife, lest said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebecca, because she was fair to look upon." And it came to pass when he had been there a long time that Aimilec the king of the Philistines looked out the window and saw and behold Isaac was sporting Rebecca his wife. So that lie that he told is really a lie now because they they they they see that he lied right to his man's face. And Amlch said, "Which is this thou done unto us? One of the people might lightly have lined us with thy wife. Thou should us have brought guiltness upon us." So that one lie, let's say if they would have tried to do something with his wife, they would have been probably struck down dead just because of one little lie. So one little lie cannot only impact you but impact those around you. So that's why it's so important to be careful the things that you're doing because not only you're going to suffer, but your family around you is going to suffer. Amen. So, so especially when when you're married, have kids, it's not about us anymore, but it's about your whole family. Cuz one little thing can not only impact you, but impact them and their future as well. And then we'll go to um let's go to Genesis chapter 27 and we'll look at Jacob. Even Jacob's name was a liar and a deceiver. So, we see three generations, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. That's why emotional leakage is so important to uh the the Lord needs to give you deliverance from it because if not it's going to be carried on to generation your kids their kids their kids and he said came unto his father said my father he said here am I who art thou my son and Jacob said unto his father I am Esau thy firstborn knowing he's not his firstborn I have done according as thou badeest me I pray thee sit and eat out of venison that thy soul may bless thee And Isaac said unto his son, "How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son?" He said, "Look at this." Because the Lord thy God brought it to me. Another lie. Wow. He He said, "The Lord did this." And the Lord didn't do nothing like that. So this is dangerous right there. And Isaac said unto Jacob, "Come near, I pray thee, that I may fill thee, my son, whether thou be my very son, Esau," or not. So his mom is actually in with this. She actually told him to do this, and he went along with it. They literally put like fur on his hands. They glue fur to his hands. She made a goat with venison just like he likes. So this lie is like going and going and going and tricked literally tricked his poor blind dad. His dad can't even see right now. And then Esau comes in and saying what happened. And then Esau was robbed of the blessing. And so the thing is sometimes we try to do God's job and they didn't need to do that cuz God already knew that he loved Jacob and hated Esau. He didn't even have to even lie to take the the um the uh the birthright away. God was going to give it to him already because he loved Jacob. So sometimes um we meddle in things. Say look at Sarah. She did the same thing and we see his wife, she did the same thing. Look at I didn't even see like that. But we see once again emotional leakage comes right there to the wife to the wife to the dad to the dad and to the grandson just like that. And that's why we got to be careful with these things because spirits go over. They travel because when you have a lion spirit, it's a spirit. It travels. Same thing with emotional leakage. It's a spirit. It travels. It comes from some sort of hurt. So let's keep it going, right? Yes, we'll go to um let's go to a quote. Things that are to be. Well, that's the way with sin. When you kill sin, so one thing we have to do is you have to kill these things because if you don't kill it at the root, then it's going to keep coming back. If an animal's biting, you don't just cut his tail off, you cut the head off. So the same thing with sin, you got to cut the sin off so it it dies right there. You got to say, "This is where it stops at, Satan. You were you are not going to any more generations. I am stopping it right here through the mighty name of Jesus Christ. When he died on the cross, he died for everything. Not one thing, but everything. Amen. All sin can be eradicated in the presence of God. You will kill every attribute that follows it. So, so it may not be that you've sinned, but the weakness of your parents and your parents' parents. Sin is hereditary. Hear that. The prophet said sin is hereditary. He said, I mean, sickness is hereditary in many cases, too. Each generation gets weaker and wiser as the scripture says. And so therefore you have to deal with sickness and sin on the same basis as atonement. So he said wow he said I mean sickness is heritary in many cases too. So sickness and sin go hand in hand. Let's go to another uh another one. And you know even that that your parents done now people think that isn't visit from generation to generation but it is over in the book of Hebrews I believe about the seventh chapter speaking Paul there writes I believe it was was speaking on a great event that taken place with Abraham that he paid tithe to Melzdc when he was returning from the slaughter of the king. Now he said that Levi was in the loins of Abraham when he met Melzdc coming from the slaughter of kings. And when he reckoned that Levi paid tithe when he was in the loins of Abraham, his great-grandfather, he visits the sins of the people upon their children from generation to generation. That won't keep his word. Think about that. And we'll go to one more quote. Well, that's the way with sin. When you kill sin, you kill every attribute that follows it. So we'll stop right there because you read that already. So now I want to so I looked at the definition of emot emotional leakage. I was just curious what what what it said about it. So it said the unintended expression of eternal internal feelings. So there's been some sort of hurt that's been inside of you that uh it could be through emotional trauma. It could be through mom and dad. It could be through brother. It could be through past relationships. It's a numerous amounts of things that what emotional leakage can come from. So it's often through nonverbal cues when someone is trying to conceal or manage their emotions. And a lot of times they can't manage it. So when pressure comes out, arguments happen. I heard many times my parents argue back and forth be the stu stupidest thing, a dish in the sink or something and it'll be yelling and screaming. And you got to look back that that comes from something that they saw when they were growing up and something that they couldn't overcome from their parents or from their past relationships. And so I I didn't see this uh until we had a Sunday school lesson one time and it was mentioned and I thought about that. I was like, "Wow." And I really thought about I was like, "So the reason why my parents were doing these things because some hurt that they had that they never overcame and still today they still have the same issue. Say they'll literally like a heated argument won't talk for weeks and weeks, sometimes months, and then all of a sudden they make up and then the same thing happens over and over again. And it's like an endless cycle that that it never gets broken. Endless cycle. Endless cycle. And And I saw that and I was like, I don't want that for I didn't I told myself I don't want that for my life. And I'm so thankful that this is me that that I didn't get married in my 20s. Now this is me. Now don't don't say brother Mark said this. Yeah. I have to do this. No, no, no. I'm so thankful I didn't get married in my 20s because I the Lord had to show me I had a lot of baggage in my life from what I saw in my upbringing. and and God had to uh help me overcome and still help me overcome these things to this day. So you think something as little as that, but no, your parents are the biggest influence you have and you are going to mirror image what you see. Right. And so it's so important if if if you know there's uh if you know there's past hurt and there's issues in your family, you have to overcome those things for your kids because you don't want to pass those things on to your kids cuz they going to pass it to their kids and they grandkids. Amen. True. All right. Now, here's another definition. Um unintentional. It's not a conscious effort to display these emotions, but rather a failure of self-control. You don't even know they're in there sometimes. That's how bad there is. How bad it is. also nonverbal. It often manifests through body language, facial expressions, tone of voice and other non uh verbal cues. Some examples is emotional leakage can manifest a susceptible change in facial expressions. Also shifts in posture, variation and in tone of voice. Consequences. These leaked emotions can mis can be misrepresented or even noticed by others potentially leading to misunderstanding or discomfort. Now, causes emotional leakage is often a result of a trying to suppress emotions or it can stem from a lack of awareness of one's own body language and emotional expression. So, these things come out and sometimes you're so caught up in the moment you realize what you said. That's right. So, now let's keep it going. So, it it also potentially revealing it can expose hidden emotions or attention. Sometimes you'll lash out and you don't even know why you lashed out. It's because there's past hurt that you haven't made, you haven't uh forgiven. You haven't made forgiveness yet. Like those threeing words, I forgive you. Sometimes we need to use those freeing words because our our parents didn't do that purposely to us or or they they didn't let us see certain things purposely, but they were hurt and they didn't know how to handle it. They didn't know how to overcome it. So, they did the best thing that they they could do is argue. That's all they knew. So, that's the best thing that they could do. Wow. So now emotional leakage is dangerous like we said before it extends from damage some sort of damage that you could have received from upbringing friends and it could be caused from various amounts of things. So a lot of times psychologists can point these things out to you but they can't give you solution how to how to solve it. They can say oh do this and do that but those things only suppress it right because the only person who can give you overcoming victory is Jesus Christ. That's why I'm not a big fan of of of worldly counselors because they they they'll give you pills, do this and do that, but those things aren't going to solve the problem. Eventually going to something's going to happen and a blowup's going to happen. Most most times emotional leakage is actually never fully overcome because so I give you this. We see David was a man after God's own heart and he still had testimony after testimony, but he still had this underlying issue that he never dealt with. And so the same thing is you can this issue you can never overcome and you actually transmit it to your kids because you you didn't take it serious enough. You thought that oh I'm I'm going to be better than my parents. I'm going to say this and this. But I did the same thing and I was still exhibit. I told my I'm not going to be like my parents and I I was like my parents even even I made a promise to myself because it takes the Lord. The Lord has to help you back that promise up. See the only the words the words L the the the Lord's word is going to back that promise up because how many we made promises in our past and we couldn't fulfill it. Uh we're human beings we try we try our best but things come up situations come up and and vice versa. So the thing is um when we hold on to this emotional leakage it's then poured into our children and our children's children our children's children. And so the thing is we have to be careful. I know we got new parents here. Um, one thing the devil is going to do is the devil hates to see uh a united family in Christ. He hates it because he knows that he is powerless. So what the devil will do is he will try to he'll send anything he can a little uh disagreement, a little spat cuz he wants to get a negative reaction. He wants the arguing to happen. He he he wants yelling to happen so he can cause um discord. And so the thing is if you look what the enemy is doing in this day and age is he is trying to separate the family. He wants both parents to work. He wants the parents to spend less time with the kids. He wants tablets, social media, whatever it is, Tik Tok, Instagram. He wants them uh he wants their minds to be um to to to be uh uh formed and I can't think of a word. He he wants their mind to be uh consumed. Thank you. He wants our their mind to be consumed with all these things. And then when he when he takes the coordinate of a family and breaks it apart, that's when those things come out easily. So that's why it's so important that we have to be sober and vigilant because the enemy is constantly trying to destroy our families. And so that's why you have to fight for unity in a family cuz the devil is not going to let you keep it because he hates it. because he's powerless against you because of that. And so that's why we got to fight for our children because our children need to see good examples. Because good examples after good examples as leadership and others can see that marriage, see the whatever it is, friendships, whatever it is, and see what ah what a marriage should be or what a friendship should be. So our children have enough to overcome already in this dark age. We don't need to give them anything extra unnecessary to overcome. They don't need extra unnecessary things to overcome because we didn't deal with our past hurt because the devil was already attacking full force at our youth. We don't need to give them anything else to have to to have to unnecessarily overcome. That's the truth. Let's keep it going. We'll go to um let's go to Proverbs uh 21. Proverbs 18:21. So, I'm going to read this last statement. A lot of times you you won't know there's emotional leakage or damage there until you're put under pressure or you might not recognize them at all because of all the emotional damage. Sometimes you become so numb to it. Sometimes you become so defeated thinking that you'll never overcome this that I'm going to be just like my parents in this aspect. And so thing is you can't have a defeated mentality. You got to be desperate and hungry and say Lord I do not want my life to be like this anymore. Enough's enough. The buck stops here. here and you got to you got to just move forward like that. So, Proverbs 18:21. So, now this is another we're going to jump to another uh channel. So, death and life are in the power of the tongue and they that love it shall eat the fruit of it thereof. So, now check. So, what you say has has a power to destroy or build somebody, a friend, your children. So, be careful on the words that you say to your kids. My dad said some things to me that that I didn't know, but it broke me. And I didn't My my mom, my stepmom, some things they said to me that it broke me. It hurt me emotionally. I didn't even realize it. So now let's go to James 3 1-13. So we're going to talk about the tongue today. My brethren, be not many masters, knowing what shall we receive the greater condemnation. So this is James 3:es 1 through uh 15, I believe. 18. We're going to leave uh read for many things we offend all if any man offend not in word the same as a perfect man. So we can offend somebody with our word and not even know it. So it says if any man offend not in word the same as perfect man and enable also to brittle the whole body. So I looked that word up brittle. is a restraint, a curb, a check to restrain, guide or govern to check to curb or control as the brittle the passions to brittle amuse. So check this out. But we but behold we put bits in hors's mouth that they may obey us and we turn about their whole body. Now horse is a strong creature as you know horse can weigh th,000 pounds. They are strong creatures. That's why even the cars are named horsepower for a reason. Look, it says, "Behold also the ships which they they though they be great are driven by fierce winds, yet they're turned by a very small helm, whatsoever they govern or listen." So, I like how he how um the writer Paul or um James puts this because he said, "We can control this, we can control this, we can control fish of the sea, animals of the sea, ships of the sea." But yet he said, "Our tongue, even so the tongue is a little member, it boasteth great things. Behold, how great a a matter a little fire kindleth." So I look back in my life how a little itsybitsy tiny situation escalated in my household to yelling and screaming, something so little. shows you that if you don't know how to properly control the tongue, you're going to say things that you wish you could that you wouldn't have said because words hurt. You can't take words back. You can ask for forgiveness, but now you giving the devil ammunition to bring it back up to that person and say, "Oh yeah, he said this. He might say it again like that." And so now you're giving that person something else that they have to overcome because you let you let your mouth slip. So it's so important. I know we make mistakes. Yes, we make mistakes, but don't make the same mistake over and over and over and over again. Let's go to verse six. And the tongue is a fire. I love I love the illustration. A world of iniquity. So is the tongue among our members that it defileth the whole body and setth on fire the course of nature and is set on fire of hell. So I want you to look at this. Even though James is saying all these things, he's not giving you an excuse. Yeah, your tongue is this. But look what he says below after we we keep going. For every kind of beast and birds of serpents and of things in the sea is tamed and hath been tamed of mankind. But the tongue can no man tame. It is unruly evil, full of deadly poison. Verse nine, therewith we bless with we God, even the father, there we curse we men, which are made after the smilitude of God. Let's go to word smilitude. So it's likeness, resemblance, likeness in nature, qualities of appearance as smilitude of substance. Let us make man our own image, man our smile. So God did not make us in his image for us to hurt people with our tongue. He did not make us so we would hurt our friends, our children, our colleagues with our tongue. God because if you look at this, when God disciplines us, does he yell and scream at us? No, he comes with love. Love is corrective. Love may hurt, but it's I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's keep reading. Let's Let's keep going. Let's keep it going. All right. Let's go to um verse 10. Out of the mouth, out of the same mouth proceed blessings and cursings, my brother. Look what he says right here. These things ought not so to be. Amen. So he understands you may have been through emotional leakage, emotional damage, bad upbringings, but it still shouldn't be not so. God has given too much for us to be in a state. The what the devil does, like brother Jack, he was preaching on Jubilee, we're in a prison and the door is unlocked. All we have to do is walk out. So sometimes we just get trapped in our mind so much that we just put oursel in this world where we think that we'll never be able to overcome this. I'm going to be like this for the rest of my life. But you don't have God did not die so you can be like this for the rest of your life. He He wants to make you a new creature in Christ. He wants to He wants to put more of himself in you. So when when situations happen where where the devil comes in to try to make an argument, a soft answer turneth away wrath. See, a lot of times we want to fight fire with fire. And we can't fight fire with fire. The world teaches us if somebody yells at you, you yell back. No. A soft answer turneth away wrath. He used the word in the situation. So does not a fountain send forth at the same place as sweet water and bitter water? Can a fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries, either a vine or figs? So can no fountain both y be old salt water and fresh water? Verse 13. Who is a wise man endued with knowledge among you? Let him show out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom. But if you have bittering and envying and strife in your hearts, glory not and lie not against the truth. Envying, feeling uneasiness of superior condition, and happiness of another that can stem from also emotional leakage, strife, contention, and anger or immity, contest, struggle for victory. So, a person is trying to get victory. I remember brother Smiley mentioned this. A lot of times when people yell and argue, they want to be heard the loudest. And when you're heard the loudest, not only you hear it, but those around you hear it as well. Because thing is, you don't want to tr you don't have to prove that you're right. I'm right, you're wrong. Don't have to say it that way. Cuz look at Jesus. He never went across that way. He said, he didn't say, "Phares, I'm wrong and you're right." He never went across that. In fact, he went a totally different way. He used love cuz he didn't want to see the Pharisees the Pharisees uh perish. He never did. He did all he could to try to bring them in. Even brother Brandham said you draw a bigger circle. And so that's a lot of times um when I'm learning, you know, uh I've been learning over the last couple years, especially I love being here at spirit and truth just helped to recognize certain things in my life I need to work on. Um because I I had an upbringing of that whoever yells the loudest that literally yells the loudest and and both get louder and louder and louder and louder and louder. You're just like, "Oh my goodness, is the police are the police going to be called now?" And we had instances at my house where the police were called cuz who who wanted to be the loudest? Wow. So let's keep it going. So verse 15. So this wisdom. So now when you use your tongue the wrong way doesn't come from above. Is earthly is sensual. It's devilish. So when we arguing and screaming and saying you this and you that is not from above that's from the devil. Not trying to be rude but it's not from God. Cuz God does not yell to see who's the loudest. He does he doesn't name call. He doesn't say you this and you that. He don't say that. He does not. So for where envy and strife is, there's confusion. And when you have things like that in the household, it brings confusion to your kids. It brings so much confusion. They didn't want they want mom and dad just to be together. That's what I wanted in my household. I want mom and dad to be together cuz they could have been a lot stronger together than separate. And that's what I wish I I wish they would have taken their walk with the Lord serious. But the thing is, you don't choose where you're born. Exactly. That's okay. I'm thankful for the family that God gave me because I learned a lot. They did the best that they could. And I'm thankful. I wouldn't I don't want another family. I'm thankful for my family that I have. Amen. Let's go to verse 17. So right here, this is what we want to think about. When when the devil tries to come in and bring division and discord, you want to think about this. But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peace, peaceable, gentle, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits without partiality and without hypocrisy. So when you when also too when you teaching your kids, you will also when you're correcting them, you want to make sure it's like that because you could say something that's correct, but say it in the wrong tone or the wrong way and actually damage the kid more. Even though even though they should be disciplined, but you have to go about it a different way. I remember my former pastor, I spent a lot of time with him and I seen him put a lot of pressure, but I never seen him yell, not one time. I see his kids get a little angry with him and he just handled it cool, calm and collect. I'm just like, "Wow." His wife got a little mad and he just handled it cool. He just changed the atmosphere. Wow. And he had his own business work lot lots of like like I don't know maybe five or maybe five to 10 employees and I remember one time our church the church got flooded because a pipe burst in the winter time and I got there to help and you just see him he was just cool calm and collect like let's get this done. Let's do this. He was just cool calm and collect. So I spent a lot of time with him and it helped me just so I I told him Lord I want to be a dad like that because all maybe all his kids aren't serving the Lord but they have respect. He never yelled at him but I think he asked um brother Billy Paul one time how does your dad discipline you? He said a lot of times when they're little he would like sit them down on the couch and calm their spirits and then he wouldn't yell at them. He wouldn't scream at them. But the thing is, when you're disciplining a kid, you don't have to yell and scream at them. You don't have to yell and scream at them. You don't you don't have to yell, "Ah, you this, you this, you that." No, no. The There's a way that you can do it because you look I always type things to the Bible. Look how God disciplined discipline others. He didn't yell and scream. He used the word. He made us say some bold things, but the things that he said, it got the person to think about it. Yeah. Peace, a peaceful way. It was easy to be entreated. It was gentle. So, let's go to the pure. Let's go to the We're going we going to break these down. So, the definition of pure is separated from all or extraneuous matter. Clear from mixture as pure water, pure clay, pure sand, pure air, pure silver of gold, pure wine is very scarce. It's genuine. It's real. It's true. It's incorrupt. unadulterated as p pure religion, peaceable, free from war. So when we're having, we should not have war in the home. Only war we should have is with the devil to kick him out. That's the only war we should be having because a lot of times we have war in the home. And I'm not I'm not saying what goes on in the home, but I know there was war in my home all all the time. And I was I was scared sometimes. I'm like, man, they are they going to fist fight? Literally, I was like scared sometimes. I'm like, man, they going they going to really fight. So we live in peaceable times. The reformation was introduced in a peaceful manner. So another definition of it. So gentle. So gentle we see in here mild, meek, soft, bland, not rough, harsh or severe as gentle nature, tempered or disposition. A gentle manner, a gentle address, a gentle voice. Now, I'm not saying we got to be all like gentle like this, but your kids got to respect you. They got to. But you don't have to yell and scream to get their respect. You don't have to yell and scream to get their respect. Not causing labor or difficulty and easy ads or slope is slope rising up a small angle. So, another definition is smooth, not uneven, not rough or very hilly that may be travel with ease. And then gentle, moderate, not pressing as a ship under easy sail. In verse 18, and the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace. So if you sense because the thing is the devil's going to come and he may put a the husband and wife might say something in the heat of the moment and now it's up to you. You have two options. You can you can give that fire back or you can put it out with water which is the word. You have two decisions cuz a lot of times we want to react on our first action. Hey, if you have to maybe walk away or go into another room for a little bit because you don't want to say something, do that. I rather have you do that than you just fire full back force at that person and it causes a back and forth back and forth cuz the devil wants back and forth because the more back and forth it is, he can get in there more. So, we we don't want to get the devil any room to do anything. So, like you said before, your words, we have I have one more minute left. I'll finish. I I'll wrap I'll wrap it up. So your words have the power to destroy or build someone. One bad word or words can consistently can damage the person internally for years. One bad word or words can can damage that person for years to come. Remember you can't take words back. We have to be careful what we let we let come out of our mouth. Don't give the devil any any ammunition. The devil is constantly trying to destroy the family dynamic. He wants to bring division. I go to Matthew 12:25 and then we'll we'll we'll close after one more quote we'll close. And Jesus knew their thoughts and said unto them, "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation. And every city or house divided against itself shall not stand." So unity is so key in the kingdom of God. If you want if you want the if you want to be the way God wants a marriage to be a relationship to be division will not you can't do it. You have to have unity. Unity. Unity. Unity. God is looking for unity. The devil knows and sees as your kids get older he's going. See what the thing is a lot of times if the kids are young the devil isn't going to come in as much. But when he sees the kids get older and they can start seeing and recognizing things that when he try he tries to come in. So that's why you have to be careful and be sober and vigilant. So the thing is the devil knows if there's unity then he will be defeated. He's scared for a family to be in the unity of the Lord. He is scared. Uh he is scared like he he he he is cowering just thinking of you being in unity with God. He is so he's doing everything he can to get you out of unity. And so let's read a uh one more quote. So I like this quote here. I know it's we're going to look at this quote in a different light. Uh so love one another above everything. Love one another. Don't no matter what the devil tries to say. Now brother Brandham is talking about uh the brand I'm talking about being unity. But I want to type this to the household being in unity. So love one another. Don't no matter what the devil tries to say. Now you're all one great sweet group. But remember my warning. See, Satan won't let that stay that way. No sir. He'll shoot everything. If he has to bring somebody in to make his target, he'll bring some critic or some believer in and sit him down and cause him to fellowship with you under the quietness and things. Then he'll shoot that guy with some poison dart and he'll start through the church with it. Don't you take sides with it. Mom and dad, don't take sides. The only side you want to take is the Lord's side. Amen. Because when you take sides, that's when division happens. That's when questions happen. The kids like, "Why are they taking this side? Why are they doing this?" And they're asking all these questions. You don't want your kids to have all these questions because a lot of questions like that bring confusion in the kids. And confusion, that's when the devil can come in and take the little mind away just like that. Um he said he he'll he'll bring some critic unbeliever and sit him down and cause him to fellowship with you under the quietness of things. Then he'll shoot that guy with some poison dart stuff. He'll start through the church with it. Don't take sides with it. Don't you have nothing to do with anything else? Do you stay right, loving, and sweet, and kind to one another? Pray for that, man. Pray for your spouse. Maybe it's maybe some things that you want changed, but maybe God has to show some things first for them to be changed or something to be changed. Pray for that man that he'll be saved to or that woman orever who it is. Just pray for them and stick one to another. I love this part here, too. And stay with your pastor. See, he's the shepherd and he'll give him respects. to lead you through and cause cuz he's ordained God to do so. And then we'll read one more last quote and we'll come to a close. You can't if you're already born in the kingdom of God, you already got the Holy Spirit in you. The only thing you have to do is cut loose from these things of the world. Emotional leakage, emotional damage. Let us lay aside every weight. No, it says every weight. Because when you get filled with the Holy Ghost, everything isn't all hunky dory and perfect. God still has to build you to the perfect statue of a man. So there's things in your life that you may not recognize. I love how David said, "Search me and try me." You say, "Lord, if there's anything inside of me that is lingering I don't know about, Lord, help it make known so I can overcome it." So easy beset us that we might run with patience the life, the race that's set before us. Hebrews the chapter 11, lay aside the weights as everlasting life to receive it. So just in closing, I know this is this is one of those topics that's really deep and and sometimes women realize that we have these things, but I I just see it that I don't want anybody else to have to go through what I went through when I was a kid. Um because I had a I had a lot of things in my life that I struggle with because of those things. And so we're all Holy Ghost fil here. We're parents here. And you want to just keep the devil out as much as you can. Don't let the devil have an inch cuz he'll take a mile just like that. You could be sweet and loving and one thing boom he could come in and just sweep. So we have to be careful with the guard. Guard oursel. Guard your marker. Just like in the Old Testament they had to guard their land marker. So we got to guard our land marker as well because we have come too far. The the the book is open from Genesis to Revelation. We have everything here. We have all the weapons to def defeat the enemy. He's He's defeated. I always said the statement, don't let a defeated creature defeat you. Let let him while in his own defeat. He picked his choice. He made his choice and he has to lie in it. So don't give him any more power than he deserves. Don't give him no power. Amen. So we we'll just we'll close um we'll close in a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we just thank you for this night tonight, Lord. Father, I I just pray, Lord, that you just help us, Lord, cuz Lord, we're needy people, Lord, and we want to overcome everything, Lord Jesus. We don't want anything, Lord, to stand in the way, Lord, of you moving in the fullness that you want to move in our life, Lord. I look at David's life, Lord. I I believe that you wanted to do so much more, but Lord, you you had to you had to stop at a certain point, Lord. His relationship wasn't the same after he he made that mistake. Yes, you forgive you forgave him, Lord. I look and I see Solomon, Lord, and he was a mighty man of valor as well, Lord, but he had one thing, Lord, that that stopped him, Lord. I see Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, Lord. We we just see that these the emotional leakage and damage is nothing to play with, Lord. Father, may we not, Lord, transmit anything over to our kids, our friends, our relationships, Lord. But, Father, may you give us the strength just to overcome. May you give us the power to overcome any and everything, Lord. And Lord, as we just gather together, Lord, we see the enemy, Lord, hates unity everywhere, Lord. Father, let us stick that much closer together. Let us pray for one another, Lord. Let us fellowship one another. Let us love one another, Lord, that we can keep that devil out, Lord. We see what Brother Brandham said, Lord, how he the devil hates to see unity, Lord. But, Father, let us stick that much closer together, Lord. Let let no uh scandals or anything happen in this church, Lord. Father, let us, Lord Jesus, just be fully surrendered to you that we can kick everything out. All the mess and junk that tries to come in, we'll kick it out before it even comes into the door, almighty God. And Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for all that you've done, all that you're doing right now. Lord, give us eyes to see what you're doing in our life right now, Lord. And Father, we just give you all the honor, glory, and praise. Jesus Christ name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Thank the Lord uh for the word of God tonight. Uh it's a little quote that came to me while brother Mark was preaching and uh I I I'm going to read this and um I'm I'm going say a couple things here. There's a this quote came to me out of paradox and and if you all would just put in your search this father and mother both are Christians. It should take us to paradox. Uh so there's you know I'll be honest uh when when when when you sitting there listening to the word uh there are all kind of thoughts that kind of go through your head and um you know one of the thoughts that went through my head is like brother brother Mark is not married but yet he's given um married people uh advice and uh sometimes it's hard for people to receive it because he's not married. But to those people, I want to say um be careful uh that you miss uh what God is speaking. Go beyond the vessel and his status because he's representing God when he's standing here. And uh he he brought some things from his own personal experience. So, we can we can learn from that and and and I'm very very grateful uh that he was just so transparent with us and and uh hopefully we'll take that and and we'll we'll be better. I want to read this quote because this came to me uh while he was ministering. Uh it says this father and mother both are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost and they have brought this young man up in the way of the Lord and now the young man is about 17 or 18 years old. Now look, uh, so things happen while they're young people, right? So this boy developed certain things as a young man, uh, that would have kept going with him in life had not God got a hold of them, right? So we shape our our our children at a very young age. He says, now um, the the young man is about 17 or 18 years old, some some something along there. Uh, very fine kid. He's been a real model boy at home. nice kid and he's got a brother that's just vice versa. So this boy's a model boy, but the other boy just trouble all all over the place, right? And it says, uh, but the the girls, uh, the mother's family lives close to a fine church, but do you think they'd ever come over here? No. And they know it's right, but it's just not in them to ask forgiveness or ask pardoning. So there's a a trait that is inside this family where they will never ask for forgiveness. They know they hurt you, but it's not in them to say, "I'm sorry." Those are another three words. I am sorry. Right. Uh to ask forgiveness or ask pardon and they just won't do it. It's just not in them. And then he he says, "Now the genes in the father and the mother of this boy, no matter how much they are converted, still remains the flesh that's been interbred out to this boy. Therefore, the boy has got a complex in him." How did he get it? How did the boy get the complex? From the genes of the father and the mother. It says just like from his mother's family, they and they are not forgiving, they will not apologize. And that's where that boy stands. He says, "Now I said to the father, no matter how much you've raised them up, I said, now look at you out of your family, all of them drunks and fighting and shooting and cutting and so forth." He telling he's telling daddy just like it is. Look at the family you come from, right? Everybody drunk, but look at you. I mean, he just letting them know, you know, and and if we all just went down the memory, I mean, just our own uh uh lane, uh we we know where we come from. We we know we know what type of people we we we we um you know, we we we were raised under. Uh everybody got a crazy uncle or something, you know. And I mean we all we all had like the brother say you my family just cussing and fussing and fighting and yelling and screaming over some of the silliest things that u you shouldn't even be shouldn't even but that's that's a spirit that was attacking that home. All right. He says now look at your family to the mother. So he's talking to the father and mother. Uh look at your family to the mother. They're a bunch of people just sat there and won't speak. very independent, so forth, irreverent to religion. Look at your family. That's what he's saying. He said, "But I said, it's not you." I said, "You're the only one of all your sisters and brothers, and you're sweet, kind, and forgiving. What does that say? You're a tree." He says a part of that family tree. Yet you have received the Holy Ghost and that's the thing that made you tender and sweet. And what he's saying is not your people anymore. I'm like this because my family like this. No. Which family? God's family. Uh the family you came to this earth under. No. No. No. No. He said, "When you're part of God's family that it changes your nature, right?" He says, "It's not your people anymore. It's your Christ that lives in you." I said to that boy, "Look at your family. Practically all of them are drunks and so forth." I said, "And how moody and hottempered and how strong, but you're not. You're kind, forgiving. What is it?" The Holy Spirit. Uh you're no more what you are. It's Christ in you. I said now that that same thing has to happen to your son. But all it is the prophet said this man couldn't take it. And and and now now brother Brandon told him that his family was highteered and moody. He said but that's not you. You're forgiving and kind. But what did the daddy do? and his brother Brandon told him and the father raised up just demonstrated he was highte right in front of the pro prophet just told you what your what your family line is like and and you just demonstrated raised up how you going to raise up on the prophet show you something is there right and the father raised up and said said my son went to the altar he was baptized correctly in the name of Jesus Christ and water baptism him in the pool said I know my son has come to Christ. I said that may be all right. All the outward motions he might be identified as a believer with the believers but until he's he is regenerated born again. I'd advise that that young man I'm talking about your boy that young man to never marry a woman. You want to know why? And brother, brother Rand had to be straight with him. He'll make hell on earth for her. Until that gentle, sweet, forgiving spirit of Christ comes in, then that would be a paradox in itself to take the very nature of a boy that's bred between father and mother. Remember the reason that this boy's nature is the way it is is because of of what was in his father and what was in his mother. He was just born with this. And the only way to get rid of this, the Holy Ghost got to come take it out. Sometimes we be fighting what people been born with. But you got to understand that's why you got to take it to the Lord in prayer because they just got that and only God can take that out of them. Your your fussing and fighting and high temperance will never get rid of it. It actually just fuels it. Oh Lord, help us. He says, then that will be a paradox in itself to take the very nature of a boy that's bred between father and mother. And yet in his intellectuals, he is trying his best to overcome it. He can't do it. He'll never overcome it. Christ will have to overcome it. when he lets Christ in, then he's already overcome. Then it'll be a perfect paradox when a man is born of the spirit of God. I tell you the truth, I I'm I'm grateful for the word of the Lord here tonight. Uh I know I know God spoke to us, all of us. God spoke to all of us. And and I just I like how the Holy Spirit just led our brother uh uh through this this this this thought of emotional leakage. Uh at some point in time, we got to say the buck stops here. Is not going to go any further. It's not going to go into the next generation. I'm not going to have that in my my kids or my grandkids. I'm not going to be looking at everybody else. I mean, family functions and everybody just screaming and yelling and oh my just chaos all over the place. You don't want that for your for your family. But it starts with us. We have to be the ones to make the difference. Brother Mark, God bless you. Uh thank you my brother for sharing this sermon with us tonight. Amen. The Lord is the Lord is good. The Lord is good. Oh my. I feel like I've been washed by the water of the word. I done come to church and took a spiritual shower. Been washed by the water of the word. Glory to God. Oo boy. And when you when you submit yourself to the wash and you just feel a lot better. Amen. You get clean, spiritually clean, you know. So that was just that's just that's that was wonderful. That was Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let me uh try to read uh these announcements. Amen. that we have um uh let's see Sunday morning uh prayer from 9:30 to 10 and then service at 10:30 uh Sunday school from 9:30 to 10 uh on Sunday morning that's youth and young adults and then our streaming is going to continue through uh Facebook at SAT tabernacle and then our church website John42 23.org. Amen. Uh don't forget South Florida Choir Rehearsal. That's this Saturday, June 28th. Then another one July 5th and July 12th. It's going to be hosted at Bride of Christ Tabernacle at 6:00 p.m. there in Boon Beach as we prepare for our meetings coming up July 25th through 27th and our Restore Sea of the Lord meetings. And and I I I I trust I know that our deacon mentioned this to us at the um at the business meeting. Um, if you got vacation days on your job, a good time to take those vacation days is during our meetings. That way you don't have to be uh conflicting with work, you know, on the day of the meeting. I can't come. I'm working. Do you have any vacation days that I mean, did you can you use any of them for this? Because um and and I and I trust that you would use it for this. You know, I really I realize you also want to go on vacation. and God will bless you to be able to do that. But this is very important that everybody make themselves available, be ready to do whatever is necessary uh for the meetings. We have a lot of people that are coming here uh to to our area and um and we want to just make ourselves available, you know, uh so that we can we can get in wherever we fit in and uh just make our guests feel right at home. Uh there there you'll see there's going to be a lot to do um when uh when we when we get there to the day like I'm the the the 24th. Um, most brothers I haven't let this I mean we're going to be doing a setup on the 24th between 2 uh p.m. and 6:00 p.m. We have to go and get the video equipment set up uh the uh instrument setup which means we got to go get instruments out of storage, bring them to the stage, uh put them up and pastor can't do that by itself. Amen. So, uh, if you can get the 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th, and 28th off because you know what happened on the 28th? We got to break down, right? So, we need help. So, I'm just asking, please consider, you know, taking vacation time uh during this time so that you can be available to help uh during the meetings. It's going to be very, very important. Uh we have our giving uh we have uh multiple ways to give online. We have zel, we have PayPal, we have cash app. Preferred method is always zel because they don't take fees. Uh but if you have to use uh PayPal or cash app, we understand. Uh if you want to use zel or PayPal, it's going to be giving at john423.org. Cash app would be dollar sign spirit and trutht and our mailing address is there at the bottom of the screen. If you desire to mail an offering in, those that are inside the sanctuary, we do have a box in the back that you can use for your giving. Amen. Uh I think that's all that I need to mention. Uh there we do have some guests I uh some ministers that'll be passing our way. Two brothers coming from Nigeria. Uh they just happen to be passing right around the same time. One brother, brother J. Ketta will be with us on Sunday uh the July is it 13th? Is that the right? July 13th. And uh so brother Jes will be with us on Sunday July 13th. And then brother Gideon uh will be coming on that Wednesday night uh July 15th I believe that's correct. So, we do have two guest ministers that'll be passing our way uh shortly and preparing us for the guests that we we'll be receiving uh for our meetings. Amen. Praise God. Uh all right. Before we would depart tonight, does anyone have a prayer request or a um praise report that you want to make mention of? and we will Okay, I got a couple hands over here. God bless church. I'm requesting prayer. My family and I are doing a family getaway this weekend and requesting your prayer for traveling mercy. Amen. Um I just want to thank the church for prayers for my brother. Um he was released from the hospital on Friday evening. So um he is doing better on his way to recovery. Um just pray that you know he can get himself back up and to work to be able to support himself. God bless you. I have a praise report. So um on sister's prayer I had asked for prayer um because I had been given a um full full ride like they're going to pay 100% of my uh master's degree and I was trying to find um the college um that I needed to go to and I only had a month to do it. So um we we had prayed for that at sister's prayer and the very next day um uh one of the colleges had called me. It was a private Christian university and they had every single box checked like everything that I needed and then um there were some prerequisites that I had to take because my my masters is completely different from my bachelor's. So um there were three prerequisites that I needed and I kept calling around at different colleges and I couldn't find them. And so um I had gotten on the phone with the adviser for the college I'm going to and um and I had told her I was like well I just said a prayer and you know it's going to happen and I'm like an hour later um found on the internet this college it had every single prerequisite that I needed eightweek courses all online everything that I needed. It was just so perfect how it was laid out. So now I already set everything up with my advisor. So they're paying for the college, everything included, books, everything. And they're paying me every month to go to college. [Applause] Well, praise the Lord. That that's an overflow right there. My God. my pay for everything and pay me to attend. Sign me up. Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Uh prayer request, praise report. All right. Okay. Um let's take these requests to the Lord in prayer um tonight. And your sister Virginia, your brother, brother Eugene. Okay. All right. Let's pray. Father, we are grateful for um the word that we heard here tonight. Just what a what a blessing it is to Lord just be able to uh learn from somebody else's experience. See how um these things can impact not just brother Mark but father by him sharing it these it positively impacts everybody else in here. Uh so God, we thank you for a release and for freedom that has come into this place tonight through the word of the Lord. Uh the scripture says ye shall know the truth and the truth will make you free. So I pray that we would walk in that freedom. We thank you for God these testimonies that we've heard as we prayed for uh Eugene. God, you have touched him and you've allowed him to be released from the hospital and and God, we know that you brought him this far that you will continue to carry forward that he'd be be have have his strength completely renewed that he'd be able to get back to work and do all the things that he needs to do to take care of himself. Uh but we thank you for the journey thus far. Uh you have proven yourself once again to this family and God may you just continue to get glory in this situation. Thank you for what you've also done for Sister Amanda. uh the sisters gathered together in prayer and um Lord as we were in prayer last night with the brothers just sharing um our prayers are fervent and effectual. Uh the scripture says the fervent and effectual prayer of the righteous man avaleth much which means it has power. Prayer has power to change any situation any circumstance. It's the greatest weapon that we have in our possession is to be able to pray. Even the prophet said when the weakest Christian hits their knees in prayer, all hell begins to shake because they realize the power that is in um a a a Christian coming in contact with their God. So, Father, let us not take these things lightly, but help us to realize, Lord, that it our prayers do avail much. And Lord, as uh we we've seen this in um uh Eugene, we also seen it in Sister Amanda's situation. The sisters came together, prayed for her, and look at how you just worked everything out. A full ride scholarship. Uh even the prerequisites that she needed, you found you allowed her to find that. And uh and oh God, um not only just give her a full scholarship, but they pay for the books and and and the and the class, but they even pay her to go to school. Lord, this is truly exceeding uh abundant above all she could ask or think. So, we thank you for manifesting yourself uh on her behalf. And God, that's encouraging to so many. We we don't know what people are going through, but they know that if you could do that for her, then what can you do for others? Lord, we pray for Sister Brown and her family as they prepare for this trip, Lord, that they're going to take and or as they're getting away. We ask that you would just be with them. uh bless their time together. May you watch over their homes while they're away from their homes. And oh God, may um Lord, may it just be a time of refreshing and renewing. And uh we just ask, oh God, that you would bring them back safely as the saints, Lord, prepare to leave this place tonight. Uh we ask that you would go with us, that you would keep us until we're able to come back together again on Sunday. And trusting, oh God, that you would meet us here once more. Uh is our desire and it's our prayer. It's in Jesus Christ's name that we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Uh the brothers will come at this time to dismiss you. Amen. God bless you. [Music]
