################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - The Book of Acts - Bro George Smith (05-18-2025) - George Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    The Book of Acts - Bro George Smith (05-18-2025)
Speaker:  George Smith
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ8yTmqOrew
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Lord, there was closing my [Music] face. Lord, I'm grateful. Hallelujah to you. Oh, you brought me through. [Music] Yes, you did. Lord, say you brought me through that. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm grateful. Yes, I am, Lord, to you. Oh, you brought me through. Hallelujah. Brought me through that. Lord, I'm grateful to you. Well, you made a [Music] way out of your way. Lord, I'm grateful. Lord, I'm grateful. Yes, I am, Lord. L you open doors. Open doors. Yes, Lord. That was close in my face. I'm so grateful. Come on, say to you, "Well, you brought me through." Yes, you did, Lord. brought me through that. I'm so grateful. Yes, I am, Lord. I'm so [Music] grateful. We're so grateful. Hallelujah. What you done on Calary. I'm so [Music] grateful. One more time. I'm so grateful. Hallelujah. To [Music] you. To you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to need your help. Sing this little song together. Sing, "Oh, how wonderful it is. Jesus promised he'll take care of me." Come on, say, "Oh, how marvelous." Hey, oh, how marvelous it is. Jesus promise. Jesus promised. Come on, let's sing it again. Oh, how wonderful. Oh, how wonderful it is. Jesus promise. Jesus promise. Come on, one more time. Oh, how marvelous. Oh, how marvelous it is. Jesus promise. All right, brother. Here we go. I don't want Come on. [Applause] I don't have to worry about the things ahead. Come on, Altos. I about the things that Come on, one more time. I don't have to worry about Say it again. I don't have to worry. All right, Al. All I have to do is live, right? [Music] Hey, all I have to do All I have to [Music] do All right, Sopranos and believe I can call him in the morning and when I call It doesn't matter. Oh, Jesus promise. All right, brother. I don't have to worry. I don't have to worry. I don't have to worry. [Music] I don't have to worry. Oh, I don't have to worry. No. Come on. Alto. All I have to do, hey. All I have to do is Hey, all I have to do is [Music] All right, Sopranos. I can call him in the morning. Hey, and when I [Music] call, it doesn't matter. Jesus. Oh Jesus promise. Oh Jesus promise. Jesus promise. Oh I can call him in the morning. And when I call It doesn't matter. Jesus [Music] promise. Oh, Jesus [Music] promise. I can call him in the morning. Hey, I can call him in the morning. I can call him in the morning. I can call him in the morning. I can call him in the morning. Hey, I can call him in the morning. Yes, I can. I can call him in the morning. I can call him in the morning. It doesn't matter. Jesus promise. Oh, Jesus promise. [Music] Hey, Jesus promise. He'll take care of me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You scared of that one? All right. Praise the Lord. I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Praise the Lord. We We uh I wasn't ready for it this morning. Praise the Lord. Me and Brother Troy actually switched and he was supposed to be leading this morning, but he was getting off late from work. So, uh, I had tried to put something together this morning. Praise the Lord. So, we trying to get things [Music] right. No, let's do every praise. Let's go to every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise praise to our God. Say every praise. Hallelujah. Every word of [Music] worship. Every praise. Every praise sing [Music] hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. Every praise, every praise. Say is to our God. Say God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Say, God my savior. God my healer. He's my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Say, every praise is our every word of worship. Every praise, every praise. Sing hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Every praise, every praise says to our God. Sing God my [Applause] savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Say, "God, my savior. God my healer. He's my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is." Say, "God, my savior. God my healer. He's my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Sing every [Applause] praise. Every word of worship, every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing [Music] hallelujah. Glory [Music] hallelujah. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. He's worthy. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. We're going to invite brother Maris to come up at this time. Amen. Give us a special this morning. Praise the Lord. [Music] All right. Amen. [Music] God bless you, church. [Music] Just want to give God the glory and honor today. It's easy to say that you'll trust in God, but to do it, that's a leap of faith. [Music] Blessed asssurance. Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. born of his spirit. Lord, you wash me in your blood. Washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calary is more than enough. I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never I trust in God my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I know the author of [Applause] tomorrow. So this is my story. This is my song. This is my song. Praising my savior and king and savior all the day long. That's why I trust in God my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never never fail. I trust in God my savior. The one who will never fail. He will [Music] never. Lord, when I was lost, I sought you, Lord. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why. That's why I chose I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God, my savior. The one who never will never fail. God, you've been through it all with me, Lord. Thank you. He will never fail. Say, "I trust in God, my Savior, the one who will never [Applause] fail. He will never fail. It's my trust in God." [Music] God bless [Applause] you. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, say I trust in God. Hallelujah. I say he's the one you'll never fail. You'll never [Music] fail. Oh, I trust in God. Hallelujah. is the one. You never fail. He will never fail. I sought the Lord. I saw the I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. [Music] That's why I trust him. That's why I trust I saw the Lord. Hallelujah. I sought the Lord. That's why I I trust in God. Hallelujah. [Music] He's the one will never fail. He will never fail. No, he won't. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. He won't fail. He can't fail. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. I almost got brother Maris. Hallelujah. That was the first song on my list. And he was back in the room. He said, "Brother, that was my special." Said, "Well, you can have it there, brother." I get a little peace. Praise the Lord. Amen. We like to um at this time uh welcome Sister Betty Smith in the house of the Lord. It's good to have you here. Amen. She was invited by our mother-in-law. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. We don't have any written requests, but my mother, she text me this morning. Um, she's going in Thursday to have cataract surgery. So, we want to keep her in prayer. We want to continue to pray for Sister Dixon. Amen. Pray for keep brother Willie in prayer as he's up in South Carolina preaching this morning. So, amen. God bless you. May I have the announcement, sister? Make sure that's everything. All right. Praise the Lord. We have service Wednesday at 7:30. will continue to stream via Facebook at sat tabernacle and the church's website john423.org. We have sisters virtual prayer Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. We have our Memorial Day church picnic coming up Monday the 26th at Havill Park. That'll start at 11:00 a.m. Amen. Uh South Florida Choir rehearsal will continue. The next one is May 31st. Then June 14th, June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th at Bride of Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Bornon Beach uh will be starting promptly at 6:00 p.m. And that's for our meetings that's coming up. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Amen. Which will be held July 25th through the 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens. Amen. We have uh three ways of giving online inside the sanctuary. We have a wooden box in the back where you can drop your giving. The preferred method online is Zale. They don't take out any fees, but the email address you would use for zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. For cash app is dollar sign spirit and trutht. And for those who desire to mail in your giving, it's spirit and trutht P. Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our hearts one more time. Precious Lord, we come before you once again Lord. Thanking you Lord for your presence amongst us Lord. Thank you Lord God that you are not made of wood or stone or anything that man can make Lord but you are the living God. You have ears Lord Jesus. You can hear every request Lord God. You know the request upon the hearts of your children. Father I pray for mama. Lord she's going in Thursday to have cataract surgery. Lord, she needs you to be the great physician, Lord. She needs you, Lord, to anoint the the surgeons for the purpose that you have called them, Lord Jesus, to fix the problem that's in her eye, Lord Jesus. And I pray, almighty God, that you would cover her, Lord Jesus, and be in the room, Lord. Father God, we pray for Sister Dixon where she is, Lord Jesus. We ask your blessings upon her, Lord. May the Holy Ghost within her, Lord, provide the healing that she needs, Lord Jesus, to be back in the house of the Lord. Father, oh, to continue to worship you until her change come, Father, bless our precious sister, Lord Jesus. And Father, we pray again for Brother Willie, Lord Jesus. Use him mightily, Lord Jesus. As you use all of your servants, bless and anoint brother George this morning. Use him, Lord. Help him to relax and calm down, Lord Jesus. Lord, that he may step out of the way that you may be able to use him, Lord, to speak through him and to and to him, Lord Jesus. Father God, we pray over our giving, Lord. We bring, Lord, with a cheerful heart, Lord, thanking you for all that you have blessed us with, Lord. Now, fulfill your part, Lord Jesus. All that you said that you would do, Lord, your promises won't fail. We love you, Father. Commit the remainder of this service into your care. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Tina, will you come? [Applause] God bless you. He brought me out of the my reclaim. He placed my feet on a rock on a rock to stay. He put a song in my heart today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done. done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set how you set me free. Lord Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought how you brought me out. Jesus I'll never forget. No, never. He brought me out of a mile of my reclaim. And he placed my feet on a rock, on a rock to sing. And he put a song in my heart today. A song of praise. A song of praise. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done. No Jesus, how you said. No Jesus, how you run. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget your name. Oh Jesus, what you've done. Oh Jesus, how you set me free. Oh Jesus, how you going? Oh Jesus. Oh, he brought me out of my He placed my feet on rock. He put a song, a song of praise. Hallelujah. G me out. over. He placed my feet all around. He put a song, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done. Jesus, I'll never forget how you said. Jesus, I'll never forget how you are. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. No, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Lord, I'll never forget how you save my soul. How I never forget how you deliver me. Lord, I'll never forget how you set me free. Lord, I'll never forget how you keep on keeping me. Lord, I'll never forget. Lord, I'll never forget. Lord, I can't forget. Lord, I'll never forget. Lord, I'll never forget. Lord, I'll never forget. Lord, I'll never forget. No, I can't forget. Lord, I can't forget how you save my soul. How you save my soul. How you save my soul. How you save my soul. How you deliver me. How you deliver me. How you deliver me. How you deliver me. Yeah, you set me free. Yes, I'm walking in victory. Yeah, you set me free. Yeah, you set me free. I'll never break it. I'll never forget it. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I won't forget. No, I won't forget. No, I won't forget. No, I won't forget. Yeah, I won't forget. No, I won't forget. No, I won't forget. No, I won't forget how you set me free. You gave me the victory. I'm shouting the victory. I'm shouting the victory. I'm shouting the victory. I'm shouting the victory. I'm shouting the victory. I'm shouting the victory. Yeah. Victory. You gave me victory. You gave me victory. You gave me victory. Yeah. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. Oh Jesus. I'll never forget. Oh Jesus, how you set me free. Oh Jesus, how you are. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I can't forget what you did for me. My God. My God. My [Music] God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. You can be seated in the house of the Lord. Certainly appreciate um the special specials I should say. Um, brother Maris did a wonderful job and sister um, Sister [Applause] Tina. Amen. And [Music] um, just to encourage you a little bit, Sister Tina, Brother George was telling me, he say, I don't know if you realize this or not, but one of brother Brandham's favorite singers was Mahelia Jackson. All right. He used to listen to the little gospel singers and u so it's good just to kind of take them back home like that and and just let them feel the anointing. I know we got a couple singers in this church that can get to that Mahelia Jackson uh type uh singing. But we thank God for you all. Amen. We really really appreciate you. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord. Uh Amen. Amen. Amen. And uh thank you, brother Solomon, for stepping in there at the last minute and did a wonderful job. Uh always a ram in the bush. Amen. We we thank God for him. But I heard that um Sister Smith's uh daughter-in-law was here. We thank God to have her. Um brother Tony's wife. Amen. So good to have her. Amen. in the house of the Lord uh with us. And Amen. I trust that the Lord would just minister to her heart on today. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Um I know there was a couple things that Oh, couple things I need to say. So, Brother George, he'll be ministering for us. And if you don't know him, Amen. you will know him soon. He's been here for us a couple times and and I always appreciate uh his ministry. Um had a chance just to fellowship a little with a little bit with him on yesterday and uh just the the insight that uh brother George brings uh to things. It just it it helps a lot, you know, and um I mean he's a um a man that has experienced a lot in his life uh being the prophet's son-in-law and uh but nonetheless with all the things that he's experienced and just the way that the Lord has allowed him to navigate uh we get a chance to benefit from the insight that comes through the seasons of navigation. Amen. So I'm I'm grateful. Amen. and that he had the time to be able to stop by and see us. Amen. On this morning, praise God. And tonight, uh he'll also be ministering there in um in Boon Beach. So, if you don't have anything to do, Amen. I'm sure you'll be blessed, amen, by just being in fellowship there on tonight in Boon Beach at Brother Jean's Church, Bride of Christ Tabernacle. So, that service will start at 6:00 p.m. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh, also I wanted to um uh thank the Lord for last Sunday. Amen. I wasn't able to be here for Mother's Day, but brother Jerry uh did a fantastic job. Amen. and uh ministering and you know just um you know when when Mother's Day and Father's Day uh sometimes it's not easy to preach those sermons but uh one of the things I like it's just my own personal um conviction I guess if it's Mother's Day I like to try to have a sermon for the mothers I I really do I I go to the Lord and ask for a specific sermon to encourage mothers they they need it And uh it shouldn't just be one day a year, but uh but I do specifically try to address that. Amen. On Mother's Day and and uh so I asked Brother Jerry when I knew I wasn't going to be here and I said, "Could you could you get a sermon for the mothers?" And uh he said, "I'll I'll work on that, pastor." And he came out and just the Lord blessed Amen. Uh that word. The Lord blessed that word. Praise the Lord. And and there was something else that happened uh last Sunday uh that I was just absolutely blessed by. Um you know when I'm when I'm here, one of the things that uh my wife does is uh she says, you know, we ought to get some flowers for the mothers. And uh I say, "Okay." And we we go and we'll we'll we'll do that and we'll get the flowers for the mothers. And um so this year, Amen. just I had so much going on that I didn't get them flowers for the mothers and and we were sitting in our hotel room um you know listening to the service and uh and we were talking amongst ourselves say oh we didn't get them flowers for the mothers we all the way up here in North Carolina and didn't get them flowers I said yeah I'm sorry and uh while I'm saying I'm sorry I hear on the tape on the on the stream brother Jerry come up and Hey, uh me and Sister Melissa got some flowers for the mothers and praise the Lord. Now, I don't know who idea that was, Brother Jerry, but I thank I thank you and Sister Melissa. That's Sister Melissa's idea. God bless you, Sister Melissa. We really really appreciate that. Sometimes your your smallest gestures, you just don't know what it means. But I I'm sitting in a room in North Carolina saying, "Oh man, I forgot to do that." And here come the Cesars. Glory to God. I really appreciated that. Amen. I I thank God for it. You know, it it just it means something. Um when you see the ministry just continue to move in the right direction when pastors not around. Amen. That that mean that means an awful lot. So, uh I appreciate you all. Amen. so much. So much. We thank God for him. Um I think that's all I need to um uh mention. Oh, we have a a a guest minister coming not this Wednesday but the next Wednesday. Brother um Brother Thomas from Ghana. Uh brother Thomas, he's been here with us. I remember the last time he came. Um, this was a I have a what I would say have a very unique memory. There's different things that happened at different times and I never forget it. And uh so when brother Thomas came the last time um that night that he showed up on a Wednesday night, I I don't remember the sermon, but I do remember um that brother Garen came to church that night. And um and brother Thomas began to preach some things that was right in brother Garren's house. And uh brother Garren, y'all y'all might have y'all don't hear him too much, but that night he was over here screaming, "Amen." He sitting over here. Y'all remember that night? He was screaming, "Amen." And from that night to this, Brother Garren is uh taking back his position back there in the back and uh helping with the sound. But uh something something triggered that night that Brother Thomas was here. Amen. And on a Wednesday night, you just don't know when God is going to come in and speak to your situation. And what I found out, amen, is that uh the word of God has power to change anything. [Music] I'm I'm going to say that again. The word of God has power to change anything. Praise God. Amen. A a as you as you sit and you listen to the word of God, you don't realize you are being transformed from glory to glory every time you hear the word of God. Amen. It's the word of God that produce the sun that you experience and get all your vitamins from. Right. It's the word of God that produced the moon and stops the ocean from coming too far into the land. It's the word of God that does these things. It's the word of God that said, "Let there be light." And the Bible says there was Amen. It's the word of God that does that. The word of God has transforming power. And if we just allow God to do what he does, Amen. He won't fail. Amen. He won't fail. Let me uh go to Amazing Grace. Amen. And let's stand to our feet and let's welcome um God's servant to the uh pullpit uh brother George Smith. Amen. We thank God for him as he comes in his own special way. Amen. May you draw from the gift that God has given to us on this day. Amen. A rich like like me. Oh, I once was lost. Oh, now I wo was blind but now I see. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Good to be in Florida again. I think it was two years ago. Amen. But you know, I'm here for three reasons. One, pastor invited. When I see him or when I talk to him, when you coming by and number two, the spirit moved and here we are. Amen. But number three reason might be even greater. Um there's a friend of mine out west that uh doesn't speak much English. He's Spanish speaking, but the Lord deals with him in dreams. And so he called me one day and he said, "I had this dream." Yeah. He said, "Uh, I was like a fly on the wall and I could see brother Brandham's living room." Okay. And so in the living room he said you and Rebecca was over here sitting down and over here was sister Brandham and brother Neville in the chair you know they were talking and so that that was the scene. So directly brother Neville gets up to leave. Well the Lord called him in March of 1974. So he's over by the door and then Sister Ran comes to see him out and the Lord called her in May of 81. So they're over there and then they said, "Reco, come over here." So she goes over there. Lord took her in November of ' 06, almost 19 years ago. So they're in this other dimension. Yes. They look back at me and they said, "You keep doing what you're doing. So got to keep going. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your mercy. We thank you for all you've done for us. You brought us here in our right mind. And Lord, you've given us blessings. And now we pray that you would send your spirit amongst us to interpret the word to us. Hallelujah. We love you. We thank you for every every blessing. Bless your people today, not only here, but in the other places where they're gathered, that your servants may be inspired to speak the truth. help us now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] Today we're going to speak out of brother Brandham's absolute. All right. The scripture and uh today's Sunday. We're going to have Sunday school. All right, brother. So get your pencil and paper ready. And who knows what's going to happen, but it'll be the truth. Amen. So, we're going to go we're going to dive into it says here acts of the apostles, but it's actually acts of the Holy Spirit in the lives of really believers, you know, and uh we're just going to go through this carefully and point out a few things. You know, other people, not only right here in Florida, but everywhere they they they have our same Bible. It's not another Bible. It's same Bible. And they just kind of look superficially. But God has given us the spirit of God to look into revelation and look between the lines. That's right. And what we find between the lines has to be in perfect harmony with with what's on the line. Amen. So it's fundamental teaching, but we must know what the word says. Yes, sir. Now, the writer is brother Luke. He was a doctor. You'll find that in Colossians 4:14. He was a doctor, high level Greek citizen, and he was a good writer. because the book of Luke and the book of Acts are the longest books in the New Testament. So he accompanied Paul on his missionary journeys and he did a lot of the writing while Paul spoke. Okay. He might have written actually pinned most of the New Testament. Now why is this important to us here at the edge of time? We're about ready to take off. Well, I hope so. But you know, brother Rand also taught us that in every congregation's three kinds of believers. And now don't be pointing finger. Worry about who you are, right? Very easy. Oh, well, we know where she is. No, who are you? All right. And um so the world's falling apart. But you know what? The resurrection is very imminent. Amen. Amen. Prophet says resurrection is the cornerstone of our entire message. Amen. Amen. It's the cardinal resting place of the gospel. No matter what he did, if he did not raise again from the dead, then all of it's in vain. It proves to me that he was God. So, I don't have time to listen to people that are going to try to argue that Jesus wasn't God. It's a waste of time. We're not going to go there. That's right. He was God. And I think it's a great coronation to the full gospel is the resurrection. It's divine promises. So, to my opinion, the prophet says the resurrection is the greatest of all the promises of the things of the scripture. Amen. Yes, sir. So, we're thankful that we have a living word and we're not guessing. We know what we're we're speaking about. And u you know, we're we have the only man in history that I know of that went beyond the curtain of time and came back and told us what it was all about. And it was so wonderful you couldn't even describe it, you know. But um we are a part of God's plan. Amen. And no one is going in the rapture without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It is fundamental. You must have it. You see the divine love reflecting in your daily life. That's why we come to church to see what's missing. You see, and to get ready and uh balance is very important. So, we must have balance in the scripture. Now, we don't have any place to hook this onto. Is this metal here? It's all wood and plastic. Well, anyway, balance is vital. Yes. Amen. You're not going without balance. Amen. So, so now this brother Luke, he became um a disciple. That's a follower. He was never an apostle. A disciple is a follower. While Jesus was here, he had 12 disciples. 12 followers. One was the devil. And Jesus knew who he was right from the beginning. That wasn't a slip up, you know. An apostle is one that sent out. It's a missionary, right? Uh Luke accompanied Paul the great missionary and the original disciples were mostly fishermen. They were just common people, you know. Um many couldn't even sign their name. Now we look at it today with our great, you know, understanding. Everybody's got a nice car, a nice suit. Is that the best you could find? No. That's the ones that were ordained, you know. Amen. So, these were just all ordinary men that God used in extraordinary ways to spread the gospel. They're the ones that could do the job, you know, because they were yielded and uh they were they went out after they were endued with power in chapter 2 that we'll get to in a little bit. But, uh they were God's choice. It all worked out, you know, just like with this crowd here. God God knows who should be here today. Amen. This gospel isn't for everybody in Florida. It's only for a few. That's right. Amen. That's right. Amen. So God knows who you are. He knows how to provide what you need. And um so after they were filled with power, Christ in spirit form, he showed them how to apply their faith. You see, and God is still in business today. Yes, sir. Changing lives, filling believers, anointing you to live in dark leadya. Amen. So this letter, the Acts, was originally just a letter that that uh Luke wrote to his pagan friend Theophilus, a very wealthy Greek man in order to show him the complete narrative of Jesus life, his works, his teaching, and thereby prove that Christianity is the only true religion. The rest of it is fake. This is the only true religion. Praise God. So he he he gave the narrative in in Luke. And now here's the other part. So the Gospel of Luke and Acts, they form a two volume set and they're both written about 30 years after the resurrection. Okay. Another point, the Holy Spirit is referred to more than 50 times in this one book as the Holy Ghost, the spirit in relation to baptism with the Holy Spirit, being filled with the Holy Spirit, and being led by the Holy Spirit. Okay? And uh that's the message that carries over to our day. You see, must have the Holy Spirit or you will stay behind. Guaranteed. We can guarantee that. Yes, sir. Now, we don't we can't guarantee who all's bride. But if you don't have the Holy Ghost, you will be sitting in this church the day after the resurrection. Okay? So, there's no shortcuts, no respective persons, no matter what your name is, who your grandpa was. No, only one way to God. That's right. I don't know if you ever remember the old way back there was a man named uh Bishop Johnson up in Philadelphia. Yes, sir. And he had a theme song, one way, one way to God. Baptized in Jesus name. Okay. So Luke, where we at here? Acts 1 verse one. The former treaties have I made, O Theophilles, is a good friend of his, of all that Jesus began both to do and to teach. Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen, to whom also he showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, uh being seen of them 40 days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom. Now, this is the only mention in scripture of the time frame after the resurrection to the ascension says 40 days. That's a month or so. Okay? It might have been 39 days, might have been 29 days, but it was about a month. So, very similar to our time, Brother Ram says over here in uh letting off the pressure in Green Lake, Wisconsin, 1962. Um can't you see we are at the end time? It's all over. Now, this is a long time ago, but see, God's clock is different from ours. It's all over. The next thing will be a sweep that will get that little group together. Wow. Okay. In a month or so, she will be gone. As soon as she is gathered together. Well, we are at the end. There's no hopes left anywhere. Run to Jeffersonville. No. Run to Christ, people. Run to Christ. Amen. And so in another place he mentions says we're not getting people to Christ. We're getting them to an idea. We got to bring people to Christ to the word. You see, and just in passing here, you know, we we have the new pope. Okay. We've been waiting for many years for one to come from America. Yes, sir. God knew who he knew the time and everything. So in that paragraph, if you studied it, there's three parts to that. Yes, sir. One is the election of the pope. Okay. That's their business. They they did that. But he says in that in that same paragraph that that will in so many words open the door for this right here to sweep together. Bring that little group together. See the the real believers are going to come together. Like it or not, it's going to happen. That's right. And the ones that don't like it are going to start saying crazy things and they're going to drop off. Because only the bride's going up. So we don't know what he did or what he said in those 40 days. It says you're speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom. Well, obviously, what else is he going to talk about? Right? He wasn't traveling village to village. He already did that. You see? So, let's not waste our time and energy wandering into the desert of speculation. Just leave it alone. God will reveal according to your need. Yes, sir. You see, we don't have to worry how to park the car. We got free parking out here. We don't have to worry about a lot of things. Just concentrate on getting ready. Okay. Verse four. And we're going to go slow so that you can understand it. But we're not going to read every verse. That'll be your job to read carefully every verse at home. Amen. You remember when I was here last time, I gave you four steps how to get close to God. Okay. Well, it's still true. Verse four. After being assembled together with them, he commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the father, which saith he, you have heard of me. Where did where did they hear that? John 14:15-18 and verse 26. And then he further expounds on the promise in verse 5. For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost, not many days hence. Verse six, when they therefore were come together, they asked him, saying, Lord, will you at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel, well, after experiencing these infallible proofs and having close fellowship with a resurrected being that only Lazarus had been the one to come back, you know, but here's a resurrected being. and they're having fellowship and um having meals together. They were kind of like us. They had a political question. Who's going to be president? Who's going to be pope? Who cares? We're on the way out. That's it. And neither Mr. Trump or anybody else is going to take it back the way it used to be, right? We're going forward. Who wants to go back? We're going forward. You know, that's right. So, you know, they said, "Well, Lord, this is all wonderful. Um, but um and you know, we we love you, but now are you going to get the Romans off our back?" You know, that was their greatest thing they could think of. They were humans like us. In verse 7, uh, have you ever heard of Dr. Lamza? Okay. George Lamza was a good friend of brother Brandham. He was from Middle East over there in the Middle East. That was his where he was born. But he was a scholar and he made a translation of the Bible directly from the original text. And so he says over here in verse 7, "It is not for you to know the time or times what the father hath put in his own authority." Okay, in Florida language, that means it's none of your business. Right? These people should have understood by now that rebellion against Rome was not the proper Christian attitude. But rather faithfulness to the message of the hour and to the lifestyle of the gospel just imitating the master. Yes sir. We had a man today in our time that lived such a life some people thought that was Jesus Christ. Yes sir. Okay. Just just imitate that until it's real in your own life. You know, in Revelation chapter 4, the prophet says, and I know you've heard some of this, but we're going to read the whole paragraph because our friends didn't read the whole paragraph. Yes. Oh, how we need in Jeffersonville, thousands of lived voices. What's that mean? The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness, holiness, purity, undefiled lives, right? Walking around in the earth today without a blemish. Right. That's what we need. Without a blemish. Right. Yes. Amen. Real Christians. That's the thunder against the enemy. The devil doesn't care how loud you holler or how high you can jump or what you can do this or shout, whatever. But what hurts the devil, that's our business. Hurt the devil. Is to see that sanctified holy life, consecrated to God, say anything to him, call him anything, and he's just as sweet as he can be. Moves right on. That throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Amen. Not something else that you imagine. Right here. So don't come around me. We got to say what he said. I know what he said. Amen. I've been I've been, you know, working with his words for 50 years. Amen. So verse eight, another promise. And you shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you. And you shall be uh witnesses unto me, okay, of the truth both right here in Jerusalem. uh over in Judea, over in Samaria, and to the other most part of the earth. Amen. Somebody had to bring the gospel to Florida. Yes, sir. Didn't come in a parachute. Right. Oh, that's right. That's right. And from what we can understand, they probably spoke Spanish. All right. Yes, sir. Those original people came over here. That's exactly right. Okay. So, uh in in verse n, he took off, vanished into a cloud. Okay. And they some of them went and did what he said. Now you're probably some of you are not quite tuned in yet. Well, this is quite shallow. Yeah, ABC is quite shallow. We don't have French toast every day. Sometimes we have oatmeal. All right, brother. Sometimes we have piece of toast with just a little bit of butter. You know, we got to get back to the basics. But people say, "Oh, we're bride material. We want to hear the deep things." And what have we done with the deep things? argue and no, you're not right. No, that's not the way it works. No. So, be careful how we judge. Amen. Amen. We have an entire library of prophetic uh recordings where you can hear all the mysteries. That's right. Doctrine, Revelation, and guess what? It's on every cell phone on the planet. Amen. And English, Spanish, and whatever. Right. So, God knows what he's doing. Amen. You see? Amen. So, uh, I'm just here to point the way and encourage you to stay with God's program and stay balanced. That's exactly right. Now, the pastor and I went last night, had some a real good fish supper. Now, we can't have that every day. We got to have a balance. Amen. I was with a brother the other night. He ordered He ordered steak and uh ribs and mashed potatoes and French fries. That's not balanced. We got to stay balanced. Okay. So, where we at here? So, um see what you got to understand. We are a church full of Christians in progress. Not everybody had the same good coffee that you had. Not everybody came the same color car, you know. Amen. So, we got to review from time to time, check the foundation, be sure everything's okay. And um you know, not everyone came uh wide awake. Some people are going to go to sleep. I'm watching you. So, you're only seeing one person. I'm seeing all the happy faces. But you know, 1 John 3:11 says, "This is the message that you heard from the beginning that we should love one another." Amen. And so, we don't want to, um, push anybody aside. Love everybody. You're not, you can't waste your love. Amen. And so, um, we can try that in the natural flesh, but when it's spiritled, it's automatic. When you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and spirit of the the Holy Ghost is not optional. It's not if you feel like it. It's not when you get to 20 or 21 or 49. No, it's essential. Amen. Okay. If you want to be with us at the meeting in the air. Amen. Okay. In verse 10, two angels appeared right there in your Bible. In verse 11, they said, "This same Jesus which is taken from you into heaven shall so come in like manner as you have seen him go into heaven." And from that verse, we have the private interpretation that the cloud of 1963 was the fulfillment of the word of the two angels. Brother Rem didn't teach that. That was a sign for him, right? Okay. And we can give you a whole 30 minutes on the truth of the matter. But um uh let's stay with what we know, not what could be, it might have been. And so and so said, let's stick with the truth. Okay. Okay. In verses 12- 15, they got together in the upper room. There was Mary, the mother of his earthly family was there, saintly, obedient, walking in the truth of the hour. She didn't have special clothes on. Everybody bow. No, that's not the way it worked. She was one of the believers, you know. She wasn't arrogant. She wasn't selfish. She wasn't demanding. She was just an obedient lamb. Amen. And in uh let's see here um in 1 Corinthians 15:6 it says he was seen of 500 brethren at once. Now I wasn't there and neither was you. Your grandpa wasn't there. But it's commonly thought that those 500 are the ones that was out there on the Mount of Olives and saw him ascend. Okay? Whether it's true or not. But guess what? Only 120 made it to the upper room. You see? Where's the rest of them? Because that's only 24%. Wow. So the others, maybe they didn't take it serious. Maybe they Well, who wants to go down and sit with those crazy people? I'm going to go to the beach today. Oh, yeah. And on TV. I mean, we got all kinds of reasons not to come to church. Wow. But um 76% of the crowd didn't make it to the upper room. Now, me and Brother Jack, we've been to the upper room. It's It's not this big. It's a small place. Right? See, God already knew that. 500 people wouldn't fit there anyway. So 12, sorry, 15-2, they discussed the facts of the death of Judas, the traitor. And here's where they were quoting from Psalm 41:9 and 69:25, written by David, regarding the fact that uh where this man died, no one shall live there. Now, that's clear back in the Old Testament. There's all kinds of references to Jesus Christ and his life in the Old Testament. That's the only Bible they had. They had no New Testament. It wasn't written yet. That's right. That's right. And so to this very day, there's a place there in Jerusalem called Akalama, which is field of blood. It's a hillside. It's rocks. That's right. Now, real estate in Jerusalem is very, very expensive. You can't even imagine. Yeah. Better than Florida. Yeah. And so, um, this piece of ground, nobody lives there because scripture said so. That's exactly. You know, God's word is always true. Amen. And so, the rest of the chapter has to do with the replacement that they chose, brother Matias. But this is the first and last mention of him. And um, these people were all humans just like us. Okay? Uh, just like brother Brandham. The more you yield yourself to God, the more he can use you. Amen. If you only give him 10%, well then he's going to use 10%. And we're not talking about money. We're talking about time and you're you're yielding. So, uh, this is the only book in the Bible that's not finished yet. Everything else comes to to a finish. The book of Acts is not finished. It's being written today. Your life is being written as part of the book of Acts now. So, God is still in business. And um just like in the book of Acts, we're living in the continuation of the same spirit of God manifested through ordinary people completely yielded to Jesus Christ. Amen. And so we'll move right along here. Um and over here in um chapter two, you see the Bible is the greatest book we have. Amen. I know it's hard to believe that, but you know, it's it's the book that is going to it gives us the revelation of Jesus Christ, you know, and in our world, there's over 7,000 known languages, but the Bible is available in 750 languages because some people have taken the the the time to to put it into that language. Some of these languages still today are only spoken. There's languages, groups of people have nothing in writing. Wow. Mhm. So, you got to go over there, got to learn what, you know, what is this, what's that, and form a dictionary. Wow. Translate, you know, make a dictionary and translate John. And you got to teach the people to read because they haven't they don't know anything. It's we got it made here. But the scripture says in John 8:32, "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." So, you have a choice. You can know the truth. Now, what you know is because what you've experienced, what you've read. That's how you know something. So, you can know the truth or you can keep going in your little circle round and round and stay in prison or you can come out and know the truth. So, you have a choice. Uh Romans 8:28, "And we know that all things work together for good for those who love God and called according to his purpose." Yes. Okay. So in um chapter 2 we have a very interesting situation where that these 120 are hiding up here in this upper room from all these crazy people you know religious Jews. So here we are in day 10 120ear in prayer seeking the fulfillment of Acts 18. And there was a noise from heaven. It wasn't because a truck was going by or some. No, it's a noise from heaven came down. Amen. Filled the house and tongues of fire appeared on each one of them and each one was filled with the Holy Ghost. They knew that they had arrived, you know. So, the church of Jesus Christ was launched at Jerusalem. That was the alpha church, the beginning. Okay. We're over here at the Omega church, right? Huh? through seven years, seven ages, 2,000 years, we're now restored back to the original by a prophetic message straight from God according to Malachi 4. And if you don't Malachi, if you don't like Malachi 4, because it's the Old Testament, fine. Go over look in your Bible in Matthew 17. Jesus himself. Oh, you'd be surprised. Oh, that's that's over there for those guys. Fine. But Jesus said, "Elijah shall truly first come and restore all things." And when he said that, do you think he knew what he was talking about? Do you think he might know? Let's see. What's that? WB. Oh, William Brandon. He knew all that. Yes, sir. But brother Brandham said, "I'm glad my B my name's not in the Bible cuz somebody else could come along and that would be them and I would be left out." Wow. So, wow. Anyway, so it says here from every nation verse 5, but let me just insert something here that brother Bram says in 1960 a prayer he's praying in discernment of spirit. Very interesting tape you should listen to 60-0308. In the prayer he says, "And we're here this morning, Father, gathered for no other purpose but to know and to study to know rather the will of God and what we must do to make Christ real to the people of this generation." That's the minister's job to make Christ real to the congregation. He says, "Knowing surely that in the day of the judgment, we will be brought face to face with this generation. And being ministers, we will be judges and those people to which we have spoken to and their attitude towards the word that we bring them will determine their eternal destination." It gets serious pretty quick. Therefore, Lord, in that day we would be a judge for against the generation that we preached to. Okay. So, here we are in the day of Pentecost. And um verse 5 says that there was people from every nation. Huh? Have you ever thought of that? Well, you see, God's timing is perfect. He has you here and not in South Carolina or wherever. No, you're here. Right. And so, um he's always on time. These people were gathered in Jerusalem for the feast of Pentecost. Because you see in scripture in Leviticus 23, God dealing with his chosen people, he instituted seven occasions throughout the calendar year. And on three of these occasions, all the men, all the male believers must come to the temple. That's in Exodus 23:14-19. And this would today this very time going on in Jerusalem was the feast of harvest or feast of Pentecost. A celebration of six days. Amen. Okay. So they're all here. Now these people got to sleep someplace. They got to eat someplace. And at that time Jerusalem was still just a walled city. 1 kilometer 1 kilometer square. And so um that's exactly how these people were gathered. And it's exactly during this week that the spirit descended on the 120. So you got the six day feast down here and you got the the 120 up here with on the 10th day which fell within the six days. Uh-huh. God knows how to do this kind of stuff. And permitted them to speak in languages that all these people could understand. Wow. You see verses six and eight. Hey, aren't these guys from Galilee? You know, they're hicks. They're unlearned. You know, like the people from North Carolina, how they talk, you know, they talk a little different. Or up there where I live in the hills, bunch of rednecks up there in Tennessee. What are you saying? Virginia is even worse. There's people in Virginia I can't understand. Yes, sir. You know, so so they're understanding them in their language, but they got that Galilee accent. Yeah. You know, only God can do that. And so while they're while they're wondering, while Peter had their attention, verse 14 of Acts chapter 2, it says here, where we at? Um, but Peter standing up with the 11 lifted up his voice and said unto them, you men of Judea and all that dwell in Jerusalem, be this known unto you and hearken unto my words. Now friends, he's talking to thousands of people. No microphone. How' they do that? They must have been quiet for one thing. And so he preaches his first sermon. Maybe it's 30 minutes. We don't know. But he ends over here in verse 36 of chapter 2. And he says over here, "Therefore, let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God hath made that same Jesus whom you guys crucified. He made him both Lord and Christ. And he never did. Every time he spoke, he put that in there. You guys crucified him, you know. And um and so here he is. He was led entirely by the Holy Ghost. He did not beat them into submission. He simply was faithful to the truth. Amen. Did not call for immediate response. But in verse 37, and when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart. In other words, something happened. And they said to Peter and the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" In other words, we'd like to we'd like some of this. What's the first step to take? You know, and he gave him the eternal prescription. Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you standing here, and to your children, and to them that are far off, even as the many as our Lord our God shall call." Now, I had a text there this past week from a man over in where was he from? Somewhere in in South America, and he wanted to know, now this uh this part here where it says uh far off. Now, is that is that distance or you got to be pretty dense, you know, not to catch that? Yeah, he's speaking it over there, but it's it's happening today. It's time and people. So, this prescription that he gives here does in no wise subtract or contradict the commission a few days earlier uh where Jesus said over in Matthew 28:19, baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost. You know, it's rather the fulfillment, the manifestation, the revelation of the spoken word. Amen. But we have an entire world following the trinity idea without any revelation. So the very church that Peter founded according to them, they can't repeat his words. They got a problem. You know, uh sometimes I think I'd like to have an argument with the man in Rome. Okay, you're you're wearing the sandals of the fisherman. I don't claim that, but you claim you're wearing sandals of the fisherman. Why can't you say what he said? I mean, it would be a good argument, you know, but um verse 41, this yielded small yielded band of believers, 120, they're out here, and we only have Peter's words. I guess the others might have said a few words, too. But all of a sudden, we got a church of over 3,000 now at the first gospel meeting. It's a simple formula. Ministry speaks, God does the work. Yes, sir. I can't make you believe. I can try to keep you awake, but I can't make you believe. Praise God. We can promise you gold stars and coffee, but right now we're talking about the word. Billy Graham said, "I found that when the gospel of Jesus Christ is presented with authority, quoting from the very word of God, he then takes that message and drives it supernaturally into the human heart." Amen. Amen. He was smart enough to know that. You know, brother Brandon says, "Preaching is God's program." Amen. So, we preach the truth honestly. God does the work in the human heart. So, you might not be gifted like some of these people were talking about here, you know, but your life is preaching every waking moment. When you walk out these doors and that other church comes out, when you go to lunch, you're just your life is preaching. You know, amen. A long time ago, like 900 900 years ago, there was a man in the Catholic church called Francis of Ais. So, brother Bram said he was a preacher of the gospel. So, we'll leave it at that. But he said, "Preach always. Use words when necessary." But see, we're 21st century Americans. We got our little buddy here. We're going to blah blah blah blah, you know. No, just live it. Yes, sir. If there's something in them, they will ask a question. Then you better have a answer ready. That's right. Don't Don't call Brother Jack. He's got other things to do. He might not even be on this continent. But when people ask why do you dress the way you dress as opposed to all the other harlots, you know why? Why this? Because the Bible. Because God has promised one man's spirit five times in the Bible. Elijah, it's in your Bible. You don't have to carry your Bible. Hey, let me use your Bible. There's Elijah. Elijah. Oh, yeah. I got that. Okay, let's go to John the Baptist. Oh, yeah. It does say that. And over here in chapter four, it says two different people. And Jesus said, "He'll surely come and restore." So, we've enjoyed the message of restoration. Okay. So from 42 to 45 there was unity of purpose and fellowship. That was God's program at that time. You see and some have tried it today to form a commune and let's put all the money in the basket and just use what we need. It doesn't work today. There's not enough Holy Ghost. There's too much, you know, uh crazy stuff going on. It was for them then. And in verse 46, it looks like they went to church every day. Huh? You think you got it tough? No. Every day. All right, brother. Yeah. They met together daily in their homes, Holy Ghost fellowship. They ate together. They remembered the Lord. They were actually having communion every day. Amen. Because in Luke 22, as often as you do this, you're remembering my death. You know, nowhere in the Bible does it say to remember my birth. No, that's all it's all Catholic. No, remember his death and resurrection. Yeah. Verse 47 says, "The Lord added daily to the church. God is in charge. We're only the instruments." You see, ready and willing to be used. Praise God. Brother Random said, "I'm just a public servant of God to you." And see, God knew when to take him because worship was already forming. You know, worship was forming. And a few years after he left, I made the statement, you know, all we need is the candles. we'd be just like the Catholic Church. And today it's even worse. So, so God knows what he's doing. He says, "I'm just a public servant to you." Just like the garbage man, the policeman public servant. Wow. The preacher is a public servant. So, we are not the managers of God's bride. All right. Amen. That's right. We can't tell you how to dress and how to do this. No. Just preach the gospel. The spirit of God will take care of that. Amen. Amen. We're only following New Testament examples. Yes, sir. Okay, let's see if we can get through a couple more chapters here. What time we got to go? Lunchtime. We'll be out before lunch. Don't worry. You all look pretty well. Okay. So, chapter three and four go together. It's a six-part drama. Okay. Power in the name of Jesus, which means Jehovah is salvation. So act one is verse 1- 11 of chapter 3. It records the healing of the lame man at the gate beautiful. This is the golden gate, the eastern gate. He was sealed up in 1541 in an effort by the non-Jews at that time to prevent the Messiah from entering. You see, um, Jerusalem is a walled city. They didn't have airplanes. If you're going to attack, you got to go on ground. So they walled the city. had eight gates. So they sealed up this one gate because they they had a belief clear back then he'll come through the eastern gate. Yeah. Well, they sealed it up. It's bricked up till today. Not coming through here. Well, you know, Jesus doesn't need a open door. Come through the wall. Amen. But um according to scripture, Peter and John were going up to the temple at the appointed time, 9th hour, which is 3:00 p.m. And in verse two of chapter 3, and a certain man lame from his mother's womb, was carried, whom they lay daily at the gate of the temple, which is called beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple. Now, see, your Bible is full of details. This man didn't fall off a truck. No, he was born wrong. I don't know if you ever seen anybody like that, but it's like spaghetti. They can't do anything. No muscle, no nothing. And it says here, so the the lay man, he sees Peter and John coming. Now, this man, he's he's sitting on the ground, you know, he can't move, can't get up and go get a drink. He's sitting still and he's looking down. Arms for the poor. Arms for the poor. And he sees his feet approaching. And so he's begging for everybody that comes by. And so um he saw these two guys approaching and Peter fastening his eyes on him and John look on us. In other words, lift up your head and look at us. Wow. And he gave heed. He looked at him expecting to receive, you know, some money. Then Peter said, we don't have silver or gold. We're just poor preachers, you know. That's right. Yeah. But such as I do have, I give you in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. And nobody ever said that to him. But here's two representatives that know the power, you know, and he and he didn't just stand back and holler at him. No, he reached down by the right hand, says right there, and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and uh ankle bones receive strength. So immediately he's got muscles, that he never had before. This man's about your age. He's over 35, 40. Yeah. He's never never walked. Wow. Immediately he's up here with the rest of us. Wow. Amazing. Amen. And so he leaping stood up and walked and entered with them into the temple walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people saw him walking and praising God. Well, I imagine so. They've been seeing him there for 40 years now. He's walking. Amen. Huh. And they knew that he was the guy that been sitting there for years. And um and so they they have this tension. Wow. Now what what's going on here? And um of course he was he was very happy, you know. And so in verse 11, they're greatly wondering. This is act two. The first part is act three. Now act two greatly wondering. So Peter saw that he had their full attention and he preaches sermon number two. Because see, a an evangelist, uh, somebody that's anointed of of God, they'll they can discern when to speak and when to just go away. So, he sees he's got their attention. And, uh, it's just it's an open street meeting. Now, it says going into the temple. They didn't come into church like this. No, the the the building was only where the priest went in, but they had a big courtyard out there, and that's where all this has taken place. Wonderful. So act three, Peter's sermon identifies Jesus with the I am of Israel's history. Oh yeah, we all agree. Amen. Yeah, we can agree to that. Title could have been covenants will be fulfilled. Could have been. So 12-18. And when Peter saw it, u he answered unto the people, "Ye men of Israel, why marvel you at this? Why why you look on us so earnestly as though we did this by our own power?" No. The God of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his son Jesus, whom you delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go. But you you denied the holy one and the just and desired a murderer to be granted unto you. And you killed the prince of whom God hath raised from the dead. Wherefore we are witnesses and this name see and his name. See it's all about his name. All through this book it wasn't his name. and his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong whom you see and know the faith which is by him hath given this perfect soundness in the presence of you all and now brethren I uh what that's an old word that means I wish and now brethren I wish that through ignorance I know that through ignorance you've done this as did also your rulers but these things those things which God hath showed by the mouth of all his holy prophets that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled. All the things that happened to Christ was spoken of in scripture. You know, so this goes on and on and and it shows that there's hope for us in the 21st century because he's he's speaking there of of history, but he goes down here in verse 19, repent therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out. Because see, the gospel came first to the Jews. Yes, sir. Jesus was raised Jewish. He knew who he was, gave his life. It all it was just Jews. We were club. We had club on our back, you know, we were nobody. And so, um, it says here, "The times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord, and he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you, whom the heaven must receive." In other words, like it says in the Bible in Spanish, the heaven must hold back until the restitution of all things. So there's our time right there in that verse. Exactly. Right. He's going to be there until the bride is restored till the last one comes in and then we'll go. So it all fits together. Amen. All we have to do is get in step. Act four is chapter Act four is chapter one uh chapter 4 1 through 4. And as they spake unto the people, the priests and the captain of the temple and the Sadducees came upon them. Now here's a here's a miracle that's been done. They all all Jerusalem knew about this guy sitting there for 40 years. Okay? And now he's walking. Now they got to come up with an answer. They can't line up with Peter, you know. So, they came upon them being grieved. Why are you grieved? This man's healed now. No, they're grieved. They weren't in charge of this miracle. Grieved that they that these they taught the people and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead and they laid their hands on him that they uh and they put him in holding in the prison the next day because it's already evening. So, it's coming nighttime. Put him in jail. and um first night in jail for preaching the truth. Amazing. Very large crowd. 5-7 says, "And it came to pass on the next day that the rulers, the elders, scribes and all these important people uh they uh they gathered in Jerusalem and when they had set the preachers, you know, in the midst, by what power? By what name? H how did you do this? And Peter said, well with the filled with the Holy Ghost said unto them, you rulers of the people, elders of Israel, if this day were examined of the good deed done under this impented man, by what means he is made whole, be it known to you and all the people of Israel, you know, send the news out that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you guys crucified, every time he puts that in there. That's right. Whom God raised from the dead, has given that man, he can stand here before you whole. This is the stone which is set it not of you uh builders which has become the headstone of the corner. Neither is there salvation in any other. But there's none other name under heaven, not the name of Smith or Brandom or anything else. No, no other name given amongst men whereby we must be saved. God, so he's he's wrapping it up real tight there, you know. Okay. So, Act five is uh Peter and John, they were released. Yeah. Verse 13. Then when they had And when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and received and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant. See, they weren't only unlearned. didn't have no education, but they were ignorant. That's pretty bad. They marveled and to acknowledge that they had been with Jesus. Have is anybody in your life that last week, did they take notice that you've been with Jesus? Praise God. Did they Did they see you weaving in traffic? It's not Jesus. Glory. I mean, they do that out here. It's crazy. I'm going 65 and they're going 90. So, it's going to be by your life. It's not going to be how many tracks you pass out, how many church age books. No, your life is going to show. Just like here, they took notice they've been with Jesus. And beholding the man which was healed standing with him, they could say nothing against him. In other words, we okay, we realize this man's healed. Just don't use that name anymore. that don't don't use that name. But that's the power. Amen. You know, amen. Praise God. Well, so they were released. They were warned. Don't use that name anymore. And then verse 23, they had a testimony service. And when they were while they're testifying where they're telling about the great things and we we we suffered for his name's sake and so forth, God sends an earthquake to that region. Yes, sir. Yeah. It says right there in the scripture. And they were refilled with the Holy Ghost. Verse 31. And they shared joyfully. had things in common and u it was due to persecution you know it was voluntary it was only in Jerusalem so over here in the message um this great servant Moses brother Ram says as Moses went with that judgment stick before him that same stick tonight to the church is Jesus Christ if those Egyptians could have ever got that little simple stick out of Moses' hands they would have had him whipped and when the devil can get the deity out of the name of Jesus Christ. He's got the church whipped. We see it in action here. We don't see it a lot today, but it's still available. Yes, sir. And we see a defeated church a lot of times because they're not using what we have available. Amen. Paul wrote over here in to the saints in Philippi in chapter 2 of Philippians that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow of things in heaven, earth, under the earth, and that every tongue should confess that Jesus is Lord. That's coming soon. All the Muslims, all those crazy people, you know, those are those are children of Abraham also, but from the wrong side. And you know why we got this problem? Because God promised Abraham way back there in Genesis, I look Abraham, I love you and I know you're getting old, but through Sarah, you're going to have this son and you the whole promise. Okay, time goes by. It wasn't two weeks, it wasn't five months. Goes on and on and on. So finally Sarah having this great idea. Abraham, dear, now you see I'm old. I look ugly, right? So, you gave me this beautiful girl from down in Egypt. She's our mate. She sweeps. She does all the work here. And she's beautiful. Yeah, you're right. She's beautiful. Well, look, let's help God. You take her and go over there in the tent and then we'll have the baby and that we solve the problem. Wow. I can't I can't do it. Wow. From that day to this, we've got problems. That's right. Because she got her ideas in the middle. That's right, brother. Now you take like back there with Adam and Eve, we know the whole story thanks to William Brandon told us the whole story. But you see, if if Adam had been from the 21st century thinking, he would have said, "Now God, all due respect, sir, but look what this one did. I want another one." You know, God have mercy. You see, we got to make the Bible come alive. That's right, brother. And God only knows what the whole story is. I I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. Amen. We We could have an earthquake right here and swallow the whole thing up. That's right. I mean, when California goes down, do you realize it's 500 4 to 500 miles wide, 1500 miles long? That's a pretty big chunk of land. When that goes under, water on the whole earth is going to be displaced. The Mississippi River is going to rise. That tide's going to go up into Kentucky. Forget Florida. Did you ever fly over Florida? It's like a pancake anyway. There's no hills here. So the a good 10-ft wave That's right. Wipe the whole thing off. So these things are coming, you know. Let's get ready to go. Read your Bible. Read your church age book. Pray. And what's number four? listen to God's prophet at least 30 minutes. Okay. So, let's stop there. I'll be back. We'll continue with chapter five. Okay. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Uh, as I mentioned to you, um, just we got years of insight, uh, coming from from Brother George and just being, um, in the message around the message, uh, just seeing so much and I and and you know, I I love I love the balance. I just for me it just means it means everything. Um, and like you said, you know, we we've had for years years and years and years of people trying to go into the mysterious things of uh of this message and um and actually bringing out more confusion than um than we ever wanted, you know, ever needed. Uh I I know when I first came to the message and man we you know uh we just we heard we heard a lot of lot of deep things. We saw no life with all the deep things and and even even to this day I I I I listen to different people and you know they say different things and and I'm like that ain't right. That ain't all what the prophet said. you know, and and and like I told you all a few weeks ago, I look at charts. I'm like, "No, that chart is not using everything that the prophet said. You got one quote, but what about the rest of this?" Right? And u so we we want we want the whole thing. And and sometimes you just need to get right back down to just the basics, you know, of of what the prophet said. And and one of the things that he did tell us um when he preached the seals, he told us just live good godly lives. Don't don't don't try to make too much out of this, you know, more than what it is. Just live a good godly life. And and that that like you said, that's the Bible that people going to read, you know, that that's that's that's the thing they're going to see um when they see Christ manifested and living in you. Um and and even in witnessing we used to our witnessing was not witnessing about Christ. Our witnessing was um uh God sent a prophet. Well, they not saved yet. They're not even saved. They're not even Christians. Why we talking about a prophet and they don't even know Jesus? Right? And and and that's what we threw so many people off by that is God sent a prophet. You need to know this prophet. Like no, no, no, no, no. Do you know Jesus? If you don't know Christ, you'll never know nothing about this prophet. I'm telling you, you'll never even understand anything about it. You know, but first, we need to get you to first base. Do you know Jesus? The one that can wash your sins away. And then you start telling them how your sins got washed away. Right. And from that, now you begin to win people to Christ. Amen. I thank God for the word today. I uh I I really really do very very uh very very grateful and and and um Brother George made the statement didn't realize uh what he said. He says um you know all we got to do is just get get in step. And that that was our theme for last year. Get back in step. So, uh, we've been still kind of flowing with that theme for this year. But that's that's what the whole thing is all about. Getting in step with the word of God. That that's that's the primary thing we're trying to do. Get in step with the word of God. Amen. Lord have mercy. Um, as I was fellowshipping with brother George on last night, I just realized that, you know, we have done many years of of trying to argue with people about different things. And and I I don't been a part of many conversations where I'm I'm going to I'm going to prove to you uh what the prophet said and what the scriptures say. And and I even notice, you know, different people when they and they when they text and things like that, they they make sure they inject, you know, certain scriptures to try to show I'm I'm I'm scripturally sound and and what I'm saying to you. And uh so I try to just, you know, try to avoid that. I'mma just say what I need to say. And I already know the word is in me. And if you know the word, this little sentence that I'm putting here, you know it came from the Bible, right? Without me quoting exactly where it came from, right? But but people are always trying to dispute. It's always a dis a dispute. We got to move away from that, right? Uh we we know what God has said to us. Let's just take it and and live it and not worry about dispute with nobody. Uh even even online, folk post things in order to try to draw you. They they try to draw you in. And and sometimes you just got to avoid it right now. Now I get Brother Smiley made a comment a few weeks ago. Now I get what he's saying. I I actually saw the video that he was talking about and and and I'm like cuz I first I didn't know what he was talking about. Then I said, "Oh Lord, this is what this man doing preaching dressed like this." Brother Smileer said his just righteous indignation just would not let him p let that pass by. He had to say something kind of like what brother Brandham did when he saw them ladies in the in the hotel room. He had to say something to them. Right? They talk about whoopy this is life. He said no no no this ain't life. This is death. Right? He had to say something. So brother Smiler say I had to say he say a man there's something about a man that he won't go that far and dressing like that. Right. A man should there's something in a man that would say no. And I say I appreciate that, brother. I thank God for that. So sometimes we have to do that. But we're not going to dispute. Let's let's let's move away from from those things. God God bless you. God bless you. Amen. We thank the Lord. We thank the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Um let us um um just give me something softly there and and what we'll do is we'll have a word of prayer and prepare to dismiss you. Just remember on tonight um brother George be ministering there in Boon Beach and um I know it'll be a blessing uh to you if you're able to come and just be you know in the service. Um just I'm I'm there's a lot said and some sometimes I don't know if we get it all but I I was just kind of you know gleaning and writing a little notes and um one of the things that that was said here is um we are a church of Christians in progress. and he made the the statement not everybody came in the same color car, right? And if you just look around the the the sanctuary uh today, not everybody dressed alike, not everybody look alike, but we're all still God's people. Amen. And and and what I gathered from that statement is if we can learn to respect our differences, I'm going say that again. If we can learn to respect our differences, then we can get a little further up the road. Now, that's just I'm talking uh church wise. Now in your family, if you can learn to respect the differences that God has made us all uniquely different, we got different temperaments, we got different uh thoughts, different desires, different actions, everything is different. If we can learn to respect our differences, it would bring such a unity. Even on your job when you get to when you get to work, everybody pull up differently. We got different cars. We we go to different homes when we leave work. We got different addresses. I mean, it's everything is different different. If you can learn to respect the differences and and and when you go to work, you know, you have to respect differences. You just can't. You got to learn how to work along with your co-workers. Praise the Lord. It can't always be your way. Amen. Right. I mean, this this this just life in general, right? It can't always be your way. Sometimes you have to sacrifice. You got to pull back and let your coworker kind of take the lead. Same thing in church. Sometimes you got to pull back and let somebody else kind of take lead. You know, you got to do the same thing in at home. Sometime you have to make the adjustments in order to make things work smoothly. I I just like I'm telling you it's it's the little insight that will take you so much further if you just catch what is being spoken to you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm happy. I'm happy with with the word that we we got and and and as um Brother Solomon was just mentioning to me uh and brother George came and and confirmed it here today. Uh you all are aware of the um of the pope from the United States and I mentioned this on on on uh Wednesday night. I I am I'm just I'm crazy enough to believe that brother Brandham could have even said what city that pope was coming from. He just said a pope from the United States. And I love the way brother George brought that back around because uh when prophecy is, you know, is going forth, uh even when you look at the scripture and Jesus himself prophesies that there will be an Elijah that comes and restores all things. Brother George say this is Jesus now speaking of this. You think Jesus didn't know his name? Jesus. Yes. Who knows all things? You think you think Jesus could he could have said he could have he could have put in a scripture uh there's going to be a prophet by the name of William Miriam Brandom that's going to come and restore all things. Here's the problem with that. And this and and this this insight helps us. Here's the problem. Had he put the name there, everybody would have come naming their child William Mary and Brandon. And we'd have been looking at all these children wondering which one is the prophet. He left the name out intentionally and we have to identify the spirit that is on the man. How he aligns himself with the word. That's what we have to identify with. Not the name but the spirit. We see the spirit of Elijah here. We see the spirit of Elijah right here. And that's why we say this is the man We know who it is. I mean, look, Brother Brandham, and and that's why God's thoughts are so so so much further than our thoughts. We And oh, Lord have mercy. Oo. 21st century Adam, y'all. I don't know if we catching these things. A 21st century Adam, Eve get caught like that. 21st century Adam say, "God, this woman you gave me, look at what she did." I got another ribbon here. [Applause] [Music] It's a truth in the house. I I got I ain't got no more ribs. You can create a rib. But her sir, she's gone. [Music] Thank God Adam was living in the 21st century. But but but we we realize that Adam doing what he did. I was talking to the brother when he when Adam put his life in Eve. Do you realize Adam was a son of God? He has God he had God's life in him and he gave God's life to Eve. And this simply was um a type of what would happen when Christ went to a cross that he would give his life for us. Amen. We We got to be able to take some things, church. And I And And when I say we got to be able to take some things, we going to we got to die to ourselves. We got to die to our thoughts. We got to die to how we feel. We got We got to die to um you know, I I'm right and I'm going to always be right. We We got to die to this. The The scripture says except the corner wheat go in the ground and die alone. If you're not willing to die, the Jesus said you're going to abide alone. And and brother Brandham said, not only just die, he said it's got to rot. Unless you're willing to die, rot, you'll abide alone. But if you go through the process of death and rotting, you know what the Bible says? You'll bring forth much fruit. Yes, sir. But it takes a death in order to see life. And like he told us, you know, Jesus spoke more about remember my death. Not remember my life, but remember my death. I wonder if anybody else in the bride of Christ could say, "Lord, remember when I died to this situation, when I died to that circumstance. I died to what they were saying about me. I died to what they were thinking about me. I died. I died. I died. I died." You know, you know how a person dead? My pastor told us this. Say, when you kick a dead man, he don't say nothing. Not only does he not say nothing, you know what? You kick a dead man, he don't even feel it. [Music] We need some dead men and dead women. Amen. Where you don't feel that hurt, you don't feel that pain. Cuz when you feel it, you respond differently. But when you don't feel it, it like it never it never even bothers you. Lord, help us die. Help us die. Let's pray. Father, the word of the Lord has come. [Music] Father, as brother George just labored here this morning, we could hear your voice speaking clearly to us and to our circumstances and our situations. If we would just abide by the word of God, we will see change and we would see transformation. And he was like, it's just it's the preacher's job. Just just preach the truth. Just bring the word forth to the people. When you bring that word, just preach Christ, make them real. When you do that, it's God's job to take it and and add to the church just as we saw in the book of Acts. Peter stood up and quoted Joel too and and father somehow someway you begin to deal with hearts and 3,000 people were added to the church God in one day. So Lord, we know that that that this this word that we have is a word that transforms and changes lives if we would allow the word to do what it does. As as we heard this morning, Sarah got in the way of the word. She had her ideas. She had her thoughts. And that created more problems in the world. We still have those problems from that day all the way to this day because somebody got in in in the way of the word. Father, promise has been given and and all we need to do is Lord, just stay with that promise. Help us to stand behind the word. not get in front of it, but just stay behind it and allow your word to do, Father, exactly what you promised that it would do. Sometimes it requires a death to ourselves, just as you had to go to a cross and die. We have to take up our cross and we have to follow you, Jesus. We follow you into death because we know also as we follow into death, you will bring us forth into life. Father, I pray that you'd bless your servant, God. We thank you for him just pressing his way to come and share with us today. God, as you would uh uh take them tonight there to Boon Beach, Lord, use them once more for your glory and for your honor. And just trust, oh God, that um uh the saints would be blessed, that the right word would be spoken for that church. You know exactly what they're going through. And just as you spoke the right word to us on today, Father, we uh ask that you give them traveling mercies as he prepares to go back home on tomorrow. He has a long drive, but Lord, be with him, Lord, as he goes. him. And uh Lord, we just pray that you just continue to use him for your glory. Bless the saints that have come, those that have joined online, those that have heard the word of God. May this word produce life. God, don't let it just be something that goes in one ear and out the other, but Father, may it be something that we meditate on, we ponder on, we think about that Christ himself might come alive on the inside of us. It's in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. Amen. We'll have uh the brothers come at this time to dismiss you. Amen. And we will look forward to seeing you all again on Wednesday night. Amen. At uh 7:30 as we just continue our journey uh through the scriptures there on Wednesday night. God bless you. Amen. And the brothers will come at this [Music] time. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
