################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - Why We Believe in One God - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (04-30-2025) - Quintin Fulgham Jnr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    Why We Believe in One God - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (04-30-2025)
Speaker:  Quintin Fulgham Jnr
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOmhKtDrLSE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Let's just have a word over the service. Prayer bow heads please. Dear precious heavenly father, I thank you Lord just for for encouragement Lord. Confidence not in ourselves Lord but in you Lord Jesus. Lord Lord you gave us your word Lord. It is never failed, Lord God. Lord, it is tied together with silver and gold, Lord God. It can't be unraveled, Lord. No matter what generation, Lord Jesus, Lord, as we come, Lord, we come to feed our inner man, Lord Jesus. Lord God, our outer man may cry, may weep, may be tired sometime, Lord Jesus. But if we feed that inner man, Lord Jesus, we know as you wept, you also gather strength, Lord, in your weakness, Lord God. Lord, we just ask, Lord, that as we we here tonight, Lord, that we pull on your word, Lord God, and we have a word to take us through the rest of the week, Lord God. No matter what may come, Lord God, we believe on you. You are your word, Lord. So if we may believe on the word, Lord, that is us believing in you, Lord God. Lord God, we just we just ask Lord you be with our pastor Lord and our first lady as they away Lord Jesus protect them on they coming and going Lord God. Lord Lord just we pray for our brother who's going to bring the word to minister tonight Lord God. Lord God let him get itself out the way Lord and minister to the hearts Lord God that we may be changed and renewed and restored off of your word Lord Jesus. Lord God, we we just ask Lord if there are any saints Lord that that are on the way Lord you bless Lord that are traveling mercies Lord God to be here Lord Lord God we just pray over each and every part of the service Lord God Lord God the stream Lord God if there's anyone listening in that need you Lord God reach through the stream and touch them Lord Jesus Lord I know that they they yearn to be here Lord touch them where they are Lord God so next time they available Lord Jesus Lord Lord we just ask in your name, Lord Jesus. You just just have your way with with your people, Lord, in your service, Lord God. Lord Jesus, we are here, Lord, just just to hear from you, Lord, to hear from our favorite preacher, Lord God, the Holy Ghost. In your name, Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. Um uh I just it was on my heart. I should mention it. Um, I don't know if you remember, probably wasn't that long ago, we prayed for a brother. Um, his name was Doc. We prayed for him. He, uh, he's out in Fort Pierce. He had a stroke. Um, and just it's it's just miraculous. Just we brothers was praying for another brother who had a stroke. And today I saw the brother who had a stroke back at work who we prayed for working today. God, God bless. Thank you, Jesus. So Lord, I know you're not a God of of of oneoffs, Lord Jesus. I know if you've done it for him, Lord God, you can you can do it again, Lord Jesus. Uh yes, Lord. Amen. Um so um I'm just going to ask you guys uh we're going to sing this song. Bring Brother Quinton out. Um Amazing Grace. Amen. [Music] Amazing. Grace, how sweet the [Laughter] [Music] sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. We're going to praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. God bless you, brother. Hope everyone has had a wonderful week. Amen. Uh in the Lord to know that you're um being a special chosen generation uh the apple of God's eyes. You know, there's there's lots of people on this earth that would love to have a relationship with God and to know God. Um, and I like how we are special because God chases after us. We don't have to go chasing after him. Uh I remember I was watching this uh this reel of this Indian guy and he's very devoted to his religion where I think he'll bow down and do certain rituals and he's over 100 years old and and he it has so much sincerity and I'll have to say that my sincerity isn't always like that with God you know but the difference that we have is the grace of God in our life not dependent upon our sincerity not dependent upon how much we know of God not dependent upon how much how good we are. I like to think about the prodical son uh that left his home, right? God had given him his inheritance and he lost it. Left his home and came back in the state where he didn't even know who he was. And uh um his his father said, "Cut the get the fattest cattle for him." Right? So I thank God for the grace he's given us in this hour that is not dependent upon our knowledge, how good we are of anything, but just God has this love that chases after us. Amen. So, let's go before the Lord in prayer before we start the word. Uh Lord Jesus, we want to thank you, oh Lord God, for this um monumental opportunity, oh Lord Jesus Christ, to come before you, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and just to worship you, oh Lord God. Oh Lord, it wasn't us going looking for you, oh Lord Jesus Christ, but it was you chasing after us, oh Lord God. Lord, in our laziness and our ignorance, oh Lord God, and our not understanding, oh Lord, and just living in the world, waking up and going to sleep and living in the world, waking up and going to sleep, oh Lord God, without any knowledge of your word, your truth, who you are, what you had done on the cross, oh Lord, we were ignorant of all of it, oh Lord God, but before the foundation of the world, Lord God, you had a thought in your head, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and it wasn't just a thought. It was individuals you had in your mind. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, the prophet said before we started on this journey of the earth. Oh Lord God, Lord, you saw all of our strengths. Oh Lord God, you saw all of our peculiarities, our personality. Oh Lord, but the prophet said you saw our weaknesses. Oh Lord God, Lord, you saw our struggles. Oh Lord God, you saw our all of the weaknesses that we had in the insignificant strength. Lord God, and the prophet said that you still chose us, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, even before the foundation of the world, we didn't even have a say in it. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. So Lord, we just want to thank you for this grace. Oh Lord God, that Lord, you would bring us to this point in time. Oh Lord God, the prophet said if you could live in any age, oh Lord God, this is the age that he would live in, oh Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord, we want to thank you, oh Lord God, before the blending of eternity. Oh Lord, that we get a chance to experience the outpour, the overflow of revelation of physical blessing. Oh Lord, that you will you'll lift us up like Joseph was. Oh Lord God, you'll lift us up above a many brethren. Oh Lord God, because we're your favorite, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we just want to thank you for this opportunity, oh Lord God. Lord, let the people know, oh Lord God, that they're healing, oh Lord God, the things they're looking for, oh Lord, the struggles are, the the loved ones they're praying for, oh Lord God. Lord, we can accomplish all of these things just because you love us, oh Lord God. Oh Lord, if we would just love you more, oh Lord Jesus Christ, it would produce faith, oh Lord God. It'll produce hope, oh Lord God, and make these things tangible to us, oh Lord. So Lord, help us to love you, oh Lord, like you love us, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Give us more of your spirit, oh Lord. Give us more of your understanding, oh Lord. Give us more of faith, oh Lord God. We may not have all the answers, oh Lord God. And it's so hard to live in that space, but we still have love, oh Lord God, where we can trust you, oh Lord God. Lord, I ask that you'll bless your people and bless this word, oh Lord, as it be delivered, oh Lord. May may the word be a seed inside their hearts, oh Lord God, that of something they're expecting from you, oh Lord, so they can see the fruit of the seed, oh Lord, in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we'll begin right into the message. Um the title that the message gave me is why we believe in one God. Right. Um in this end time, revelation has been restored back to us. So, it's always important for us to realize the things that the prophet brought out because it helps us in our everyday lives, both physical and and in the spiritual. So, we're going to start our journey in uh John chapter 1. uh reading verses uh 1-2 and then we'll skip down to verses 12- 14. All right. And it reads, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God." And in verse 12 to 14 it reads, "But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory as of the begotten of the father, full of grace and truth." And you may uh take your seats as we continue on. Um, so if you can pull the John uh first John the first verse back up there just so we can kind of uh build a foundation for what we're trying to uh uh discuss about with the um why we believe in having one God and the importance of believing in in uh one God. So I like how in this uh in this first verse it says um John says the uh uh notice that he has uh this word right here which is a word that's capitalized right and it's capitalized just as long just with along with the word God is capitalized right to show the equality between these two things right to show that they're not different but they are the same right so you can't separate God from his word right and we love that because the prophet said if you're going if God has given you a promise, right? You can bind God by his word. Right? Now, this is not language that everybody has because a lot of times people love to just, well, I'm just hoping God would do something for me. I'm just hoping God to heal me. I'm just hoping God a blessing. But if God has given you a word, you can go to God, bind him up, and say, Lord, this is your word. And force him to do what he promised he would do for you. Right? God loves to be challenged by his word to prove his words are the truth. Right? And I like here how you notice that word. It's not words even though there are a lot there are a lot of words in the Bible but we just see this word just meaning it's a a singular collective thought from a single source. Right? If you would have added a s on to the end it would have plurized it meaning more than one. Right? So the Bible is here showing us the importance for us to have one word from one source, right? And a word is very very important. Um I remember when I was living in Virginia and I was staying with my dad and my grandpa, my grandpa used to tell me something cuz he would ask me to do something and when if I didn't do it, he would get on me about it cuz he always tell me he says, you know, you know, as a man, you ain't nothing without your word. All right? You can be you can have a nice job and a nice car and you can be a wonderful person, but if you can't keep your word, you don't amount to nothing. And there was some real wisdom in what way he told me that, right, that we can we can see today because we're made in the image of God, right? We're made in God's image. So that means that our word has to be just as solid as God's word, right? And so I remember the one this one time uh Lil Xander um his birthday was coming up and I had promised him that I was going to give him a present and I believe it was a Wednesday I said I was going to give it to him and he was just ready to get this present and I totally forgot about that and he looked so distraught right it just did something to my heart. So then the following Sunday that came up there, I done forgot it again. But I said, "This time I have to find a way to get this thing to him." Right? Because that image of how sad he was because he was dependent upon what I said. That did something to me, right? So I remember I was on Saturday morning before church. I said, "Hey, I if I got to be late cuz um I was late to the Sunday school." And they didn't they didn't know that because I was going I went to this Walmart. I couldn't find what he was looking for. Then I drove all the way on the other side and I finally found I said, "Okay, now I got it." And that made me feel good because now I can keep my word to brother Xander, right? So when I told those words to brother Xander, you know what happened was he put all his feelings, right? His feelings, his sight, his touch, his hearing, which is the body, right? Then he put all of his emotions, his reasoning, his intellig, which intelligence, which is the spirit. Yes, sir. And then down in the soul he has something called faith. And he believed in that thing. And so what had happened was he stood on my words. What he was doing was standing on what I had said. Yes sir. Right. And uh and I have failed him because the Bible says, you know, uh let God's word be true. So I'm just a man and I can uh but the beautiful thing about a man is that you can redeem yourself. So I was able to redeem myself and eventually uh keep my word to him. But the opposite side of that thing is if I were to continually do that and disappoint him, what would happen is he would no longer trust in my word. He would lose complete confidence in me. And that's something God does not want us to feel about him, which is why he'll do whatever he can in order to give us the word that he had promised us. Right. Right. is it's a it's a simple concept but it's such it's such it's such a powerful uh uh uh thing. So because one of the powerful thing about words or word uh and it's actually what the original purpose of a word was was not just to provide meaning to things because words can provide meaning descriptions but a word was to provide stability. Right? The word was supposed to be something that's tangible that you can stand on. So even when the manifestation of something is not being seen, you can still stand. Which is why we love the word of God. God will give us the word and we may not feel it. We may may not be motivated. We may not understand when it's going to come to pass, how long it's going to take, but it's still something solid that you can stand on once you grasp it by faith. Right? So word provides stability. Which is why the problem we have today is that and we've already heard about this. It's so many voices in the world today. It's so many words. Everyone has a word. Uh um you know motivational speakers they have words about how you should get about your situation. You know someone says you need to exercise more. Somebody says you got to uh eat more healthy. All right. Uh if you go to a doctor, a doctor may say this make medication will help you. But if you go to another doctor and get a second opinion, they may say no that's going to hurt you. And so people are just all over the place. They don't know what to stand on because a word was made for somebody to stand. That's what God made words for, not just to be said, right? You know, in politics, you got the Republican party saying this thing and then the Democratic party saying this thing, and people just don't know what to believe, but they're looking for a word or a voice to be able to stand on because God created them to be that way. Right? So this leads us to our topic of the day as we're building this foundation because the word like I said before the word was restored to us in his last day and one of the problems that the early um well the church faced after the early church uh which was the early church was uh God's example of what a stable church was right after God uh died and rose again and gave the Holy Spirit and you saw the works during that age. That was God's example of what a stable church looked like and what he's expecting to see in this day and age, right? They were stable, right? But the problem is a lot of creeds crept into the church after that early church, which turned the church into a different image than what God had wanted it to be. And one of them nasty creeds was the creed of trinity, right? The creed of trinity. Trinity is slipped in somehow. And so we're going to turn to the message I will restore preached in 570 uh 0309B to see how brother Brandham describes uh this uh trinity uh doctrine. And it's going to be paragraphs uh 31 through 33. So let me just get there real quick. Um give me one second. Okay. So it so it says here, this is going to be a a couple of paragraphs we're going to read, but we just want to build a foundation for what we're talking about. So here it says, "But they had the worship of one true God in that little faction. They set up in the program, which many of you historians know of making the Trinity three different gods. They had one God, the father, with a long beard. I've seen the pictures right at the Vatican. They had another one, God the Son, with a younger man and a little bird flying around like a dove called uh calling the Holy Ghost. They lost sight there of the true picture of the one true God. God is not three gods. God is one God. God has three offices, the Trinity, the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. But it isn't three different gods. If it is, we're pagan. But that never started in the early church. They know the different from that. So they were stable. They knew the difference between this thing. We couldn't pull that one on them. It started in the middle age when the unity of the brethren was broke up and love. And we want to remember that word unity, right? We all we we want to remember what unity uh uh means, which is a togetherness, right? Now, of course, we people today, we believe there's three, the father and the son and the holy ghost is the three persons of the one true god. It's three offices, not three gods. But that same listen now we think that was ridiculous in the Catholic church but we brought it right down here at Pentecost and tore yourself to pieces with it. Set up another organization started something else. Instead of coming like brethren with brotherly love and with unity, the first one began to see that that the three persons of the Godhead was in one person Christ Jesus. He was a manif manifestation of God and flesh not another man. And then you set up and got a little dogmatic idea of the oneness so-called. Then you started on that, began to harp on that and you made God one like your finger one. And you know that's wrong. You better scholars know better than that. But what was it? It was because the palmer worm began to eat first instead of setting and reasoning together. When I come into the factions of the Pentecostals, they set a bigger table and than that with their heads around you go, you go this and you can't go to this. You preach for them and you can't preach for me. So the prophet experienced during this time people trying to split him up. So if he said I wanted to go I would go I want I hey hey I want to go and talk and uh preach a message from this church. Well the faction over here would say hey if you do that you're not allowed to come and preach for us. So what they would do is that we know that brother Brandham represented the word. Well he he he brought the fullness of the word. God used him to bring the fullness of the word which was the word. And so the people were trying to separate the word, right? And you can't do that, right? Because God's word calls for a a unity, right? The only way that God can come and work in the people is if they're united. God cannot work in his the people if they're not united. The same way if I if I were to take my left arm and just leave it at the house, I couldn't do a lot of stuff. If I took my left leg off, I couldn't do anything. I need all of my bo my body pieces connected and united in order to do a work. And that's the way God has to be with his body as well. Amen. Brother Brandon went went ahead and said, I said, we are brethren. Absolutely. And the oneness and if the oneness faction hadn't had went off to one side and made an issue out of it and would have stayed with their brother and let the Holy Ghost anoint them, that thing would have never spattered and broke up brotherhood the way it did. And we're going to get on to we're going to get on this thing later because it's something that is something that is a responsibility. So, keeping of the of the keeping of the unity of the saints, that is everybody's job. It's not on a preacher, right? It's not on the prophet. It is your job to make sure you keep the unity in your local assembly. Right? If you fail on that end, the enemy will come in here like a whirlwind and tear every single thing apart. Right? That's why we have to pray for one another. That's why we have to forgive one another. If someone does something to us, we got to make sure that thing is right. Right? Because the enemy will use any crack he can to come inside here and try to tear every single one of us up. Right. So, but what happened? The locust began to fly. Continue. He says it broke up brotherhood. You have to have a little unity on your own. Unity is not an isolated thing, brother. Unity is for the whole body of Christ. So, you can't go off one and just say, "Well, I only fellowship with these people, or I only believe this this this piece of the message, or we only believe that piece of the message." No, no, no, no. We have to say amen to the whole message. We got to say amen to each other, right? Whether you're white, whether you're Chinese, whether you have a differences and living stuff, we all have to come together as one. That's what God's purpose was, right? Unity is for the whole body of Christ. It started in the early days. Paul said, "When I come among you, one has this and one has that." One said, "I'm of Cphus and I'm of Paul." Right? Trying to separate the word, right? Trying to create multiple uh entities, right? Was Cphus crucified? Would you baptize in the name of Paul? Why? That stuff had started had already started. It was eating into the church, right? Trying to divide the church, right? So the very nature of this of this doctrine or or um the spirit that is anointing this doctrine was to divide. Right? So when you have the trinity, what they're trying to say is it's three gods. Well, it's not three gods. It's only one god, right? One god is the unity, right? Uh and they were trying so they're trying to divide God into three different entities as if to separate them from one another. But could you imagine three gods? Could you imagine us living in a world with three gods? So you go to one God and that God says, you know, you're healed, you'll be healed next week. Then you go to the second God, he says, you'll be healed next month. Then you go to the third god and he says, you'll be healed next year. And it's like, well, who's who's telling me the truth? Right? Which is why the Bible says um to be equally yolked when you're looking to marry somebody, right? Um, and if you if if you have a if you're a message believer and you're marrying a Catholic person and you have a child and the Catholic person is like, "Well, you can wear shorts." But the message believer is like, "Well, you can't wear shorts." Who is a child supposed to believe cuz the Bible says obey your father and mother. So now you just put the child into a place of confusion because it's now looking at two opinions and it's like, "Well, I just don't know what to do. I don't know who to believe." Right? Because if you believe this one that'll be upset. If you believe this one, this one will be upset. So unity is very very important in order for stability and clarity even in your own household. Right. Right. Um and so and that's the way we see it today because we have so many denominations in the world today. I believe brother Mark had talked about it's I think it's hundreds of uh different denominations and stuff like that. And in order to get to heaven, one denomination says you got to walk this path. the other denomination says you got to go this way and this denomination says you got to go uh you got to go this way. You got so many ways. It's no wonder it's hard for and and I don't want I don't want to say this in in a wrong way, but I can I'm not saying I understand unbelievers, but if I was a unbeliever looking at denominations today, it would be very confusing to me to find out, well, which one is right? Because you're saying one thing and this person is saying one thing and this person is saying one thing and I don't know which one to believe. Right? So it just create it just puts people in a a position of uh different things. Right? Uh and the Bible talks about um the how the path to destruction is a broad path. So we don't want options, right? We don't want options when it comes down to the soul. We don't want to have a bunch of options and how to decide and stuff like that. We want one way, right? The Bible says straight and narrow is the way of life, but very few find it. Uh if we read here in John um John 14:6, it says, "Jesus said unto them, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me." And it looks very interesting because it's like, well, is Jesus referencing some other person when he says the father? Well, no. They're one and the same, right? That's why he said no man can come into the father but by me because he is the father. Right? So that's what he was trying to uh uh uh clarify that isn't multiple people. No, he is the one. He is the father. He is the holy ghost. He is the son. All those people are one personality. Right? So this the so we know the doctrine the purpose of this doctrine is to destroy the unity. Right? Uh by um trying to separate God and take him out the uni take him out trying to take him out the unity of his titles when each of those titles was just to uh serve a particular purpose. Right? So when God was God the spirit with um the children of Israel, he couldn't really talk to them face to face. They said, "Moses, we don't want to hear you no more. We just want to talk to God." And God spoke out of heaven. They said, "Well, no, no, no, no. Just keep talking to Moses and talking to and talking to us." But when he came down in Jesus, he could talk to him face to face. They could touch him. They could hug him. They said the children came and they sat on his lap, right? He became more tangible. And then when he came down, but the problem was he was only in Israel. But then he came down in the Holy Spirit and now he can touch anybody in the world. Anybody can have access to God. So what he was trying to do was just showing the accessibility through each of his titles. It even though it was the same person because it preached what exactly he spoke what go Jesus Christ spoke what God said because it was God and the Holy Spirit speaks what Jesus Christ said because it was God and it's all one God. Yes sir. Right. And that's what we have to stand upon. Right. All right. So, we have to um we want to ask ourselves um what does this destruction exactly look like? Because in order to beat the enemy, you have to know what he's trying to do, right? I I I it's kind of like um and I think I told my Sunday school class this one. I've been outside. If you ever been in the woods before and no lights, I mean, I'm talking about country country woods. I ain't talking about no uh no city woods. country woods where you know I remember one time I was um I was hunting one time on my buddy's property and they was like and I believe he had they had given me a warning like you need to get out that tree stand once it starts the sun starts going down right and so I took my time and as soon as I got out that treeand and it got dark I was like okay cuz I couldn't even see my hand see when there's no moonlight and there's no stars and there's no light you can't see your hand so if you want to be able to defeat the enemy You got to know what it you got to know what you're facing. You can't fight in the dark, right? You cannot fight in the dark. So, it's important for us to be able to understand what his tactics are because that's the first thing that the enemy likes to do. He likes to hide himself and attack you. But then God comes on the scene to reveal it. That's why the prophet said, you know, he said if you could look at the people's faces when they come up with their conditions and uh brother Brandon would call out that you have this and you have that. He said if you could see their faces. He wasn't talking about the people, but he was talking about the enemy and the people being revealed, right? And now once they revealed, now the people know what to do and they can get their deliverance, right? So it has to be revealed to us first. So what does this look like? Because we've seen it in denominations, but we're not denomination, right? And so it's important for us to remember that just because we're in a message church, that doesn't make us immune to the spirit. That's the first thing. You can't think that just because you're sitting in the message church that you know well this can't happen to us. We believe the prophet uh enemy doesn't care about that. That spirit doesn't care about that. When wherever he sees unity that's what is going to attract them to ununite the people. Yes sir. That's right. So they tried this doctrine during the time of Shadrach, Mach and Abedneo when they uh when uh King Nebuchadnezzar raised up this statue of Daniel. Right. Right. So, we're going to and um we we have to remember that King Nebuchadnezzar during the time of Babylon, as we turn, we're going to turn to Daniel 2:36-37, we have to remember that this kingdom wasn't a heathen nation, right? They had the prophet in their day and age and they listened to that prophet, right? So, in uh Daniel's 2 uh 36-37, it says, "This is a dream and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king. Thou king art the king of kings for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom power and strength and glory. So God was backing this country. Right? The prophet had a vision. Thus sayith the Lord. God is backing these people. Right? So they were believers. Right? They were believers. God had blessed them. But fast forward into the next chapter. Now they done built this statue of Daniel. And now they're telling everyone, "Hey guys, y'all got to worship this statue. It's like, "Okay, all right. That's pretty pretty interesting, right?" And that's one of the reason these Trinity spirits um uh these Trinity spirits all look they all they all really really look alike because it can come as such a religious thing happening, but its goal is to try to split the people up, right? And the prophet said about this trinity spirit, uh, before we continue going on, he said what Rome was trying to do when they came up with that doctrine, they were trying to fit their paganism into Christianity, right? They were trying to fit it into Christianity uh to please the people, right? Because before that, before uh Rome turned to Christian or their so-called version of Christianity, they had gods, right? They had Jupiter, they had Mars, they had Venus, they had Pluto, and they had Cupid, right? And Cupid we know is associated with Valentine's Day, which a lot of people uh a lot of people celebrate Valentine's Day. Uh Valentine was actually a saint within the Catholic Church. You see what I'm saying? Associated with the Catholic Church. And I've done my research online and there's mixed reasons on why Valentine's Day came to be and I could see why it would be mixed. But some people have said that it's a blend. It was a blend of ro Roman uh paganism where they were trying to mix in this thing where other people said it started as a celebration to celebrate his martyrm because he because he had died right. So but then after that it evolved into this whole love thing. So it started out as paganism. They tried to make it a religious thing on a guy, but then it ended up coming back to just paganism. Cuz if you ask anybody out here that celebrates Valentine's Day, they probably don't even know where the name comes from. So, it's not for religious purpose, right? It just goes right back to paganism. Just showing that you can't bring the world into the word and expect it to come out the word. No, it'll come in the world, it'll get all mixed up and funky looking and stuff and it'll come right back out to what it is. Yes, sir. Amen. That's why you have to have a born again experience. You just can't come to church, right? Cuz you'll come in church, y'all. You'll come you'll you'll get baptized. Brother Brandham said you'll go in a dry center and come out a wet center. Right? So it doesn't you can't mix your ideas in with the word. It has to be a new birth. Now you're a new creature. So no matter what you go through, you may be mixed in with the world, but you'll still come out a son of God at the end of it. Right? It's always important how things start. Um and so um what and brother Brandon went on to say is that instead of uh Jupiter and Mars and Venus and Cupid, what they did was they replaced it with St. Peter and and Mother Mary. And one of the beliefs within the Catholic Church is that um you can pray to Mother Mary to help you intercede to God on your behalf. That's one of the things that they believe. But if we turn to first Matthew uh verse 2 uh chapter 2 verse 5 what the Bible says is for there is one God and one mediator between God and men the man Christ Jesus. So matter no matter how much you try to mix your ideas if it doesn't line up with the word you have to throw it out. Yes sir. All right. So here we have this king Nebuchadnezzar trying to worship a saint in Daniel, right? And and now the Catholic church hasn't hasn't started or nothing, but we can see the spirit, the nature of the spirit still trying to operate through this man, right? And they had this spirit that if you don't believe the things that we believe, you can't be a part of us, right? And it is such I mean it's it it gets so tired because you hear it all the time when people come off with these little factions. If you don't believe things the way that we believe, you can't be saved. If you don't see it our way, you can't be saved. When the brother Brandham came on the scene and said, "If they draw you, if they draw a circle and draw you out, what you do is you draw a bigger circle to show that your spirit is a spirit of unity, right?" So then you know where the right doctrine is is wherever things are trying to unite stuff. when things are trying to divide and separate and separate then you know it's a wrong spirit operating uh amongst them right so here the spirit was trying to break the unity right they were trying to separate people and trying to tell people hey if you don't bow down to this image well then you have to be thrown into the fire right um and that's exactly what the Catholic church is going to get to because the Catholic church the prophet said it'll get into this little um get into this little thing where it's trying to unite all of the religions together, right? And then if you if the Bible says if you don't agree, right, that you can't it says you can't buy or trade or sell without having a mark of beast. So if you don't agree with us, then you have to be outside of us, right? And it's just the same ugly spirit uh rearing its head up. And and in fact, you can actually see it in the Islamic nation because Muslims believe in God, too. And if you go over and you're caught in Muslim in one of those little fanatics uh uh organizations that you have, they'll ask you one question like, "Are you a Christian?" You'll be like, "Yeah, I'm a Christian." They'll say, "Well, you need to denounce your Christianity or they will kill you." Right? So, it's just the same exact spirit we see uh operating out here in these uh denominations. And I kind of want to show um even within the message how we got to be careful because um I used to go to a church. Me and my dad used to go to a church in Washington. Um, and man, our church was, you can ask my dad, we were a powerful church. We had Ghanaians, we had I people from Ivy Coast, we had Congalles, we had um people from Rwanda, we had people from Kenya, we had Mexicans, all of us was in it was it was a really really good church. We all loved each other. Uh it was actually that was the church where me and dad first met brother Jack because one of the preachers up there all the churches we had come together to unify for a convention and one of them invited brother Jack and that was the first time that I heard brother Jack and and and had known about brother Jack. But our conventions used to be the best. I mean it was after conventions everybody was sweating because they were dancing. It was we just had a a a good time in the Lord and then a spirit just had to come. Right? A spirit just had to come. See, that's the thing about the enemy, man. When you having a good time, he don't like to see that. And so, he has to do something to cause division. And so, one one of these summers, we had a convention. There was this one brother, and I'm not speaking against anybody, but the enemy can use anyone. He can, right? I'm not trying to say people are are evil. They're not. I'm just recognizing the enemy and how he works. So they had brought in this one uh brother came in here and he started preaching and you know we was I was sitting in the back just enjoying the message and we had in the back of our church we had a cross which was a wooden cross. We had two sticks and it was a cross and his brother said you know you guys should take down that cross and put up a picture of of the prophet and everybody in the church was shouting and and hollering and yelling. I'm sitting in the back like, "Hold on a second. This don't sound right." See, you need God in your life to be your ears or you'll get caught up with the fanaticism. Don't Don't think that you you're strong enough to face fanaticism. Fanatic spirits are very, very convincing. Very, very convincing. And so after I got out of church, because I talked to the young people and we were all kind of uh discussing about, you know, our uh kind of our reason about kind of what happened and our beliefs and I began to realize that there are some people out there that kind of towed a line of worshiping a man and I'm like I'm not going to believe something like that. So that kind of made me realize that a brother is more than just worship. We have to believe in the same word to have unity. If we don't believe in the same word, we cannot have unity. We all have to believe the word. We all have to believe the fullness of the word. Every single line, every single dot, right? Or we cannot have unity. We can't have unity in worship, right? We can't have unity in being good people. Our unity has to be in Christ. And so that spirit started to get into the church. And now if you look at our church today, um it is uh it's been divided. You know, you got this brother's a pastor, this brother's a pastor, and that brother's a pastor. So that spirit came right up into the church, saw all those people having a good time and said, "Nah, we're not going to have this." Came up in there and ripped the church right apart, right? Ripped the church right apart. Uh, I went up there with brother Jack and my dad and I saw some of the saints that I had been with and I saw this one brother just dancing and it was it was kind of a a bittersweet moment for me because this is somebody that is just still standing but it's like man I remember when you was dancing with so and so and dancing with this person and to see him still dancing and holding on was good but it's like our church used to be better than this, right? We used to be stronger than this. We used to I mean you had brothers. We would uh shake each other hand. We would eat during the convention. We would have food, laugh. We I mean the youth we used to travel to different youth conventions and all that kind of stuff. And to see a church, right, just a um a image of its for former glory really makes you sad, right? It really makes you sad. And there's more churches that I've gone to where you have I mean churches that are big buildings. I mean beautiful buildings man huge building and five people in the church because these spirits come inside here and divide and tear people apart right so it's something that we have to watch out for uh these spirits and we all have to believe in the word one word one god one mo message not multiple ideas multiple ideas mean that everyone can go on their own path but God wants to bring his church together right and So, and so I say this as uh um say this as like as as as as humbly as I can. If you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you're in a mer and you're in a message church, God is not obligated to protect you, right? God's not obligated to protect you. Right? So, the prophet, remember, it was the prophet that told us God allows the enemy to come into the church to disrupt things. Yes, sir. God allows him to do it, right? So, you can't blame him. He's just doing exactly what God commanded him. What you can do on your end is to make sure you're filled with the spirit so you can resist the attack. Right? You can resist it. Amen. Right. And um you know, cuz the the prophet said that two things are either going to happen when this person comes in the church to try to divide. Either he's one, he's going to become a brother, or two, he's going to get kicked out. Right? The problem is the enemy never likes to leave empty-handed, right? So Lucifer in the beginning when he was kicked out of heaven, he couldn't just go by himself. The Bible says he took onethird of the angels. And if you don't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, that fanaticism will come into the church and it'll carry you away. I don't care what your mom believes. I don't care what your dad believes. I don't care what your friends believe, right? If you're not standing on a solid experience with God, grounded in the word, which keeps people united, you'll be swept away with it. I remember when I was um when they began to tell me about that doctrine that they was trying to they were they say they were trying to worship Brother Brandon, but they weren't doing it. They trying to they gave me this thing where they're saying, you know, it's like an equation. It's like you put God in and the prophet there. And I'm like, I just I just can't see this thing. But let me tell you, it sounded so convincing. It's something that I battled in my spirit for years and years and years and years because I'm like, man, this thing sounds real. And it wasn't until I turned to the story of Shedrach, Meshach, and Abednego. And when I found out that that image was Daniel, I said, okay, now I know I'm standing on a solid ground. Right. We don't bow down to men. We bow down to God because there is one God. Exactly. Right. Amen. And it has to be revelation that comes to you or else you will agree. Right? Satan is too convincing and it takes God's word to resist him. Right? It takes his word to resist him. Right? Uh and I'm not saying these things to just to make uh to uh make you uh to make make you be afraid. I'm hoping that it'll build your faith up, right? To make sure that you're grounded and rooted in the word as well, right? uh you know during the times of war you know uh I think I can't remember it's like the Vietnam war I mean when you was sleeping you had to sleep with one eye open right and so it's it's the same way with uh uh our Christian fight as well so where else is the unity found so we've seen unity in denominations we see that we see uh and how it can be disrupted in denominations we see how unity can be disrupted in the message church because a lot of times people think it's a safe zone but it's not a safe zone right so where else is unity Now, so let's we're going to turn to the message Abraham preached in 60803 uh and paragraph uh 39, right? And I'll just start reading. Okay, perfect. Says, see, everything in the Bible is in a trinity. You know that I said the other day, now he's not talking about a a a doctrine, the doctrinal trinity. I said the other day, you're a trinity. Soul, body, and spirit. You live in a trinity. kitchen and living room and the bedroom. You might have eight or 10 different rooms uh but bedrooms and spare this but you only live in three rooms. God, father, son, and holy ghost in a trinity. And we find out that the coming of the Christ is a trinity. He first he first came to redeem his bride. Comes to receive his next comes to receive his bride. Comes to his bride as king and queen to reign with through the millennium. You know that everything is in trinity and we're in a trinity. We have a mortal body, a glorified body or I mean a celestial body and then a glorified body. This this three stages brings us back to perfection again like Eden. So here the prophet is saying that we are a trinity soul, body and spirit, right? Uh mortal body, celestial body and then a glorified body. That's our perfection, right? So us being in the image of us being the image of God as the prophet said we have our own trinity. It's not like the world's trinity of doctrine because God expects us to have unity within ourselves. Right? God expects you to have unity within your own self. All right? We're going to get to what that means. Right? So, one of the people that I want to believe, one of the people in the Bible that I that I do desire to meet was the the father that had the epileptic son. And he was uh he wanted to get he wanted God to uh he wanted Jesus Christ to heal his son. And Jesus told him these words, "If thou can believe," right? God has to have God ha you have to come to God in faith in order for him to do something for you. And he said he said these these I call them famous words because I feel like it's anybody can relate to these words when you're going through and you're just kind of struggling. You just you're holding on and you just need some hope. He said, "Lord, I believe. Help my unbelief." Amen. So he realized that he was a being in trinity. But the thing is every single being has to agree in order for God to come on the scene and do something because you are one, right? Everything has to agree. Everything has to be in unity, right? He recognized he was a triune being and each one of those things had to agree. There weren't separate. They weren't separate people. You can't look at your your soul and your spirit and your body as separate people. You'll go insane, right? They all have to agree and be one just as Jesus Christ is one, right? And so I was I uh this semester uh semester ended uh yesterday, I believe. I was taking this sociology class and it's I mean it's it's it's amazing what they what they try to indoctrinate with the people. And so we got to the study of gender roles, right? Um and it's it's hard to sit through it, you know? It's it's really hard to kind of sit through that because, you know, they they recognize that there are roles. That's the thing about it. So, they see it and so, you know, they they'll have these uh they'll have these females out here that are in the world, you know, you got to be independent. You know, uh they got them chasing after like, hey, I want to be the president. I want to be the mayor and I want to have 10 businesses, right? And they got all of these and it's a sad because feminism is a spirit, right? They're not anytime you see ism, it's a spirit that gets on to the people. And so these poor females have got this stuff on their flesh and their spirit. But the Bible says God created a woman to be a mother. So now you got the soul in here that wants to be a mother. But then you got the spirit out here that wants to own 10 businesses and the flesh wants to be a leader. And now these person just can't agree with themselves. Right now they're just always angry. And whenever And I hate to say it, whenever you see a feminist, they are never happy. That's right. They're never happy people. They're always arguing because they don't have unity within themselves. They don't have unity within themselves. And it's not just the women, it's the men, too. You know, you got some of these men out here. You know, God made men to be strong. God made men to, hey, you got to use your muscles, right? And a lot of men try to complain about how, you know, how weak a woman is and she's always this and she's always that. God made you strong enough to bear those burdens. So now when they get out of their position, right? Now they're painting their fingernails. Now they got purses on, right? But their soul says you're a man. So now they got all this confusion inside of them and they have no unity because the soul says one thing and the spirit says one thing and the body says one thing and now they're just all out of whack because they're not what the image God had expected them to be. Amen. We already read we read in Ezekiel how when God comes and cleanses, one of the things that he does is he gives you a new heart and a new spirit. That's not the Holy Spirit. The prophet said, "God had to give you a new spirit because you couldn't even agree with yourself, right? God has to give you a new spirit so you have unity with inside because God can't dwell in confusion, right? God is not going to put himself into a vessel of confusion." You know, a lot of times people, they want Christianity to accept homosexuality, but God will not enter a vessel in that state. It has to be clean first. Yes, sir. Amen. Right? And then when you have when you have that new spirit on the inside, right? Now you've got a a now you got a piece of unity. Now God can put his spirit inside of you. So now you can agree with the word, right? That's the ultimate goal, right? God wants you to agree uh uh with his word. So this this trinitarian doctrine is um it's a very very important one to make sure you have revelation of uh because a lot of times people will baptize in the name of the father, son, and the holy ghost. And we've already seen Paul get on people that baptize wrong because there was a group of people that were believers and Paul asked them, "What baptize what baptism were y'all baptized in?" They said, "Well, we were baptized under John." The prophet said he made them rebaptize themselves because he realized God was not obligated to give them the Holy Spirit under that doctrine. So, it's important that you that what you're believing uh uh the doctrine that you believe, you have to make sure it lines up with the word because God has a role to play. And if you don't meet that role, God's not obligated to give you anything. And if God don't give you the Holy Spirit, you don't have power. You don't have power, right? You will not be able to overcome the world. You will not be able to overcome fanaticism. You won't be able to battle cancer. You won't be able to battle depression. These things will defeat you. Right? So, you have to make sure you're 100% on the word so God can give you his spirit and then you have the victory. Right? Hallelujah. But the problem is, you know, a lot of times, you know, as we went back, as we've seen in the past, people want religion and they people want religion and they want the things of the world. That's the problem. People want to have both, right? You know, they want to worship their flesh as God. So when a when their flesh says, "Hey, it's okay for you to cut your hair." Well, then it's okay, right? And then they want to be able to worship their spirit. Their spirit says, "Hey, you don't have to be a forgiven person. You know, if somebody does you wrong, you just uh curse them out or you just back talk them." And they want to be able to worship that. And they want to have God reigning on the inside of the heart, right? And it doesn't work like that, right? It doesn't work like that. Your your your body, your spirit, your soul, they got to agree, right? God has to talk to a being that is in unity in order to get stuff done. That's right. So, and um so the prophet had the prophet says, you know, you'll make him, you know, the savior, but you won't make him lord, right? You won't make him lord because you want lords. You want multiple gods that you can serve, right? And still be saved, right? Right. You want to be able to go go to the club on Saturday and then come to church on Sunday. You want to be able to say, you know, if your flesh says, "Hey, you can go to the club and wear what you want. you're just having a good time, you want to say amen to that. And then you want to come to church, you know, and God's preaching the word, you want to say amen to the word, right? But that doesn't show unity, right? That does not show unity, right? It's uh uh because if you had because see, if you had a Lord, singular Lord, he just not going to let you do whatever you want to do, right? He's going to make you line up with his word, right? So, um, we're going to read second Peter. Uh, let me turn to it. We're going to read second Peter because we're going to get into a bib biblical example of, uh, of these things right here. Um, just to kind of see examples in the Bible. So, second Peter uh, verses uh, 7-8. And Peter says here, "And delivered just Lot vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked." And here's the important part. For that righteous man dwelling among them and seeing and hearing vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds. And my question is, if you have a righteous soul, well, what are you still doing in the city? If you have a righteous soul, what are you still dwelling there for? Right? If you have something on the inside that tells you what's right and wrong, like why stay, right? So, we're going to turn to the uh message conference uh preached in 60 um let me see uh 61125 and it's paragraph uh 67 just to kind of get a scope of this trinity as as it regards as to people because you want to make sure you're you're in the right trinity as far as group association as well. So, it says remember the brothers speaking this morning of three angels coming down. Two of them went down into Sodom. There's always three. It's a trinity. And the trinity is one. See, now notice there was the sodomites, the unbelieving sodomites of the world. There was Lot, the lukewarm Christian believer. There was Abraham, the called out from them, elected Abraham. You believe that? Watch. Two angels, modern preachers, went down and preached. Didn't do no miracles, just only splended the blind. And preaching of the gospel does smite the believer. But Lot was saved. But Abraham representing these last days, the elected church, the church that the supernatural's been going in, right? So Lot didn't get supernatural. And you want to be associated with a group where you can see the supernatural existing in your life, but you have to have oneness with the word. Right? So we see here the trinity uh as I said um uh representing the groups and brother Brandham even further on went to mention and said that Lot represented the denominational church right the denominational church. So we're going to turn to Abraham's grace covenant uh preached in um 0317 paragraph 171 to 172. I'll just kind of read it for time. Uh it says here somebody said the other day a converted Jew that said that show them that show that them three men was father son and holy ghost. Nonsense. He's talking about the angels that had uh come down. Nonsense. He didn't say my lords as a heathen. He said talking about Abraham my lord. Lot was the one called the two angels lords. And this is what he said. The backslider down there shows exactly where that same class lives today. makes God four or five different people. God is one. Uhhuh. My Lord, said Abraham. Lot said, "My Lord's for two of them, but there's three of them there." And Abraham recognized there's one God in them. My Lord, look at it. And remember, it wasn't little Lord over here in Elohim. It was my Lord. Elohim, Jehovah, walked up to the tent. Oh, listen to this. Everybody was trimming the first, you know, they said it and carried a conversation. Uh, wish I had time to stress it. Uh, and we're going to um we're also going to go to the message, the true Easter Seal. uh preached in 610402. Um just to kind of we want to focus here on Lot's Lot's reaction uh Lot's doctrine versus Abraham's doctrine and we'll kind of see where uh these guys ended up. So I'll just go ahead and read it. It says paragraph 200 says, "Now I want to watch it. Just bring something you remember. When Abraham seen them three together, he said, "Not my lords, but my Lord. But when Lot, his denominational brother, when he seen two of them, he said, "My lords." That shows where you're at. See, Lot called them lords. Abraham called three of them my Lord. There was only one of them there was God. That's right, Elohim. And then the two angels, which was nothing but messengers, went down there. And look what he says here. He says, "And Lot, that great trinitarian brother, wanted to call them his lords. You know, come on in." See what condition he got into. He was down there with the things of the world. His wife and all his daughters out there just like the rest of the world and they're a cold formal church. That's what you get with a cold formal church. When you can't recognize the oneness of the message, what it does is it tears you up. It eventually tears your family up. Um uh I'll just go ahead and read this. Um and it's the message uh Jehovah Gyra says, "Look at Lot. Lot sitting at the gate." And this is this is important for us to understand. Look at Lot. Lot sitting in the gate and said, "My lords and living in such a way just live in any okay." And he has a righteous soul. The Bible said he has a righteous soul. They said, "Come into my house." He said, "We'll sleep in the street. What a home." He was referencing the angels that when he asked the angels to come and dine with him, the angels said, "No, we'll stay outside." Could you imagine that? What what kind of what kind of Christian will have representatives from Ohio to come up in here, you invite them into your house and I say, "No, we'll stand on the street." You have to be in some kind of state in order for that to happen. Right? 108 says, "But as soon as as soon as Abraham they said, this is the purpose we come from. We sit down here by the side of you." So, they sat beside Abraham. They wanted to sleep on the outside with Lot, though. uh verse one uh paragraph 9 says that's the way live so that if God would want to use you he knows he knows right where to come get you in a position living a clean life before God your words are honest your life is true that's the kind of place that angels come look at Elizabeth Zachchariah seeing upright honest walking in the commandments of the Lord that's the way we want to live so God gets ready to use us he says this is my people I can do with the church what I want they believe me they stand on my word see that's the way you want to do live life so you have to have unity within yourself within the word and even for God to want to come and sit and talk with you right a lot of and that's why it's a lot of people in the world that are um that are in Christianity today and they think they're fellowshipping with God and that's the trick that the enemy has placed on them because you'll see a lot of these religious groups uh I'm not saying don't listen to their music but a lot of religious singers out here and stuff like that you know you got women wearing pants and You have uh the guys out here uh wearing earrings and tattoos and stuff like that. And I mean they can worship. They'll be in tears, man. They'll be praising the Lord. They'll bring the place down. And God's not on the inside, right? Because God can't dwell in a vessel like that. When you go and read the story of Legion, even Legion worshiped God when Jesus came to the scene with all them demons on the inside of him. So worship can't do it. You can't just come to worship. You have to have unity with inside of yourself with the word. That's what it's going to take. Right? God is not looking for a a makebeliever. He wants a full believer, right? So, when you have um so, like I said, when you have a Trinity spirit on you, God doesn't even want to come into fellowship with you, right? Um and so, we're going to uh look deeper into this with uh with Lot. So, we'll uh turn to Genesis, and I'll just kind of go through and read some of this as we begin to close in a little bit. Um, Genesis uh chapter 19, so we can kind of see uh the state of this. So, Genesis chapter 19, we're going to read verses 6-8. And this is just a uh just this is just kind of um what was happening was these guys had seen the angels and they're trying to do some wicked stuff with them. And this is just Lot kind of talking to him. And Lot went out of the door unto them, and shut the door after him, and said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly. Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known men. Let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes. Only unto these men do nothing. For therefore came under the shadow of my roof. Now, you have to be in a position to give your daughters up to wicked men. You have to be some you have to be in some kind of state, right, to have a mindset like that. What a righteous soul. You knowing right from wrong and willing to give your daughters up to men like that, right? That's why we have to have unity within ourselves. Right? Verse 13, we go down to verse 13. It says, "And this is the angels that were talking uh to Lot. For we will destroy this place because the cry of them is waxing great before the face of the Lord and the Lord have sent us to destroy it. And Lot went out and spake unto his sons-in-law, which married his daughters, and said, "Up, get out of this place, for the Lord will destroy the city." But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons uh sons-in-law. So here here you have Lot here trying to now preach the word, right? But the thing about it was he was tearing. So when you say the word, you got to make sure you're living it as well, right? You got to make sure that you're living the word as well. Um and um so he had enough religion to repeat it. But the Bible is not looking just for repeaters of the word. The Bible's looking for doers of the word. Right? And so um as we come down to um verse 15 uh yes verse 15 and 16 it says when the morning arose so they've been there all night. So he had the word and it still didn't cause him to move. When you look at Abraham, contrast that with Abraham. Abraham went through a circumcision which represented the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And then when God came and sucked with him and said, "Hey, at the time of life, I'm going to give you a son." Abraham said, "Amen." Right? It put Abraham to action when he heard the word. But here Lot is he doesn't have agreement with his inner people. Right? So when he hears the word, it causes him to delay, right? So you don't want to be in this state of delay. And one of the things that this is just me speaking, but um I believe Lot was a gambler. Had a gambling problem when he was in uh Sodom and Gomorra. I believe I could see I wouldn't be surprised seeing them at the casinos and uh at the gas stations with the scratch offs and the uh right the uh the money balls and stuff like that trying to uh gamble his life savings because if you can gamble your family right you can gamble anything. So the outer man will always show what's going on with the spiritual person. Which is why uh God, you know, God God don't want to just deliver you from lying. God don't want to just deliver you from the things of the world. He wants you to live in faith. If he knows he can get you in faith, right? Those things the prophet said are the attributes of sin, which is unbelief. But if God can get you in faith, it'll take care of all of these other things out here. Right? Yeah. So verse 15 says, "When the morning arose and the angels hastened Lot, now they're rushing him, saying, arise, take thy wife and thy two daughters which are here, least thou be consumed in iniquity of the city." And while he lingered, still lingering, right? Still lingering. Uh it says, "The men laid hold upon him and upon the hand of his wife and upon the hand of his daughters, the Lord being merciful unto them." you know, but God ain't got to be merciful into him if you just listen to him the first time and just do what he says. And they brought him forth and set him without the city. So God had to force to save them. God had to drag him. And so when we come down here uh to vers um 17, it says here, "And it came to pass when they had brought them forth abroad that he said, escape for thy life. Look not behind thee, neither stay thou in a plain. Escape to the mountain, least thou be consumed. So here is another commandment going forth. But let's see what Lot's response is. And Lot said unto them, "Oh, not so, my Lord." Word after word after word. But this man doesn't have unity within himself to be able to say amen to the word. He said, "Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shown unto me, saving in my life." Very religious. Very, very religious. God ain't looking for religion. God is looking for obedience in the word. And he said, "And I cannot escape to the mountain, though they said that he could. Least some evil take me and I die." But God had already given him the word. So if God provided him a place in the mountain, there's nothing there that's going to touch you. But because he couldn't agree with himself, he couldn't agree with the word. He said, "Behold now, this city is nearer to thee to flee, and is it and it is a little one? Oh, let me escape thither. Is it not a little one? And my soul shall live." So here he's wanting to go to another city. God's trying to deliver him out of this stuff. But this man doesn't have unity with inside of himself and he wants to mix the word with his own idea. Right? And and and the sad thing about this and what we have to be careful about is that it wasn't just Lot but Lot's wife. So Lot's wife, you know, she was dragged out the city. She walked with Solomon, which means that uh not Solomon, Lot, she walked with him, which means that she had an intellectual belief in salvation. The Bible said she turned in her heart back to the city and was turned to a pillar of a pillar of salt. Right? So, we need each man to agree. It can't just be a conscious thing. Can't just be within our spirit. It's got to be down there in the soul as well, right? Because that's what God is uh uh looking for, right? And uh Abraham in contrast, you know, he was just standing on the word. I mean, his body said one thing, but he stood with the word, right? His spirit said one thing, his reasoning said one thing, but he stood with the word. And that's why we have to have unity within ourselves. We have to have unity between the body, the spirit and the mind. Uh uh, brother Brandham talked about how, you know, some people will come up to the prayer line. They he he he'll say, you know, do you believe you can be healed? They say, "I believe." And he says, "Man, you I can see you don't believe." Right? So in their intellectual mindset, they're saying, "Amen." But deep down in the soul, the soul is like, "Well, I don't know." Right? It's because they don't have oneness. But when you receive oneness with inside of yourself, when you can get the soul to say amen, then the the uh the spirit will say amen. And then you force the body says that you you command your flesh to obey the word. And then once the word believes, now you can have results, right? There was a man that came up to the prophet who was blind. And the brother said, "Hey man, God healed you. Go on." Now, that was one person speaking inside of that old man, inside of that blind man because he believed. Then he went on out there and was one week happened, still blind. Two weeks happened, was still blind. Three weeks happened, still blind. Came right back up to the prophet. Now, this is a different person talking because the first one had faith. Came to the prophet, I thought you said I was healed. The prophet said, I thought you said you believed. All right. So each person on the inside, so in his soul, he believed, but maybe somewhere in his conscious, it's like, well, you know what? This ain't possible, man. I thought this man said that I was healed. So it was another word coming, right? And brother Brandon had told him, "Hey, this is what you need to do. You've already got the word. Just uh uh water with praise." And so then he kept praising the word. He kept encouraging. He ke that was the spirit. That was a soul belief. But now he's getting the spirit. He's singing. He's praising. He's saying extra, extra. write it on the paper. Hey, I can see. I can see. And then one day when he was on uh they said that he was at the barber shop and they was trying to get him to doubt. The enemy is always going to try to get you to doubt, but just hold to the word. He said, "Extra, extra I can see his eyes popped up because sooner or later the flesh just had to agree with the oneness that was in his soul. He had got his soul to agree with his spirit and the flesh had to follow suit. Now you have one being right you have oneness in a person and with oneness you can have results right without oneness there is no result without oneness you're not going anywhere in life without oneness you're not having any kind of victory but as soon as you can get the soul to believe right as soon as the soul believes as soon as the spirit believes and the body believes and they believe in the word now you have a you have a being that is in the image of God because when God came down in the spirit he said the word when Jesus came Jesus Christ came down he said the word they tried to trick him up and say hey you're trying to change Moses he said I didn't come to change Moses law I'm just expounding upon it to show they was trying to trip him up and make him into two or three gods but he said no no no no no we it's one person and he came into the holy spirit of the prophet and came and deliver us the word and now the prophet come and said if you can't find Christ in every single verse you need to go back to show God the son the holy ghost all agree, right? And when God if God can agree and get us to to agree, then we can have uh true unity. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. And we're going to uh just end this in a little prayer. Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, your word has come forth. Oh Lord God, Lord, we realize how important unity is, oh Lord God. And it can't it can't be it can't be three beings inside of us with different opinions, oh Lord, about what you've said, oh Lord Jesus Christ. We can't move on like that, oh Lord God. Lord, help us, oh Lord God, to receive the word, oh Lord God, and then to command our spirit, Lord God, to command our flesh to line up with that word, Lord Jesus Christ, no matter how long it takes, oh Lord God. Lord, if we've been if we've truly been baptized, oh Lord God, and become the seed of Abraham, oh Lord, Abraham had faithful, Lord God, in spite of what his body was telling him, oh uh in spite of what his spirit was telling him, oh Lord God, in his soul, he believed the word, oh Lord God, help us, oh Lord, to have unity within ourselves, oh Lord God, so that we can get results, oh Lord God. Lord, it's not it's not sometimes it's not us waiting on you, but you're waiting on us, oh Lord Jesus Christ. You're waiting on us to line up. Oh Lord God, you've already showed, oh Lord God, that you can only dwell in a vessel that has unity which can bring about results. Lord, I pray that you would sprinkle the sprinkle the seeds of the word over your people. Oh Lord God, that in their situations, oh Lord God, Lord, they're striving for unity, too. Oh Lord, we're striving for unity into the church, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we're asking you, oh Lord God, to help us get to that place, oh Lord God, where we can have total faith, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, there was many times in the Bible uh during the message that pro the brother Brandon was said, "Help thou my unbelief, oh Lord God." Lord, we want want unity within our soul and our spirit and our body, oh Lord God, to say amen to the word, oh Lord God. Lord, if there's any unbelief, help our unbelief, oh Lord Jesus Christ, so that we can be a one. We even though we may be a triune being, we can be one, oh Lord, like you have oneness in your trinity, oh Lord God. Bless your people, oh Lord God. Be with us, oh Lord God, and make this a revelation so that we can have victory in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Wow, what a word. Um, yeah, many of us listen to tapes a lot of times and as the brother started speaking our just only believe. All things are possible if you only believe. Um, sister, can we have the announcements please? Um, Amen. Uh, we have church Sunday morning prayer 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. Uh, services at 10:30. Sunday school 9:30 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. Youth ages 4 to 12. Young adults ages 13 to 20. Uh, virtual streaming will continue through Facebook, sat tabernacle, church website, john423.org. Um the upcoming events that we have is uh our Friday home tape service, God's provided way, 61516. Um we have a youth outing coming up um Saturday, May 10th at 12:00 p.m. Altitude Trampoline Park. Um God bless those meetings. Um, we have a special guest speaker Sunday, May 18th, 2025, Brother George Smith. Um, and then we also have our Memorial Day church picnic Monday, May 26, 2025 at Havill Park at 11 a.m. Um, upcoming services at Jesus Christ Tabernacle Youth and Family Count, June 5th through June 8th. Uh, registration ends May 8th. Um, if you want to register, go to jectctcount.com. And then we have our our meetings. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, July meetings in Spirit and Truth. Um, hosted by Brother Jack Duff, July 25th through July 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. Um, and then we also have our South Florida choir rehearsal. Uh, May 17th, May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th. All will be held at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach at 6:00 p.m. Um, our giving, uh, our preferred giving is Zel, PayPal, and Cash App take fees. Um, but for Zel and PayPal, it's giving at johnh423.org. Um, at cash app, we have uh c dollar sign spirit and trutht. Um, we also in house, we have a wooden box in the back if you wish. Um, and for those of you who want to mail it in, we is spirit and truth tabernacle, P. Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Amen. Um let's say a prayer over the giving. Um dear Lord God um bless the giving Lord not just uh the tithe Lord but also the offering Lord. Lord bless bless the giving of our heart Lord Jesus. Um Lord for those who wish to give Lord God. Lord we pray that you bless them so they able to give in the next round Lord Jesus. Lord God thank you Lord. We we we only want to give to you a portion when you giving us everything, Lord God. Lord, we thank you for that. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Um God bless you saints. Y'all have a blessed rest of y'all week. I pray to see you here on Sunday. Okay. Uh we're going to have the brothers uh young brother come on up. He going to uh dismiss you as we go. Okay. Amen. [Music] [Music]
