################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - I Have Head But Now I See - Brother Thomas Effah (05-28-2025) - Thomas Effah.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    I Have Head But Now I See - Brother Thomas Effah (05-28-2025)
Speaker:  Thomas Effah
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oynHo64aY_s
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] You ought to know. You ought to know him. Get to know my Jesus. To know him right now. Right now. Today. Just come give the Lord some praise and say come on. And just come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Do it right now. Today. Just come. Give him some more praise. Tell them come on. And come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Right now, today. Just come. There's nothing better. There's nothing better than knowing Jesus. Knowing Jesus, he gets sweeter. He gets sweeter as the days goes by. [Music] You ought to know him. Get to know my Jesus right now. Right now today, just come. Invite them. Just tell them, "Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come right now. Right now. Today. Just come. Amen. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just come. No matter where you are, Jesus will find you. He will pick you up and turn your life around. I am a testimony of that. Amen. Amen. Um just uh just ask we can say a prayer for over the service. Please ask you to bow your heads. Um dear heavenly father, just thank you Lord that we're just we're able to be here Lord in your presence Lord. Thank you Lord that it's not a mistake Lord that we choose to be here on this night Lord at this time Lord. Lord, we can be anywhere, Lord God, but you predestinated us to be here to give you worship, Lord, to give you praise, honor, and glory, Lord. There's nothing that we can do, Lord God, that would ever be enough thanks for what you did for us on Calvary, Jesus, Lord God, but we still are going to try, Lord God, cuz you are worthy, Lord God. So, we thank you, Lord God, for those who wish to be in house, Lord, that haven't made it, Lord. Those who are on their way, Lord God. We pray over the ministers, Lord God. We pray over, Lord, just the word, Lord, that you allow us to um to get itself out the way, Lord. Let you speak to us, Lord. Lord, let us let us fall in love with the word, Lord. Like the first time we ever caught revelation from you, Lord. Lord, we just ask, Lord, you use the words tonight, Lord, and and reach out and touch our hearts, Lord, that it may change everything, Lord. Not just some things, but everything, Lord Jesus. Lord God bless bless brother Thomas, bless brother Jack. Lord as they come up Lord God just bless them. Anoint them aresh Lord as we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. We'll just uh sing the song and we're going to ask brother Jack to come out. It's a new season. It's a new day. A fresh anointing coming coming my way. It's a season and of power and authority. It's a new season. It's a new season flowing through. Hallelujah. It's a new It's a new season. Thank you, Lord. It's a new day, a fresh anointing flowing my way. It's a season of power of power, authority, authority. [Music] It's a new season flowing through me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. It's a new season. It's a new day, a fresh anointing, Lord, flowing my way. It's a season of power and [Music] authority. It's a new season. God bless you. Oh, it's a new season. Yes, it is. It's a new day. It's a fresh anointing. Yes, it is. It's flowing my way. It's a season of power. Oh, and authority. Yes, it's a new season and it's flowing to me. Come on, sing it again. Well, it's a new season. Oh, yes, it is. A new day. A fresh anointing, oh, is flowing my way. It's a season of power, power, and authority. Oh, it's a new season and it's flowing. Amen. One more time. Oh, it's a new season. Yes, it is. It's a new Hallelujah. A fresh anointing is flowing. [Music] Season of power. Season of power and authority. And authority. Oh, it's a new season and it's flowing to me. Amen. I believe that tonight. I receive it tonight. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. and turn around and tell somebody it's your season. It's your season. It's your season. Blessed be the name of the Lord. It's your season. My God. Amen. Amen. We thank the Lord uh to be here in the house of the Lord tonight. And uh as we mentioned on Sunday, our precious brother Thomas uh from Ghana would be here with us tonight. And and uh we're certainly appreciative that the Lord brought him our way. As I told you, the last time he came um it was just a timely sermon that night. He walked right into um the life of brother Garren and um and and I just remember the night so vividly and uh some certain things that he and I were talking about before service, brother Thomas come out and start preaching right on it. So we knew that God was in the building. Amen. And I believe the Lord has come again tonight to visit with us. Amen. I believe that if we come with expectations, we will hear uh from heaven. God knows what your needs are and he knows how to minister to each and every need that you have. Amen. But we want to just uh get ourselves out of the way and allow our precious brother Thomas um EA to come. Amen. He'll come tonight in his own way. Let's do Amazing Grace. Amen. Uh as he just prepares, Amen. to come. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound, oh that saved a rich like me. Oh, I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Heavenly Father, you can look from heaven. Look down upon your sons and daughters. You went a hard way to redeem this redeemable ones. Father, when you see the gathering of your children like this, you stay in heaven and you rejoice because we are doing exactly what Calvary paid off for. Father, our meeting will be meaningless if you not come among your people. So we are looking forward because you have made a promise that when we gather like this we must expect your presence. So father come among your people and reveal yourself once more as you always do. Thank you for your presence in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Okay. If you want to turn your Bible as you stand before you take your seat, let us quickly turn to the book of Job. Job chapter 42. I'm reading from verse one to 5. Then Job answered the Lord and said, "I know that thou can do everything." Amen. And that no thought can be withholding from thee. Who is he that had counsel without knowledge? Therefore have I altered that I understood not things too wonderful for me which I knew not. Here I beseech thee and I will speak. I will demand of thee and declare thou unto me. I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now my eyes seeth thee. May the Lord add blessing to read of his word. You can have your seat for now. I have heard but now I see. Amen. Yes sir. a prophet preach this message that was 1965 tape numbers 1 127 I've heard but now I see this where we have come to brother we are moving past hearing yes sir right I've heard I've heard is enough. They told me, somebody told me it's enough. We have come to a place. I want your narrative to change. Yes, sir. You must come with a positive that is testimony. Amen. Amen. I was hearing but now I see. Amen. Not you just stand at a distance to admire a Christian, right? You must step into what makes a Christian. Step into that. Amen. Amen. Praise God. You understand? Yes, sir. That is why you're supposed to come to where Christians are molded. You are at the right place. Amen. Say to yourself, I am at the right place. Hallelujah. Amen. In a message letting off the pressure 63 tape number 0113 paragraph 151. Oh eagles today. That is why you are here. Amen. You are iglets. But if the crust has begin to blind your eyes, the car of the world or you can't just swallow all the food of God. Let us come to that rock in a we weary land. Let us come there and beat upon the altar until the cross is broke and our eyes can see clearly Jesus again and the case of this world has passed away. Then the pressure will go off. He is a rock in a we a weary land. A shelter in a time of storm, a refuge, a heaven of rest for the weary. Let us come to that place. Amen. I believe that's why you are here. In perfect faith, the prophet said, why are you here? You are here to identify yourself with Christ. That's why you are here. Amen. Amen. That's why we have been called to be identified with Jesus Christ. Amen. Now eagles has got eg food and we thank the Lord that we have a prophet. That's right. That store food for eagles. Amen. My brother said there are some pastors they feed vultures. They feed other type of bears. But he was called to feed eagle. Yes, sir. And that's why he store eagle food. And if you're eagle, you get the appetite for the food of eagle. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. So in Christ, the mystery of God revealed, I'm storing food for the bride. Amen. Amen. Now not I believe I believe but what you must you must know Jesus not I believe I believe it's okay but we have come to a place that we have to know Jesus that personally say he must be personalized before you amen in investment 64 tape number 0314 For paragraph 71, but we can be a church member and morally right still not obtain eternal life not to know the word. Some of them are theologians and scholars and Sunday school teachers, Bible expos expositers, but that doesn't mean anything. Satan knows the Bible better than many of us. Amen. But the Bible said to know him is life. Not to know the word. That's right. To know him is is is life. It is Satan also believe and he trembles. But we have got to have an experience of death, burial and resurrection from our old life. Amen. to the new life which comes in Christ to come only by the Holy Spirit. The new life, that's what we are talking about. Hallelujah. Now, where did the prophet manifest the temple? He manifested the temple to prove to you sons and daughters of God that when you are restored when a son of God is restored you have power to speak and when we speak have faith in God it will come to pass because you have that creative power in you. Satan rob us of all our our rights but thank God we are being restored. Amen. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. Truth. We are restored. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. So that's why the prophet he manifested the table so that we will know when a son of God is restored in a message escape. Escape escape hater come quickly. 58 tape number 0202. Bar 22 26. But the other side they got the intellectual conception when the true side of God has been revealed of Jesus Christ not by written word but by spiritual reveal truth. Amen. Oh blessed be his name. God reveals himself to an individual and quickly he becomes deity in the inside of him. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Hallelujah. Right? When it is revealed to you, when you know what you are talking about, when your testimony is not somebody told me, but I saw it deity has formed in you. Yes sir. Yes sir. Amen. You understand? Then he is a son daughter of God. He say speaks to this mountain. Don't doubt but it will move. Yes sir. Why? You get it? It is the day the oncoming judgment the heading of his people into the places to get away from judgment. Come out. It is time to speak the word. Amen. Amen. Jesus said if you say he did not say if I say he Jesus said if you say not if he say to the mountain right so don't rely Lord move the mountain for me move the mountain for me brother said God want to partner you he want you to he want to bring you in the job he want you to participate amen that's the truth Praise God. Hallelujah. Listen, when he he got to the grave of Lazarus, Brown said Jesus could have spoken to the rock, move out. And the stone will have moved. But what did he say? Merry move move the stone. Move the stone. You have a part to play. Move the stone. Amen. Amen, brother. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Why Jesus said in the message the inside man he said have faith in God. Is that right? For very very I say unto you if you not if I if you say unto this man to be moved. If you I believe we are we are getting the momentum to speak. Yes sir. Yes sir. Because you have the power. You have the authority. Amen. You can enforce the law of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. We have seen it manifested and manifesting in the prophet and in the bride ministry. The bread ministry. We have come to the table. Amen. This is the time for us to know that you have been restored. That's right. And faith has never seen defeat. Right. That's right, brother. Who can defeat faith? Bra said faith is the boss. He has got hair on the chest. And when faith speak, he is the boss. Everybody shall so shut up. Amen. When faith speaks. Amen. Yes. It is a shut up to all unbelievers, all whatever it is. When faith speaks. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. The eyes of those that can see that is the those that God is dealing with in Isaiah 32. Isaiah 32:2. And a man shall be as in a hiding place from the wind, and a coveret from the tempest, as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. Amen. And the eyes of them that see shall not be deemed, and the ears of them that hear shall he hacken, and the heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammers shall be ready to speak plainly. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. This is the time. Yes. Yes. Yes, sir. Jesus said to the other people it is in parables but to you it is plainly. Hallelujah. Speak it plainly. Yes sir. Because it is revealed to you. Hallelujah. We are moving to the promised land. Brother say if you know you are going tell Jesus to reserve a room for you there. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Reservation. Bro, I believe you have booked your reservation. You book it. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you never book it, tell Jesus that you are coming. Amen. He should leave you a room. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I wonder now before we pray if there is anybody tonight that is interested in him but yet you haven't got your reservations yet for the other land where we are going to see him you know you can't come in without reservations true said you get there in terms he said it in a message that is things that are to be. And then in this message that I'm preaching, he said, "You'll get there and you'll be disappointed." Because you did not book your reservation. Amen. Blessed be the name of Now Job, Israel, they heard the message of God's promise. rest the rest that God was moving them into that rest. But because they lack faith, they never entered into God's rest. They could not see the promised land. In Hebrews 4:1 to3, let us therefore fear le promise being left as of entering into his rest. Any of you seem h short come short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them. But the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it. They heard it. Yes, sir. We are also hearing it. All right. Amen. But we have to get from hearing to seeing. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's right. Is right. Amen. They heard it like we are also hearing but they could not possess it. They were professors. They were not possessors. Abraham said don't always continue professing. Be a possessor. Possess the Holy Ghost. Possess Jesus. Let Jesus possess you. And said it is not you having the Holy Ghost. Is the Holy Ghost having you? Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God was taking Israel back to the promised land for them to see Messiah. In third Exodus, Rabb said in paradox 87, Arab said there is no way that God can reveal himself to Israel in Egypt. All right? He can do that. So also he cannot reveal himself to us in denominations. Praise God. Egypt a denominational country. God has got nothing to do with denominations. All right. He has to bring Israel to the promised land. Amen. Before he can reveal himself to them. So when they were coming from Egypt, they were coming to see Messiah. Praise God. Amen. Reb6 he was just at the border Egypt and he saw them packing their children and all those stuff coming said where are you going let me read that the handwriting on the wall and I see that picture and I see them bringing those Jews in coming down from Iran coming down from Egypt coming down from all over the world and there is packing them in boys packing their old mommy on their back and they went up to the interview. They interviewed them. When we landed just below and I landed in Caro, Egypt and I seen them big planes coming in loaded with those people woke up and said, "What are you going back to the homeland for? Are you going back there to die so that you can be buried in your homelands? The old Jews with tears running on their cheeks said, "No, we are going to meet the Messiah." Hallelujah. Handwriting on the wall. Hallelujah. We are going to meet the Messiah. That's right. The first Exodus they were they they got to the promise to meet Messiah. Moses spoke of them. When you get to the promised land, Messiah will visit you. But did they see him? They rejected him. That is why they are going through all these problems. Because they call the blood of Jesus Christ. Let the blood come upon us and our children. That's right. Refused to see the Messiah. They rejected him. You you call yourself a son of God, you blasphe. You call yourself Christ, you blasphe. That's why they kill him. But they predestinated. When he performed the sign of the Messiah, they recognized him. Amen. The woman at the say, "Hey, man, I know." He did. She did not say that we know. It's not a collective revelation. He said I know that Messiah cometh which is being interpreted Christ. He will do this job. He will know our heart. Who are you? Amen. That was Abraham's seed. He said I am here to reveal myself to Abraham's seed. I that speak to you. I am here. Amen. Praise God. That is why today you are here. You are not here. I don't think brother Dav is making church. Church ended in Pentecost. If you are here for a church, you are at the wrong place. We are here building the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. This the body of Christ. Amen. And the body of Christ, you don't join, you are born into it. Hallelujah. You join church, you can stop and then go out. You join. That is why we are moving from we join denominations. We are moving out. But when it come to the message, you cannot disassociate. You cannot leave the message. Why? You are born into it. [Applause] Hallelujah. You don't you you you you you cannot leave your family. You can even choose to walk on the street, but still you are a member of the family. You're a member. Amen. Exactly. Right. Amen. Amen. So it is time that they have to see Messiah. And the prophet said, listen in Leviticus 16, they refuse to see the sacrifice. And said Levitical 23, they will recognize him and then they will like the days of Joseph when Joseph revealed himself to his brothers. That is exactly what is going to happen very soon. Israel, they are going to weep. Amen. Now Job, why did Job suffer that kind of terrible test? Brother, the prophet said all the friends of Job, they thought Job has sin secretly. But every child of God must be tested and tri. That is God's training. Amen. But he will come to a place to where he will call being tempted of the Lord. But I will use the word being tested. You are not tempted. Every son that cometh to God must first be tested and tri. Amen. So James said James 1:12 he said blessed is the man that endureth temptation for when he is tri shall receive the crown of life which the Lord has promised to them that love him. Yes. So the prophet said when you are trial is a favor in the message victory day brother said when you are trial God is showing favor. Oh brother Thomas when I am in problem yes it's a favor. Because God he has confidence in you. Hallelujah. Exactly right. Amen. And I want you to notice that the confident that God has in a believer. In other words, God said, Satan, have you considered my servant Job? Why God has such confidence in Job until he told Satan, he put his bet on him. He said, "Hey my friend, you have succeeded. You have really oh made gains, but my servant Job, have you considered him?" Brother, Jesus is rejoicing. All the bread has failed. Right from the Garden of Eden, Israel failed. Pentecost failed. But today Jesus is saying, "Have you considered my bride?" Amen. Have you considered this end time bride that is going to bring perfection? That is going to bring the rapture. Friends, God is manful. Amen. Of this bride. Amen. Praise God. You understand? Yes, sir. When a man comes into contact with God and he's hooked to the promise of God, nothing can pull him apart. Nothing. Amen. That is why you here. Nothing can pull you from this message. If you are if if anything pulls you, it means you were incompatible to begin with. Praise the Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. That's why you have been pulled apart. When you see people being pulled apart, don't worry. The element of the magnet is not in them. It's not in them. That's why they pulling out. But if you have that magnet element in you, you'll be magnetized. Amen. Nothing can pull you away. It is time to know how to focus. Job, he was able to focus in. He found out that he has never done anything wrong. He examined his life. He examined his character. Everything was put on test. No, I never done anything wrong. You must know how to focus. Don't set your focus and look at your pastor. If you want to find fault, set you will see fault here. Focus your own life. Focus in and see your life. God. Yes sir. Yes sir. Focus in and see your own life. Not sit down and criticize people. Amen. If you want to criticize, you get a brother. If you come to church to criticize, you get a lot of things to criticize because that's why you are here. You came here to criticize. But if you came here to see Jesus, you will see Jesus. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. You must know how to focus in. That is exactly what Caleb did and the other 10 spires could not do because he has heard the message. Moses told them that the Lord will send a messenger before us. The angel of the Lord will lead us to the promised land and he will be a pillar of fire in the night and a pillar of cloud in the day. That was the message. So Caleb kept his focus set right and the pillar of fire was always in the view. He could see him. Yes, brother. If you know how to focus, focus in. You will see Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. That's right. Amen. Praise God. Now, search the scriptures that is John 5:39. For in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they that testify of me, and he will not come that he might have life. They were quoting the scripture. They were quoting Moses to Joseph. Moses said, Moses said like today people are quoting a prophet. Prophet said, prophet said, yes, you can continue to quote. But I want to tell you, you have to know Jesus. Amen. You have to know Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. When a man or woman get into position where their soul, their thinking, their attitude will be perfect in the sight of God. That will be the most powerful church that ever existed. Entise in spirit. Now all things ought to be considered prayerfully. seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these other things will be added. I am positive sure this evening it was morning this evening if men and women could only get into the position of where their soul their thinking their attitude will be perfect in the sight of God that will be one of the most powerful churches that ever existed. Yes sir. Amen. That's where we need to come to. Amen. You understand? Prophet said God gives you a gift. He did not give you a gift for commercial purposes. Amen. Some people were look Abraham there is a treasure. We know you're a prophet. You can show a wedding. He said God did not give me the gift for commercial purposes. Yes, I know where it is. Amen. He said check your motive. and your objective. If your motive is right and your objectives is right, then God is obligated to do it. But most of us, our objectives is not right. Our motive is not right. God. Amen. Every child must hol steadily unto faith, confessing and anchor his faith in God's spoken word. Nothing will block his desires. Nothing. If you can really confess and then stand on your confession, nothing, brother, can pull you around. Hebrews 3:6, "But Christ as a son over his own house, whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope, firm unto the end." Yes. Hold it. Amen, sir. Firm unto the end. Yes, sir. Hebrews 10:23, "Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering, for he is faithful that made a promise, and let us consider one another to provoke and to love and to do a good works, not forsaking the assembly of ourselves, as the manner of some, but exalting one another as much as more as we see the day approaching." But people choose to stay at home, let them stay at home. No brother say how can you be a Christian and you not go where Christians are fellowship how can you do that right brother and moreover if everyone of age you know what God has called you for what is sitting in you Job his gift was for the people your gift is not for yourself your gift is for the church amen Amen. That's the truth. Amen. Maybe probably you don't know your gift. Go on your knees. Yes sir. Hallelujah. And know why you are in this church. You are here as an asset, not a liability. That people will really get some benefit from you to edify the body of Christ. That's why we're here. Hallelujah. Your pastor will not he has a responsibility. He will come here and preach the word. You have a responsibility. You have to stay here and see vision. You have a resp you have to prophesy. You have a You have a responsibility. But it look like we are not committed. We are not serious. Many things has taken the president. Many many things. Wow. My Lordise. You understand? Yes sir. Now the channels of communication. Job opened the channels. Brother said he opened the channels of communication by inspiration. He understood how to empty out for God to come in. When you can do that, then God has the right of way to prove his word. Job was able to cleanse the channels. He said Lord he open the channels and God comes in his friends his wife reboke him. Why it is enough Job? It is time to curse God. It is time to speak against God and then you go you die. Sometimes you our wives may God have mercy on you. Let us tell you frank frankly sometime you pull us you pull us down. You must help the man. You must help your husband. You should not be an impended. You should not be a problem. Be part say you the woman you are building the family. When you go to a house and the children are spoiled, it is you the woman first. My Lord, that's what the prophet said. And it's true. The baby, he stayed in your birth 9 months. He knows you better than me. That's right. That's right, brother. You gave the baby breast. He knows you. While he was breastfeeding, he was looking at you. He He did not look at me. You truth. So Job understood how to get himself out of the channel and allow God to operate. And he did it. And when he did it, he was always confident that oh my friends, I have never sinned. Your opinion might be right, but I've checked my life. There is nothing wrong with me. when it is revealed to you like Simon when it was revealed to him that he is going to see the Lord's Christ brother he was testifying an old man I am not going to die you we are giving you where we you supposed to die you this old man said no I will never die until I see the Lord's Christ when it is revealed to you and then you know that you have heard but you have to See, nothing can stop you. That is Simon, he heard that Christ will be born. Yes, sir. But God said you will see him before you depart. Yes sir. Praise God. It is important for us to come to a place of seeing not hearing. It is it is harder. It is time for us to really evacuate that place of hearing and let us come to seeing. Yes sir. Amen. Simon, there were many uh women that brought their children for dedication. But the Holy Ghost will always is precise. Holy Ghost will never miss it. True. Simon walk. Simon, stand up. The old man walking through the congregation, they said, "Where are you going?" The Lord's Christ is right here. Amen. Amen. He pass said he passed many ladies that were holding their babies. But when he got to marry, the Holy Ghost stop stop because he could not could identify who is that one. There were many babies. Amen. But the Holy Ghost, Amen. stop him. And he got the baby on his hand. Hallelujah. He said, "My eyes have seen the salvation of Israel." Hallelujah. Not hearing now. His eyes have seen. We have to come to that place. Amen. Amen. Amen. Job had a gift and the people from the east and west they all came and Job the inspiration he has to really use the gift on the people because the gift was not for him it was for the people and God used it preside perfectly and the people rejoice. So when they see his adversity and calamities, ah what has happened to this man? God was training his son. Job want waited for inspiration. He waited for inspiration what he could say to his so-called comforters who had accused him as a secret sinner. At that time the channels were made ready for inspiration from God. And when it struck Job, he said, "I know my redeemer liveth." Amen. Friends, he waited for that channel. He waited for that inspiration. And when his eyes were open, he saw the just one. Praise God. He saw the resurrection. He saw Jesus. His eyes saw him. He said, "I know my redeemer liveth." Hallelujah. When inspiration hits you, brother. Praise God. You speak under inspiration. Amen. Job spoke it. The people could not understand what he's talking about. But he saw the just one. He saw the resurrection. and said, "Lord, I've been hearing all these years. I've been hearing of you by the hearing of the ear. But now my eyes have seen you. And I am confident even if this skin rot, if my skin won't destroy this body, I am confident Lord that I will stand in your presence." Amen. When that inspiration hit you brother, that is why we don't care. Let them denote their atomic wealth for whatever they want to do. We are fearless. Amen. We are fearless. Praise God. Because we have the power of God in our God has pack us with his power. Fear not. Amen. Whatever he run, whatever you American, you are your pope. You have got a pope now. Whatever he's going to do. Yes brother. We don't care. It is scripture our prophet has told us. He has fortold us. Hallelujah. Amen. And it has fulfilled. Amen. Our eyes have seen. Yes, sir. True. We were hearing but our eyes have seen. Amen. Amen. In all the trials of Job, God was pushing Job to the relatives from hearing to seeing. That was the the the journey that God was taking Job through for Job to see him. And when Job passed the test, oh my sister, you must also pass the test. God is pushing you to a a place that he can vindicate, prove himself to you. God that you can see him. Glory. Amen. Thank you. True faith is vindicated after it has been able to say through time crisis and challenges. If you say you have faith, faith must be tri. Faith must be tested. And before faith can emerge victorious, it must really pass through all this crisis. Glory to God. Yes sir. If you never face any crisis like Abraham said in the dispensation of the gentile dispensation, he said how can you say you have won a you are a hero without a battle. You never fought. You say you a hero. There may be a battle to fight. Right. Yes sir. So prepare to fight. Amen. Amen. When God engage you in a battle, you must rejoice. Amen. Rejoice when you come to the front line, that's where God is placing you in perfect faith. Think paragraph 177. He said, "Go move to the front line. Move to the front line. You are fearless. Don't look at the scarecrow. Don't look at that sickness. Don't look at that opposition." That's right. Look at what you have. Amen. Amen. Amen. When you have Jesus, you can move to the front line. My brother said, "Look at the face of Satan." I said, "Friend, my friend, you cannot let me disbelieve again. It's over." That's right. You can't let me disbelieve again. Amen. It's over. Glory. Cuz you know who is sitting in you. That day you shall know that I in the father, the father in me and I in you. That is where we have come to. Jesus in you the hope of glory. So if I want to see Jesus, I'll come to you and I will see Jesus. Amen. I am seeing Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let us not be hypocrites. Let us be genuine Christians. Amen. Amen. Ira D is preaching. He's not killing you. He's preaching. He wants to preach and then you must really listen to the voice of God to transform you into his likeness. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Job he came out victorious. His blessing was multiplied. And the God told his friends, "You are foolish guys. Take your bullets. Take your sheep, go to Calvary. Job was the calvary of that day. Go to Calvary. Go to Job for Job to make sacrifice for you guys. Because you guys has played a foolishness. Foolishness. May God have mercy on us. That's what brother is telling us that it is not you hearing hearing. It is you seeing it if you have come to a term of seeing God. You have to see him. It's good to read the Bible. It's good to read the message. It's good to listen to the message. Nobody is really saying that is not correct. You have to listen to the message. You have to hear the voice of the prophet. It's correct. But many people will listen to the voice but they don't have Jesus. Many people who play the t they don't have Jesus. Many people have agapo they don't have Jesus. Amen. True brother. True. So friends what is important? There will be an old lady and all he she doesn't know ABCD. He never even done any press and play. But she have Jesus. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Praise God. Jesus. He has seen Jesus. Class, he has walked with Jesus. He has at with Jesus. He has seen all the manner how Jesus conducted himself. But after his death he has foretold them when it is third day you guys should go to Galilee on the third day I have told you go to Galilee that's where you will see me but what business do they have to go to Amayos why are you going to we are going the wrong direction right that is why we have all these problems we We are moving the wrong direction. Friends, let us come in line. Yes, sir. Amen. But Bra said they were doing the right thing. They were talking about Jesus. Anytime you talk about Jesus, he will appear. That's right. Amen. So talk about Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. We have come to the I stage. Listen to the prophecy here. Christ is revealed in his own word. Can you put that for us? 65 tape number 0822. 0822. 65. 082. Paragraph 77. You see down through the age. We started off from the foundation from the first church age when the seed went in the ground. The complete seed then it come out through the feet Luther come back out then through Wesley then into Pentecostas the tongue. Yes in the lips. Now it is in the eyes. We are no more in the lips. We are no more in the tongue. We are in the eyes. Prophetic Malachi 4. Hallelujah. And so forth. And now there is nothing else left for it to come but himself to step into that because that is the last thing there is. Not in tongue, not in mouth. We are in the eyes. Amen. We have come to the eye stage. We have to see him. Class and his friend. They were talking about Jesus. And Jesus just walk. And then he started to journey with these guys. What is going on? They told Jesus, probably you, you don't know. Are you a stranger? Jesus Christ opened the scripture. Even from Genesis, he expanded. He preached and preached and preached and preach. They heard it. They heard it. They heard it. They said, "Master, we don't understand. We don't understand. You can preach, but we don't understand." Because Abraham is dead. Jacob is dead. Isaac is dead. Jesus is dead. That is it. It's finished. But our sisters come from the grave. They say he's alive. Brother, my friend, we can't take that. We can't take that. We can't take it. Say really friends. But when they got to Amaz said Jesus behaved like he wanted to go, but they constrain him. Now, master, you cannot do that. It is evening time. Anytime you come to evening time, you must expect something special. Yes sir. That is why the revelation is bust open at this evening time. Truth. They set the bread on the table. This stranger did not allow the house owners to bless the bread. But the stranger picked the bread and he bless it. That's right. And he broke it in a very special way. When he broke it in that special way that he has been breaking it before the the crucifixion, they recognize him. Sirmen. Exactly right, brother. He said we were hearing of him on the road, but our eyes have seen him. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. When your eyes see him, you'll be highly convinced. They run to Peter. Peter, we have found him. We have seen him. What the sisters are talking about is the truth. We have also seen him. Brother said when it comes to the court when they are calling somebody to testify you cannot go to the court and then they call you as a witness and say I heard it. Oh judge I heard. You heard. Who told you? Oh somebody. Why don't you bring the person that told you? Amen. You are not a good witness. Amen. They say step aside. If somebody told you you didn't need you here. But let the person come and say I saw it. I was there. I was there when the event happened. You are a witness. Testify. Tell us what happened. That is where we have come to. We know. We have heard this message. We have heard Malachi 4. We have heard Luke 17 30. But today we know Jesus. We have seen him. Amen. We have seen the manifestation. Hallelujah. We were to see Messiah. Abraham said the Gentiles it was not your day but this is your day to see Messiah. Amen. Israel they got their part. They saw Messiah. Samaria. Samaritans they saw Messiah but we were not privileged. Abraham said this is our day to see Messiah. That's why Abraham has to turn his back and say Gentiles bride you are receiving your last sign. Why? He was a man. But we were seeing Jesus. That was Jesus manifested in flesh. Yes. You have to understand the characters that really saw Jesus. Abraham, he heard about God. God has spoken to him. He knows the voice of God. But when Abraham attained 99, God said, Abraham, you have been hearing of me for all these years, but you will see your last sign. I will give you the last sign. But you must circumcise. 99 circumcise, brother. If you want to see Jesus, you need circumcision. Hallelujah. You have to circumcise before you see your last sign. You have to be circumcised. The Holy Ghost has to circumcise your heart. We need a fire of God to cut our hearts to cut all the hangings. All those stuff that is hanging on us when things last. We still have to carry on. We carry all this stuff along. Brother, it is time to cut them off. Amen. Praise God. May God help us in the midst of the church and this condition problem say many people they they they say they have their right. You Americans Africa we beat our children you don't have your right but you have your right but the prophet said you must forfeit that right. Sometimes that right will take you to hell. It's not good. Forfeited. He said look at the lamb. The lamb the wool belongs to him. It is his own. But when the lamb has got the wool, you see that say it is a hanging. It can't work. When you throw him on the table and then you share, you cut it, you cut it, he will lie down very calm for you to cut. After you cut it all, you throw this lamp off. See that he will jump. Oh, I am free. I am free. Glory. Amen. Yes. That was supposed to be done. My God. That's right. We have to use the sword the way the go to cut you to cut all the hangings. Not that your pastor hate you but he will he has to put you in the kingdom of God. That is his job. We are not here I'm sorry to take your money. We are here to put your soul in the kingdom of God. All right. So when we are cutting you don't cry. allow us to cut you because we want to put you in your appropriate place. Yes, sir. Abraham saw him. He said after circumcision then God told him Abraham a year like this just 28 circle of woman ask Sarah what has happened at the time of life. See how the Bible at the time of at time of life is with the woman 28 days circle ask your wife. So Abraham and Sarah we have counted 28 days. What has happened to you? Say my lord something has happened. I'm changed. I'm carrying the seed. Hallelujah. Abraham saw God in human flesh. He was hearing of him but that day he saw God. Amen. And that is what produced Isaac. Abraham said we have come to the same place Isaac is coming. So that is why we have to see the promised son coming. We have to see Messiah manifested before our eyes. That's why we have got our last sign. We have seen a lot. Nothing, nobody can deceive this bride. Brother, we are really convinced about what we have seen. Now listen, Moses was also reading the scripture. He read that Abraham made a covenant with God. And God told him that 400 years after I will stretch my hand and bring your seed, your people to the promised land. Moses read it. He heard it. He read it. But one day when he made effort to deliver Israel by his own strength, Abraham said in the message prisoner, he said all Moses achievement was to kill only one man. Only one stinking man behind. He achieved in killing one man. Brother, what has been your achievement? But when he made a pillar of fire, hallelujah. You can break with your achievement. I did that. I But I tell you, if you have never made a pillar of fire, your achievement has got nothing to do. You have to come face to face with God. And when Moses came face to face with God change God said, "What is in your hand?" He said, "I just have a stick." What do you have in your hand? I have a speck of faith like this. It's enough, brother. You don't need faith like this. It's enough. Yes sir. Amen. Because that seed is a mustard seed cannot be mixed. You can't mix it with anything. Amen. So it is enough. Amen. Because let us close all these windows and doors and let thick darkness come to this room. Come with just a speck of light. Small light like this. It will defeat darkness here. Amen. Amen. You don't need a big light. Amen. If the Holy Ghost is sitting in you, it will push darkness away. That's what the Bible say. Arise and shine. Your light is come. Amen. That's right. Your light is come. It is time for us to see Jesus. If we all come to that place, I see Jesus, you see Jesus, there will be no fight. We will stop fighting. the truth. We stop accusations. We stop hatred. Cuz we have seen Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Moses dropped the stick. He dropped it. Abraham said when he dropped it from his son, it was no more Moses stick again. It wasn't Moses rod again. It became God's rod. When you drop yourself at the feet of Jesus, it is not you again. Jesus possess you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Take the stick. He took it. Moses, it is not your rod. This is my judgment rod. By this rod, you are going to judge Egypt. This road friends he was hearing he was reading the message but he saw the pillar of fire. Abraham said in Christ re Christ revealed he said what Moses lack was in the pillar of fire. What you lack is in the upper room. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Friends, you must wait until you receive the Holy Ghost. We must hold the horns at the altar and say, "Lord, we are not moving. We are not even moving an inch. Until we receive the Holy Ghost, people are not desperate. People are not hungry. People are just they think that we can go in like this. We cannot go in like this. We must be filled with the Holy Ghost. You're exactly right, friends. When Israeli talking when Israel was ready to move, they did not come to talk about a message. It was a time of application. Yes sir. Apply the token. Apply the token. Apply the token. But blah blah say that is where the bread we have come to. Brother, it is not time to talk about the message and fight. When we want to talk about this way, we will fight. But apply the token. This is the time to apply the token. It's token application. Amen. Amen. When we all are playing the token and we know that we are moving out from here, then we will pack our stuff. Israel the midnight cry said when they got to the midnight cry they packed their stuff it is time to pack friends we are moving out we have heard the voice of our bridegroom he's screaming come up here he's calling us it is time to move out from here Peter when you are strengthened when you are converted help your bre Peter has walked with Jesus. Peter has drew a sword. Peter has cut an ear. He has done everything. But Jesus told them, "My friend, you are not yet converted. But go to upper room, wait in Jerusalem." And when the pillar of fire descended, Peter did not see flesh. He did not see Jesus in flesh. He saw Jesus in the pillar of fire. I tell you Jesus in flesh will not help you. We need Jesus in the spirit. That's what Jesus told him. It's expedient for you that I go. When I go, I will drop this flesh. This flesh will not help you here. I'll drop it and I will come naked fire. And when he descended in the upper room, the pillar of earth stood right there. Peter saw him. He saw Jesus in fire. Said, I was seeing you in flesh. But now my I see you in the spirit. And he broke himself, parted himself, my friend. And each one of them got a part of God. And when they got down, things changed. They were dead. They have been resurrected. Amen. By the power of God. And they were in harmony, my friend. That is the early church harmony. They were able to really come together to propagate, to preach the message. Amen. They sold all what they have. Sometime even if you are paying tithe, it pains you. Unless maybe you Americans, maybe they take it source from your salary. I don't know. But some people when they are paying ties, it is it is a a big problem. Friends, let us really understand that we are moving out from here. If you want to invest, invest in the kingdom of God. We are closing. The Queen of Sheba, what did he say? First Kings 10:6, and she said to the king, "It was a true report that I heard in my own land of the acts and of thy wisdom. How be it, I believe not the worst, until I came, and my eyes had seen it. And behold, the half was not told me thy wisdom and prosperity, exceeded the fame which I heard. Happy are thy men. Happy are these thy servant who stand continually before thee and hear thy wisdom. First Kings 10 6 and 8. The queen of Sheba I was hearing when they are coming from Palestine I ask them and they tell me the wonderful things that is going on that God has come to live in a man. Solomon said the one said I brought gold, I brought silver, I brought many things. I've come to see if it is true, I will support it. If it is not true, I'll go with my gift. You are here. Have you seen the manifestation of God? Did you bring any gift here? The Holy Ghost is in you. Is your gift. Bring that gift to support the work of God here. We need your gift. Amen. Amen. And this queen of Sheba he said my I was hearing but now my eyes have seen. That is where we have come to. Amen. Paul was hearing that Peter and the the rest they were preaching Jesus Christ, but he was a very strong opponent against the name of Jesus Christ. Guys, you can preach but please please don't mention the name of Jesus Christ for preaching. You have every liberty you can preach. But the name of Jesus, please don't mention it again. That is all what Paul was out there for. He was persecuting the people that were calling the name of Jesus. And when you read Galatia, Paul said, among my cos, my nobody's too tall like me, Paul, when it come to persecution, I was number one. friends. He had an authority note. So he was singing and rejoicing. Oh Lord, you know I am jealous about you. These guys in Damascus, I'm going to deal with them. They are calling the name of Jesus. I'm going to deal with them. But in the middle of the road, the pillar of fire strike him. And Paul said, "No, this fire is the Lord." Said, "Lord, are you happy with my mission? Are you happy of what I'm going to do?" Said, "Paul, why persecute me?" Things change. He was hearing, but Paul saw him. Agria, I can never be disobedient. My eyes have seen him. It is not somebody told me and said Paul did not go to the high priest and then consult the high pri what do you make of that? I met a fire and the fire fire strike me and the fire was really it was so powerful that even the midday night a light could not shine that. So, high priest, what do you make of that? Paul did not consult. He said, I did not consult flesh and blood. He don't need any consultation. If you are convinced that you have met with Jesus, whom are you going to consult? Amen. He was convinced. And when you read the book of Acts said right away after Ananas prayed for him and he was baptized and they gave him, he stood up and he preached Christ. Amen. Preach Christ. Isn't it the same Saul that is persecuting people that are calling on this name? Say yes I am the same soul. The my eyes are open. Amen. When your eyes get open brother you will see differently. Amen. People will not understand you. Amen. Your wife will not understand you. Your husband will not understand you. Why? Your eyes are open. You see differently. Are you ready to pray? Our eyes have seen him. We were hearing of him, but now we see. Look at Gideon. When Gideon, God called him, Gideon, you are a man of valor. You a man that can really save Israel. Say if God be with us, where are the miracles? God said, "Gideon, you do it." Then Gideon, he saw the angel of God. He says, "Stay right there on the rock. I want to bring sacrifice." Gideon brought his sacrifice. He put the the the sheep and everything stuff on the rock. And the angel used his staff, touched the sacrifice. And fire came from the rock to consume the sacrifice. Sister, lay yourself on that rock. There is fire to consume you. Lay yourself on the rock of ages. Fire will come and consume you. So when the fire consumed the sacrifice, then Gideon said, "A last, I will die. My eyes have seen the Lord." But angel said, "You will not die." Kid, I was hearing of you, but my eyes have seen you. Are you ready to see God? Jesus is right here. You are his habitation. He's living in you. I don't need to go struggle to see Jesus. That is Jesus. Here we are going to pray. I've been hearing of you, but my eyes see you. Let us leave the the error of hearing. Move to the stage of seeing. It will change everything. Brother, let everyone go into his presence. Brother Bran said we are going to pull. If you have really got your policy, we are going to withdraw our dividends. If your policy is a right policy, just fall at the feet of Jesus. Say, Lord, look at my policy. I have invested in this business. It is time to draw my dividend. This is your day. Talk to Jesus. Lord, I have been hearing of you, but my eyes have seen you. The atmosphere is changed. When you come to the stage of seeing is is in the different atmosphere, the phenomena changes. You see Jesus, your testimony will change. Your faith will be anchored. We love Jesus. We must love him. and did I'm going to pray if there is anyone that want to come into contact face to face with Jesus you can be on your fa feet and say Lord I am standing on my feet why don't you be on your feet while I pray for you that Lord I've been hearing but it is Enough. It is enough with me. I want to see Jesus. Heavenly Father, the hour has come. That is your prayer on that faithful day. You said, "Father, the hour has come. Glorify your son." Lord, we have come to the hour. We need the glorification of God. We want to see Jesus personalized. We want to see you face to face. Father, we thank you for the message of the hour. We thank you for Malachi 4. We thank you for the prophet message. Father, thank you that Lord, we have been hook on by this revelation. Your people almost we are all on our feet. Father, we want to see Jesus. Father, grant our petition. You know our heart desire. We are hungry for God. Father, fill our heart with joy. Fill our heart with testimonies. Let our attitude change. When we come to see you face to face like this, Father, our story will change. Father, bless this congregation. Bless my friend Dav for the opportunity to preach in this church. Father, may your people go with this assurance that we have been hearing of him but now our eyes have seen him. Thank you father for this manifestation in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] We thank the Lord for his word. Uh tonight I've heard, but now I see. Amen. I appreciate brother um Thomas. Amen. for stopping by to just minister to our hearts and and and truly amen when we just think about all that God has done for us in this hour by sending us a prophet and um you know just opening our eyes that we can understand these things uh it's beautiful just even the way he kind of comb through all the scriptures the different ones that their eyes uh came open those brothers on the road to me as Paul you know uh different ones they had experiences where their eyes came open and we've also experienced that same Amen. man thing. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Amen. I know um um we have a certain time that we have to be out. So, I'm have to just have a closing word of prayer. Uh we won't do our testimonies tonight. If you have anything, certainly save it for next week. Uh but we'll um we'll be back on Sunday morning uh at um at 10:30 for service, but 9 9:00 for prayer, 9:30 for Sunday school. Uh we'll be here. Amen. and uh expecting God to meet us once again. Let's have a word of prayer as we prepare to dismiss tonight. Father, we thank you for your word that has come uh to us. We uh just appreciate your servant, Lord, just getting himself out of the way that you could use them uh to speak to us. And God, as we just come through the scriptures, we could see ourselves. And there's a time where we we did not know. We we heard some things but God when uh become reality because we got the chance to see it ourselves. We see it in the scripture for ourselves. We know it's the truth. Oh God, you've opened our eyes of understanding and Lord, we're grateful that you did that just for us. We pray your blessings upon your servant, God, as you just continue to use him while he's here in this country and uh all the various churches that you'll send them to. God, we pray that uh the doors will be open and that you would use them, Father, just to be a blessing to the people. Bless the saints back in Ghana. Uh just ask, oh God, that you would uh give them traveling mercies when he uh returns home. And God, as we leave this place, but not your presence tonight where we go, uh Lord, and give us traveling mercies to just to get to our destination safely uh to come back again on Sunday morning. Uh Father, just ready for you to move uh once again. We thank you for your mighty presence. Uh just thank you for Lord just what you're doing in our midst. You you're proving yourself over and over again. We love you, Father. I want to uh also commit brother uh brother Jerry and brother Maris into your hands as they travel this weekend. God give them traveling mercies. I believe brother Smiley be out speaking uh uh this weekend. Bless him, Father, in his um uh as he goes forth in ministry. Use him for your glory, Father, is our prayer. And I just ask Lord Jesus that you would just get glory and honor from all that we do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. You can be seated. Um brothers will come at this time to dismiss you. Brothers will quickly have to break down. Uh so let's do that. Um we will be back on Sunday morning. God richly bless you. Amen. [Music] Hey.
