################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Prayer has GPS - Bro Crosby Maliko (04-13-2025) - Crosby Maliko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    Prayer has GPS - Bro Crosby Maliko (04-13-2025)
Speaker:  Crosby Maliko
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4taHFq61EjE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] to me. Bear my burden soul found in merry and count for mercy there. [Music] Oh, and grace was free. And there was more to life to me. Bear my burden soul bound in mer and count for sing I spit in and pride caring not my Lord crucified knowing that it was for me. He died for mercy there. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Oh my go My bird is over [Music] and [Music] [Music] worth to [Music] My bird sary. [Music] [Music] Night of Calary. I should have been dead and gone. Calary is free and shame. Oh, yes. [Music] [Music] Cal. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. It's good to see each one of you. Amen. Let's open our Bibles to Matthew chapter 28. Amen. I had another scripture in my heart. I saw the little thing that the Sunday school students did back in the back. And then Hadassa came out on a song at Calvary. I just want to read something that you probably never really caught in the scripture. Matthew 28, it says, "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the septic. And behold, there was a great earthquake. For the angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon it. His countenance was like lightning and his raignment white as snow. And for fear for and for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not ye, for I know that ye seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here, for he is risen as he said. Come and see the place where the Lord lay, and go quickly and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth before you into Galilee. There shall ye see him, lo, I have told you. And they departed quickly from the supplr with fear and great joy, and did run to bring the his disciples word. And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, "All hell." And they came and held him by the feet and worshiped him. And Jesus said unto them, "Be not afraid. Go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me." Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and showed unto the chief priests all the things that were done. And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers, saying, Say ye, his disciples, came by night, and stole him away while we slept. And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him and secure you. Now, if the soldiers fall asleep on duty, they are put to death. they will be put to death. But these governors, but these uh church people are saying, "Say ye his disciples came by night and stole him away while we slept. And if this comes to the governor's ears, we will persuade him and secure you." So they took the money and did as they were taught. And this saying is comely reported among the Jews until this day. Amen. And this is the one scripture where a lie proved the resurrection. They knew it was a lie. They knew that Jesus rose. But this was put in the scripture so that the believers will know that even Satan when he's lying, he can prove the resurrection. I'm so glad to be serving a God that has control over devil and even in the devil's lives he can prove amen that Jesus Christ lives. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our hearts quickly in a word of prayer. Father God, it's so good to be back in your presence, Lord, in this resurrection season, Lord Jesus, when the flowers begin to bloom, Lord, and the birds are singing, Lord God. And Father, for the Jews, it's Jubilee time, Lord. Lord, it's a time of release, Lord. And Father God, we're so grateful, Lord God, for the many wonderful things that happens in the month of April, Lord. Now, Father, we pray just pray, Lord, that you'll send forth, Lord, today, the former and latter rain together. Shower us, Lord, with the Holy Ghost and shower us with the teaching of your word, Lord Jesus. Anoint your servant this morning to minister the word of life to this people. Oh Lord, bless every hearer of the word, every believer, and every doer of the word. Father, we've come, Lord, to bathe in your presence, to draw closer to you and to be more like you, Lord. So, we just ask, Father God, that you have complete preeminence in this service. Use every yielded vessel, Lord, for your great name's sake. Bless our brothers and sisters who are still coming, Lord. Grant traveling mercies to them. Keep them while they're coming. Bless our brothers and sisters that could not be here and those that are listening in. Father God, anoint them where they are. Fill their homes, their cars, their jobs, Lord, with your presence, Lord. move and brood upon your people, Lord, that your will may be fulfilled in our lives. And the purpose that you have for each one of us will be accomplished. Be with our pastor where he is. Bless him and the saints there, Lord. We give you praise, honor, and glory. It's in Jesus Christ, precious. In the holy name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to see Brother Frank and brother Sam in the house of the Lord this morning. Praise the Lord. I pray that y'all got your your pipes or give us a special in a little in a in a in a few seconds. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. In the presence of Jehovah. Amen. Let's worship the Lord a little bit. his eyes of Jehovah God. [Music] Oh [Music] tr [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Jehovah God. Oh your praise. Come on. One more time singing your [Music] praises I don't [Music] mind. He's my praise of peace. All the trles of [Music] me in the presence is the king Son of the King in your [Music] presence of [Music] Jehovah. God Almighty. He's my prince of peace. He's my prince of peace. day is in his presence. Father King who is like you Lord in [Music] all naturous love and beauty in this world. Nothing in this world is satisfied cuz Jesus you're the [Music] me say your presence oh your presence is heaven to me. Come on. Second verse. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. Oh. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness. In my weakness. You are mercy. My past [Music] present my future. Come on, help me sing. Lord, your presence is heaven. To me, there's nothing like your presence. No say your presence is heaven to me. Oh Lord, your presence, all your presence is heaven to me. Oh to me there nothing like your [Applause] presence. Say your presence is heaven. To me, to me, to me. So, we'll sing it. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus, say your presence. sing. Oh [Music] Jesus, your presence is heaven. Sing now. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Your presence. Your presence. Your presence. Lord. Your presence. Your presence to me. All my days on earth will wait. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus, you're the cup that won't run. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Lord, your presence is heaven to me. There nothing like your presence. Oh, your [Music] presence is heaven. Oh sing. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Your presence. Sing now. Oh Jesus. Your presence is given to me. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] We cannot be the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, we got the power. Say we got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raises, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name. We've got the power. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. We got the power. In the name of the Lord, those savior raes, we will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of We got the power. It's his name. [Music] God the power in the name of the Lord. So say the angels we will not be defeated. We got the power. Hallelujah. Can we sing it one more time together? Oh we got the power. Hey, in the name of Jesus, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Those angels, we will not be. We've got the power. One more time. We got the power. It's in his name. We got the [Applause] [Music] power in the name of our ses. [Music] We will not be those saint raes. We will not be [Applause] [Music] defeated. We will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You are the chosen generation. Amen. That God want to give more than a double portion to. Amen. You're fighting Satan on his own Eden. Amen. Every other age had a closed book. We are fighting Satan with an open book. So the power that they had back in the book of Acts should be multiplied. Satan has been unveiled. But God has been inve un unveiled as well. Amen. So we got the power to do what we will to Satan. We just got to enforce God's word upon him. Amen. You all may have your seats. Amen. We're going to invite sister Michelle to come at this time. Praise the [Music] Lord. And then we invite either brother Sam or brother Frank to come or both of them at the same time. It don't matter. Whatever you got, brothers. God richly bless you both. God bless you, sister. Praise the Lord. We've come this far by [Music] faith, leaning on the Lord. Oh, trusting in his holy word. For I know he's never he's never failed me. Yeah. Oh, we come this far by faith. Lean it all. Lean it on the Lord. Father, we're trusting, trusting in his holy word. For I know he's never failed me. That's why we sing. Oh. Oh. Can't turn around. We come this far by faith. Oh, we've come this far by faith. Lead it all. Lead it all. the Lord. Yes. I'm trusting trusting in his holy word. For I know he never he never fail me. That's why I say, [Music] "Oh, oh, I can't turn around. I've come this far by faith. I will trust in the Lord. And I will trust in the Lord. I know I will trust in the Lord. until I die. Oh, I will run. Yes, I will. Oh, I will trust him. Yes, I will. I will trust in the Lord. Oh, till I die. I I remember my story. I remember I treated everybody right. Now I understand. I'm going to treat everybody right. Yes. I'm going to treat it every until I die. And I I'm right. Oh, I want to treat it. [Music] Everybody Everybody I die. I'm going to stay on the battle. [Music] [Music] I'm going to say I'm going to Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's no giving up in the bride. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you, Sister Michelle. We truly appreciate it. Especially Amen, brothers. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] May God bless you church. So happy to be here this morning and bringing you the greetings from brother Azia Brooks our pastor. Amen. [Music] The trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. When I was on the verge of giving over, the strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Jesus is a reality. Oh, something is holy. One more time. Something is holy. Oh, every day I see. Oh, he's me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, he's got me constantly giving me victory. Oh, he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan laid before me is temptation of his desire to steal my faith away. But I have found inside the revelation the strength I need to carry in his grace. Oh Jesus keeps holding me every day. I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trial is guiding me [Music] constantly giving me victory is a reality cuz Jesus keeps Jesus Jesus Jesus This morning you holding me every day. I see how to overcome my [Music] trius the reality. Jesus keeps holding. One more time. Sing Jesus. Jesus keeps holding me. Keep holding me every day. each and every day. Oh to overcome my [Music] tri for a reality cuz Jesus is holding me. Oh, he's a reality cuz Jesus keeps hold. Oh, is he a reality for you this morning? Shame. He's a reality. Jesus. One more time. See, he's a reality. Oh, he's a reality. Jesus keeps holy. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you have a God that just won't let go? Amen. I'm just picturing in my mind if you were hanging from a mountain and the Lord was holding on to you, he could not fail. There's no way you could ever fall down because Jesus would never let go. Amen. God bless you, Brother Sam. Brother Frank, we really appreciate. Amen. The Lord using you this morning. Amen. The Lord is good. The Lord is good. Amen. I uh we don't have any written prayer requests. Amen. But continue to pray for Sister Dixon. Amen. our brothers and sisters that could not be here for whatever reason. You want to keep them. Pray for all of our ministering brothers. Amen. They preach the word and then they not only do they fight in the pull pit, they fight when they get off. Amen. So, we definitely want to keep them in prayer. Amen. Keep one another in prayer at all times. We want to cover one another in prayer. Amen. I have a give me the announcements. I have a announcement from Sister Shondaanda. Says she would like to meet with both Sunday school classes after church for about 5 minutes. So young people don't run out. Sister Shauna would like to meet with you. We'll just meet back over in that corner. So as we break down, y'all can be over there. Amen. Praise the Lord. On Saturday be brother Quinton Junior's birthday. Praise the [Music] Lord. Amen. Q2 will be what? 22. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll continue to stream via Facebook. Uh you'll find us at SAT Tabernacle on the church's website, john423.org. We have sisters virtual prayer Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m. And then we also have communion and feet washing this Wednesday night at 7:30 p.m. And then on Friday, we have a um Good Friday service at 7:30 p.m. Amen. Then for our youth outing that's coming up, it'll be at Altitude Trampoline Park Saturday, May 10th. The time will be determined later. We'll we'll give you an update on that. Then as for our upcoming services, we have a special guest speaker Sunday, May 18th. It'll be Brother George Smith. A Amen. And then also uh Jesus Christ Tabernacle. They have their youth and family camp coming up June 5th through through June June 5th through June 8th. Registration ends May 8th. Go to jectctamp.com. Then we have our meetings coming up in July. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Amen. That'll be the theme of uh of the meetings. Um it'll be July 25th through July 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens. Amen. For our giving, there's a wooden box in the back. You can drop your giving in there as you prepare to leave. Um but online, we have three ways of giving. Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. We prefer that you use Zel because PayPal and Cash App, they take fees out and they have no business touching God's money. Praise the Lord. So we prefer that you use Zel. Uh the email address you would use for both Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. Cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t for those who desire to mail your giving. It's spirit spirit and truth tabernacle PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our heart and pray over our giving. Father, we thank you so much, Lord, for the grace that you have provided each one of us. Lord, we thank you for hearing ears, eyes that see, and a heart that believes your word, Lord. And Father, you have prepared the heart of your servant. And Lord Jesus, we just pray for Brother Malico just now, Lord. Father, that you'll move over him just now, Lord. Father, as he's meditating on his thoughts, Lord Jesus, may you anoint them aresh for him, Lord Jesus. Help him to get himself out of the way that you may use him, Father, this morning. Help this people, Lord God, to truly concentrate on you, oh Father. And as we hear the word, may we believe and receive your word and walk out, Lord, better people than when we enter into these gates. Father, we bless your name for the grace you have provided each one of us, Lord. And Father, we pray over the giving, Lord. Father with a as our brother was saying a cheerful heart Lord. We give Lord God freely Lord God because you gave to us. Help us to be better stewards in all things in every aspect of our lives Lord over that which you give to us that we may return it to you Lord with increase Lord. Bless the people Lord as they give. Lord Jesus bless them abundantly. Father we love you. We praise you and thank you. Ask that you continue to bless the remainder of the service. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Tina, will you come at this [Music] time? God bless. We walk in the light. It's a beautyful [Music] light. Come where the two drops of mercies shine bright. Oh shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus is the light of the world. Oh, we walk in the light of beauty light where I'm wearing shine. Oh sh around us and my but oh with Jesus he's the lighter. Yes, we will. He is such a beauty. Oh, where the [Music] children of [Music] mercy shine bright. Oh sh all around us and by oh Jesus he's the light of the world. Yes, we will fall in such a beautiful. Oh sh all around us. Shine all around us. Shine, shine, shine, shine, shine all around [Music] us. Oh, it's Jesus. It's Jesus. It's Jesus. Yes, it's Jesus. Oh, it's Jesus. Yes, it's Jesus. Yes, it's Jesus. Yes, it's Jesus. He's the light. He's the light. He's the light. He's the light. Oh, he walks with you. Yes, he talks with you. Yes, he tells you that his heart. Oh, is Jesus? Yes, it's Jesus. Oh, it's Jesus. Yes, it's Jesus. Oh, he holds you. Yes, he holds you. Yes, he holds you. Yes, he holds you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. Yes, he loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He's my keeper. He's my keeper. He's my keeper. He's my keeper. He's my healer. He's my hero. He's my healer. He's my hero. He bears my every word. Y'all just don't understand. He's the light of my life. He keeps me day by day. He walks with me. He talks with me. He's my all and all. He's everything to me. He's everything to me. He's everything to me. He's my He's my keeper. You're my keeper. You're my keeper. You're my keeper. Oh Jesus. He's the light of the world. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. And doesn't he mean everything to you? Hallelujah. God bless you, Sister Tina. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Will you all stand to your feet? Amen. Don't you feel his presence? Amen. He's so good to us. Amen. We're going to change the order of the service and and invite brother Maliko from the UK to the pull pit. So let's sing a little song. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. As our brother comes this morning. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, Praise the Lord. Very humbled to be here. Very grateful to brother Jack for such trust to allow me to preach in his absence. I pray by the grace of God I do not betray that trust. And how many has been praying for the service? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Uh shall we bow our heads and pray? Great God of heaven. Father, we come before you in the name of Jesus Christ. That all sufficient name that at the mention of that name the first time a dead baby came to life. How much more Lord as we submit our hearts unto you, how many other things can you resurrect in our lives as we speak that solemn name, the name of Jesus. Father, we pray that you might come into the preaching of the word and move us aside and anoint us correctly. Let the speaker and the hearer together be in the same frequency mode and be caught up in the heavenly places. Lord, we ask that you might have your way. Bless our pastor, brother Jack, his family, the church, the officers, the helps, the governments, and every believer. Lord, we plead your blood on this sacred morning that let the blood prevail in our lives. Almighty God, nothing but you should be seen so that Christ only can be glorified. We love you. We appreciate you and we ask that Lord you might help us in this needy hour. We avail ourselves and surrender our hearts unto you so that you might have the preeminences. We bless you in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. I greet you once again in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh I was uh battling between two thoughts on what to preach because it's my first time. And if you are nervous for me, I'm probably double nervous. Uh uh so while I was uh contemplating on what to preach uh there was a song that I walked in that was being sung and the brother that was singing made a comment afterwards. His comment was, "Aren't you glad you you have a God that can let go?" Who made that statement? Was it you? So that's the statement that's influenced our sermon today because you're always trying to look for something that makes you feel a little bit comfortable that you are in the right place at the right time. So based on that se that statement I'm going to preach a sermon I'll title prayer as GPS. Praise the Lord. Because his statement was, "Aren't you glad you serve a God that just can't let go?" Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Shall we turn to our verses first? Praise the Lord. It's there on the slides. Go back to the first. Uh there's the scriptures before I announce the title, but Amen. Uh special thanks to my precious brother Jack for that trust. Uh first time I met brother Jack is way back probably in 2010. and uh we promised we're going to sing a duet. Um that still hasn't happened yet. So I thought I was going to do it this weekend with him and I'm grateful to God he's not around because I don't know how that was going to come out, you know, because he's a profound singer and I'm the exact opposite. I'm in brother Brandham's choir. Praise the Lord. Uh allow me to read the scripture. 2 Chronicles uh verse 6, chapter 6 verse 18 to uh 21. Uh I hope I don't get confused cuz you all Americans. Everything is on steroids over here. Praise the Lord. You all choose to speak however and and I'm trying to I I I come from the Queen's English. So if I was here, I would have probably said, can we go to 2 Coronicles chapter 6 uh verse 18 through to 21? No, we don't say it like that. From chapter 6 from 18 to 21, not through to 21. So uh just so at least my English is a little bit funny. You understand? I'm learning. If you give me at least a month with American folks, I'll catch up. But right now, let's just do what we need to do to survive the day. So very, very grateful. I come with my wife. Praise the Lord. Sister Florence. So let's get straight into the word. Says, "But will God in every deed dwell with men on the earth?" That's a question. It says, "Behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee." How much less this house which I have built. Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant and to his supplication, oh Lord my God, to hear can unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee, that thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place thereof thou has said that thou wouldest put thy name there. to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth towards this place. Hearken therefore unto the supplication of thy servant and of thy people Israel which they shall pray towards this place. Hear thou from thy dwelling place even from heaven and when thou hearest forgive. Praise the Lord. May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his word. You may take the comfort of your seats. Special thank you to uh brother Simba uh and our daughter. Praise the Lord. Uh I don't know whether you call her sister Ruth or Roomi. We you call her both. Praise the Lord. So truly grateful. She's such a graceful mother. It's as if motherhood was invented for her. She just does it with such such panach and stroke that I almost felt like oh why was I a man? I would have been a type of a mother like her. Praise the Lord. So we thank God she's a girl. Uh rather I knew her from being a girl. Now she's a lady and a mother. I've known her pretty much all her life. And I'm so proud that she turned out to be that type of a mother. Praise the Lord. [Applause] I think brother Simba should go out of his way to celebrate Mother's Day. Praise the Lord. So allow me brothers and sisters to introduce this little topic called prayer has GPS according to the scripture that we've just read and taking from the cue from brother Smiley that aren't you glad you serve or have a God that can't let go. I came up. I had two sermons that I've been meditating upon and I was wondering which one would be befitting for me in this place until I heard that statement. Then I said, "Ah, my antenna caught that." So, I believe by the grace of God, the Holy Spirit has something in store for someone in this sermon. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh, I greet you once again in the name of the Lord. I come from Leicester, which is in England, in the Midlands. Uh hopefully as time goes by some of you will join us for fellowship when you make your trips to England. Praise the Lord. So allow me to take my text from uh Solomon's prayer that he prays at the dedication where the shakina glory came so profound until the ministers couldn't minister. And Solomon when he recognized the presence of the shakina glory, the presence of the Lord, the presence of the Holy Spirit, he made a perpetual prayer that will be used for generations to come. And that prayer was when God's people are in trouble wherever they are, if they look towards the temple, God should hear and forgive. Praise the Lord. In other words, Solomon kind of like had an inclination that God fills all time space. He is a global God. And therefore, because he's a global God, he must have access to know wherever you are as long as you pray towards the correct direction. So he says, "The heavens of the heavens cannot contain thee. Neither do I expect that this little house that I've built will be able to suffice. But I know if the people that are called by your name should find themselves in any challenge and they pray towards this building, you hear from heaven and forgive. In other words, if you were back in that day, praise the Lord, and you needed to travel and anticipate problems as they arise in humanity. If you came across anything that was unsavory or not practical or palatable to your life, if you prayed looking towards the temple, you were guaranteed an answer because Solomon's prayer would have to have a GPS because it was told if you prayed towards this temple. In other words, you couldn't pray to the direction you fancy because that direction might not have the results. But if it was a specific proper direction, God was obligated to meet the prayer that was made by Solomon in the temple. And we know we have a greater than Solomon. Praise the Lord. So it turns out, brothers and sisters, once upon a time there was a brother who decided to travel, praise the Lord, out of the will of God. Praise the Lord. And that brother when he traveled out of the will of God, I believe he must have made a prayer prior to his traveling that Lord, I know I'm supposed to go to Ninev, but the people of Ninev don't hear God good. I prefer rather to go to Tashish, but let your will be done. And as he prayed that prayer, he didn't realize that that prayer, praise the Lord, had logged on to the supernatural and a GPS was put into that prayer. So when it was time to locate the brother like the statement our brother said aren't you glad you serve a God who can't let go he thought that he would get away from God but God never lets you go somebody say amen to that to quantify my thought let's have this quotation praise the Lord in the message what here is thou 1959 brother Brandham says remember God is omnipresent Omnisient, omnipotent, infinite. The infinite God, omnipresent everywhere, omnisient, knows all things, all powerful, omnipotent. That's our God. The one that can let go like our brother said, that's our God. And he's here in the hospital with you just as same as you would be here at the church. If there is somebody in hospital who's wondering, I've missed church. Now, the God who's here in church is there in hospital. Praise the Lord. I give you to understand, brothers and sisters, this quotation kind of like resonates to me to show that this God who is omnipresent, omniscient, omnipotent, infinite. He knows every moment where you are and he's aware of every moment your challenge because he cannot have that kind of a power and not have the ability to deliver on it. And the quotation further on says you can't hide a saint from his prayer. In other words, brothers and sisters, this ain't a sermon for those that haven't had any prayers go there because there's nothing to follow you up. But if you've ever prayed sincerely and there is a time that God needs to locate you, your prayer will find you. According to that statement says you can't hide a saint from his prayer. I believe someone is saying, "Mr. Preacher, why don't you go behind the podium? I realize I'm so short you might not see me. Let me just hang out right here so that we read the quotation together." You all happy? I like to preach to a happy people. noise don't do any harm in the house of the Lord. If you're happy, say amen, somebody and watch that statement. It sounds like brother Brandham is just speaking, but there is depth to that statement. And that's the reason I'm preaching prayer. his GPS because he's already quantified that remember God is omnipresent, omniscient, omnipotent, om infinite, the infinite God, omnipresent everywhere, omniscient knows all things and all powerful. Yes, sir. Omnipotent. That's our God. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. And he's here in the hospital with you just the same as he would be here in the church. He's here with us just the same as he's with brother Jack wherever he's preaching because he's all powerful. He's all knowing. And then after making that profound statement then he says you can't hide a saint from his prayer. Amen. Amen. They throw one one time in the belly of a well and he went down to the bottom of the sea with wids wrapped around his neck. And then he repeats again, you can't hide a saint from his prayer. In other words, whatever Jonah prayed before he embarked on that journey, God logged it up and put the GPS to that prayer. And Jonah chose to go a different, like you all say in America, different route. As he went a different route, God says, "Aha, aha. I'm the God is omnipotent, omnipresent, omnisient, all powerful. I know all things. You think you are hiding right there on the sea to tashish." And right there, he says, "Okay, I locate you." Which means, brothers and sisters, prayer has global positioning. It don't matter where you are, brothers and sisters, prayer will find you. Somebody say amen to that. He turned around over, looked around, seen the well the wells belly everywhere, but he said, "They are all lying vanities." Look, look at this. Once more will I look to your holy temple, Lord. Now, how did he look to the holy temple when he was shut up in an encapsulated little vacuum of a well where there was no room? There were no windows. The last I checked in the belly of a well. But yet he says, "Let will I look to the to the direction of the temple." In other words, brothers and sisters, those three days and three nights, he prayed rolling around in there until he hit the correct direction. And when he hit that correct direction, somehow he knew that right here, I'll stay right here. There is a magnetic force in this prayer, in this direction, and I know my deliverance is coming. Brothers and sisters, there's times that you pray and it don't look like God don't hear your prayer. Let me tell you brothers and sisters, keep praying until you hit the right direction. There is a point that you reach and you know at this point I cannot be denied. I cannot be denied. When you get to that point of no denial, you know it's a matter of time but I'm out of this problem. Somebody say amen right there. I believe brothers and sisters as we are preaching right now somebody made a prayer that's about to be put a GPS to locate them according to this quotation that says you cannot hide a saint from his prayer believers thou this praise the Lord so Jonah becomes our case study of how God can locate a person any place anywhere as a global GPS means global positioning system as as we all know these days if I want to visit brother smiley he just has to send me he says brother crossby send me your location and I'm able to navigate to the brother just using technology he don't need to tell me take a left at Belvadier Boulevard go into Erica Boulevard when you hit certain no there there's no need for that he just says send your location and through the location I'm able to take the navigation right up to my brother and it will tell you you are within a few meters from the destination and when I arrive it tells me you have reached your destination and if technology knows how to do that if technology knows how to do that how much more God how much more God if ways knows how to correctly place you how much more the technology from the supernatural and if you're an adult and message believer the message says every natural achievement is a forerunner of every spiritual achievement. So it's high time our prayers hit the target because if and satnav is hitting the target to your destination there is no way you can pray for a destination and God not give it to you. Amen. Amen. It's more precise now than ever. Praise the Lord. So when brother made this statement, it gives us to understand that the statement that's being made is alluding to Jonah. Jonah had a tough assignment. The assignment was to go and preach in Nineveh. But he knew that the people of Nineveh resisted the word. And he knew the challenges that presented his ministry to Nineveh. And he chose a different route. Bought himself a ticket, paid. Praise the Lord. chose himself a good seat on his way to Tashish, but he forgot the prayer that he made before. And that prayer, God put a GPS to locate him. And as he was on his way in a in an in an ocean or a sea where there was vast amount of water, there is no street, there's no boulevard, God was able to cause a storm at the precise moment so that that storm can wake him up and jack him out of his slumber. Somebody say amen to that. When he got to that position, it turned out that he knew that I'm the one that's causing this dilemma. He had the instinct to say, "Throw me overboard." Now, the God who put a global positioning system to cause the storm at that particular point had to also orchestrate and order a well to be right beneath him so that when he's thrown overboard, it swallows him. Had he been a kilometer away, there is no knowledge whether brother Jonah could swim or not. He could have suffocated or drowned whatever or wells or whatever. But God made sure that the well is right on the spot where Jonah would be dropped in time for him to be swallowed. And the well had to be rerouted from Tash's direction and take the right direction to Nineveh and took a swim right up to Ninev. And the prophet says the well vomited him at the show. The well decided to get sick halfway through the journey. Our brother wouldn't have made it. But brother, let me tell you, it vomited him right on time to just land by the shore without having to swim. And if that God is that precise, let me tell you my brother, my sister, there is never a time that God won't deliver you at the right place at the right time in in in his will to prevent the dilemas of your decisions. Because Jonah thought that you'll get one on God and say, you know what, I'm not going there. He didn't realize that God had the global positioning system and his prayer located him. And based on that quotation is the prophet who says you can't hide a saint from his prayer. So Jonah could hide but he couldn't hide from the prayer that he initially made. There are some people who are fighting against their prayer. Let me tell you brother sister when your prayer is hunting for you. You can't hide from it. Your prayer will locate you and will force you to get in line and your prayer will constantly nag at you. Praise the Lord. until you line up. Yes, sir. So, hence we have that quotation. Let's have it. And then we have the second one to give it a text because brother Brhamam never makes a slip through the tongue. I I don't know about you folks, but aren't you tired of people that try to correct the prophet. You've never had one accurate dream, but you're trying to correct a prophet. You can only correct the prophet if all your dreams in your life were accurate. I for instance know I cannot correct the prophet but once upon a time I had a dream and in that dream I was uh Jennet Jackson's pastor and I woke up and I said to my wife I woke up and I started smiling and laughing. What are you laughing at? I said I I had a dream. I was Jenn's pastor. Where will I meet Janice Jackson for starters? You know it's just a dream. So it shows you your capacity to never be at that realm of trying to interfere and middle or mangle with the message. Leave it alone. It's so advanced. Most of you will realize that as you get deep into the message, it's adv there there is stuff that say how come I underlined this many years ago and yet what was I what what did I quote? You you'll actually see a quotation you underlined and you've got some some notes on the side to say and then you realize as time goes on you knew nothing. This message is way advanced. Brothers and sisters, right? It don't need amplification. It don't need modification. It don't need interpretation. God interprets his own word. Are we are we ready for having some church in here? Now we second quote. Why? When Solomon dedicated that temple, he prayed up there and he said, "If any of thy people be in trouble anywhere and looked towards this temple, then hear from heaven, Lord." And he said he had confidence in what the prophet's prayer was for. I want you to underline that in your mind. You must have confidence in brother Brham's prayer. says he had confidence in what the prophet's prayer was for and he would hear from heaven and he refused to look at the symptoms of the well's belly and looked again towards the temple and then the statement comes again. Let's read it. You can't hide a saint from prayer. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And listen to this. I don't care where you go. Because prayer has global positioning. I don't care where you go. You can put him under any condition. It don't matter. Prayer is that powerful. It will locate you. You can put him in any condition. the Hebrew children in the fairy furnace, Daniel in the lion's den, wherever it may be, a real believer holds on to that prayer. I don't care what takes place, he holds on to that prayer. So, as our brother said, "Aren't you glad you serve a God who never lets you go?" That's when I said, "I have the correct sermon." God never lets you go because when you pray and hold on to that prayer, the combination of God not letting you go and your prayer hunting for you that you can't hide from it, results have got to come anyhow. Do you see that, brothers and sisters? And watch this. You know, you know what happened? God made that well sick at his stomach and he vomited vomited him up at the shore. Why not midway through the journey? It'll have been a total disaster. There's whales, there's sharks, there's dolphins, there's a lot of predators underwater. But God had to make sure that he's vomited right at the shore. Let me tell you, brothers and sisters, you will never fail in your endeavor as a Christian. This God is so precise that he won't let you he won't let you be in arms length to disaster. He will vomit you right at the shore. And watch this. Now, if God could answer Jonah's prayer under those conditions at looking towards a temple that a man made, the temple where a man prayed, that's Solomon. That's the scripture I open for you. a temple. There was a mercy seat overshadowed with the blood of sheep. How much more will he today? Cuz we not overshadowed with the blood of a sheep. We are overshadowed with immaculate conception blood. The blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. When we look away from our symptoms right now, brothers and sisters, if you want success in whatever you're going through through your prayer, your symptoms will try and shout out that it won't happen. Don't look to your symptoms. Look away from your symptoms. Amen. Amen. When we look away from our symptoms, our crippled condition, our cancer, our tumor, or whatever we have or our sin and look to the throne of God where Jesus stands at the right hand of his majesty with his own blood to make intercession upon our confession. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Raise it up, my brother. I have manifested. Sorry, you've gone a little bit quicker. Praise the Lord. You've skipped a slide. Go back. Praise the Lord. Now, you see, with those two quotes, you can establish a thought that Brother Brham wasn't just throwing words in the air because he gave the example of a man who thought was running away from the presence of the Lord. But midway through the journey that prayer located him and then he gave it twice as Jonah did not realize that his life was typing a far greater activity which is the typing of Jesus Christ being buried in the in the in the belly of the earth for three days and three nights. He thought that his life was just a man who's running away from the presence of God and then God found him and that was it. and we are reading after his story. We know there was a greater picture. And sometimes as believers when we go through our challenges and troubles, you don't realize that you're not going them going going through those things for for for for somebody else. You think you're going through them for yourself. Yet someone is supposed to learn how to come out of it by the way God makes you come out of it. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is far more meticulous and intelligent and far more advanced. He knows the end from the beginning. He knows how you will make you overcome what you're going through. And meanwhile, right now, you're busy being uh bombarded by the devil with symptoms. And halfway through, I don't want to use the word depressed, but I find that a lot in message community that we have people that say, "I've been a believer for so long, but it look like God really hears my prayer." He does. I've got news for you. He does. Praise the Lord. He does. And he does it all the time. In certain prayers, when he hears them, he suspends them there waiting to activate the GPS. And when the GPS has been activated, it's time for that prayer to hunt for you. When you've totally forgotten that you've prayed about this matter and then God starts to activate a season and a time to make the thing happen, you will be shocked at God's power. Somebody say amen to that. So now we've taken Solomon's prayer as a perpetual prayer for the generations and it was used for people when they found themselves in dilemas. And we have the example of Jonah who prayed and looked at the temple yet in the well's belly. Amen. In other words, if you lived in that generation or that age, if you travel, you best travel knowing the direction of the temple in case you need to look to it. In other words, if you're living today, you best know how to pray message wise because you never know when you need to plead the blood. Amen. So now we find Jesus comes on the scene who is a greater than Solomon. He also makes his own prayer which is similar to Solomon's prayer and that prayer that Solomon had was able to have GPS. The question I have how much more would Jesus prayer have? And listen to this these words spake Jesus and lifted up his eyes to heaven and said father the hour is come. glorify thy son that thy son may also may may also may glory thee. May th sorry let me read it properly. Glorify thy son that thy son also may glorify thee. The glorification is the shakina glory. Solomon could only speak after the shakina glory had presented itself. And Jesus is saying that was me being glorified in type. Now glorify me with that glory that I have heard before. My lord. And then he goes on to say, as thou has given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou has given him, and this is life eternal, that they might know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou has sent. I have glorified thee on earth. I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. And now, oh father, glorify thou me with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. I have manifested thy name unto the man which thou gavest me out of the world. Thine they were, and thou gavest them me, and they have kept thy word. Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee. And I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me. And they have received them and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou did send me. I pray for them like Solomon prayed for the people of his generation. I pray not for the world. That's why Solomon said if thy people which are called by thy name. So which means this prayer wasn't for every if you are a Muslim and you decided let me look to the temple nothing was going to happen. But if you are any of God's people and you look towards the temple, you were covered by Solomon's prayer. And then he goes on to say, I pray not for the world, but for them which thou has given me, for they are thine. Now, let me pause right there for a minute. Many times we understand that Christianom, God's sovereign, we've got good Pentecostals, we've got good Christians, you know, everywhere we go there is, you know, but there is a time where there is a separation and the separation is by predestination. And that separation by predestination means there is certain prayers that no matter how good a Pentecostal you might pray, at best you can be a foolish virgin. At best, when you reach the climax of your revelation of Christ, you probably might die for yourself in the tribulation, for your own confession. But there is a designated people that God knows that these are mine. They are kept under a particular covenant. They belong to a certain section and these people are the apple of my eye. You can't say apple of my eye to everyone. Imagine if I went to every woman in the street and said, "Honey, I love you or you're so sweet." No, no, no, no, no, no. That don't work. There is special designated language only for my wife. And similarly, there is special designated language only for the wife of Jesus Christ. Somebody say amen to that. There is stuff I can't even tell my daughter, but I can speak to the mother cuz she's my bride. Praise the Lord. When you know these things, brothers and sisters, it changes your perception of who you are. Yes, sir. Listen to this. So, the prayer goes on. Jesus is praying for the people that he has. It says, "All are thine. All mine are thine, and thine are mine, and I'm glorified in them. And now I'm no more in the world, but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, tip through thine own name those whom thou has given me, that they may be one as we are. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me, I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of pition that the scripture might be fulfilled. In other words, God was so meticulous in his senses for his people that he knew that the only soul we've lost is of Judas is a carot. But the rest of the disciples by predestination I have. Praise the Lord. So that prayer that is praying from verse one up to where we are at right now, he's praying for the disciples that he had. And he says here, "While I was with them, I kept in thy name except for Judas's scariot." And then verse number 13. And now I come to thee and these things I speak in the world that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. And if you notice I've skipped from verse 13 to verse 20. Verse 20. Verse 13. We can clearly see that he's praying for the disciples and the people that are. He's not even praying for us there. He starts to pray for us on verse 20. That's where you and I are included. Verse 20 says, "Neither pray I for these alone," which means they were there, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. Now we are included. And Jesus prayer, we couldn't hide from it. It had to find its GPS, locate me in Zimbabwe, bring me to England. Whether I liked it or not, by predestination, that prayer would have to locate me. and he had to locate you wherever you were and you find yourself in West Palm Beach. Hallelujah. Let me tell you brothers and sisters that prayer whether you thought you came to the message by your own choice you are lying. Some of us didn't come by choice. When we came we understood that oh this is the highway to heaven. But when we came, it was through unsavory circumstances, things that we never thought that one way or the other. You sisters with all the trousers that you had back then, you put them all in the trash can to put on a dress because you couldn't argue with the message because it was ingrained within you from the foundation of the world. So all that needed to happen was for those people that were prayed for to get in and then that prayer hang in there waiting for 2024, 2025, 2018, 2017, whichever time you came to the message. That prayer that Jesus made had to be activated at the central system where they put GPS and it located you. Some were found in nightclubs. When the GPS activated, you could never run away from it. That is why I tell you, brother, don't fear for God's people. Wherever they are, God is capable of making them drop whatever they're going through. He's that powerful. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. If it means has to drag you through a jail house, it don't matter. Jonah was dragged through the belly of a well. It didn't matter. But the issue is the GPS found a pinging point location located the believer brought you wherever you were. At first you came you didn't understand what was going on because we all seem to have a strange doctrine. This people they seem to talk a lot about Malachi 4:5 Eagle time the seals the thirdpool who these people this strange I ain't heard this in the Baptist the GPS had not located you then but right now it has located you somehow all the things about the message just sound right in your heart why do you think that is because the central command has decided to activate GPS to locate you. And that prayer was too powerful. It could never miss us. True. So that prayer was now changing the trajectory of looking to Solomon's prayer to now looking to Jesus. So now you find Peter, John uh going to the temple to pray. There was a man by the gate asking for alms asking for the blessing before people got into church. Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none such as I have in the name of Jesus. Rise up and walk." This man was believing Solomon's prayer that if I look towards the temple, it was 4 years of no breakthrough. He decided, let me not go to the let me not look to the temple. Let me go stay by the temple. Stayed by the temple. But the one that came to deliver him did not get into the temple to get the power and then come out to pray for him. Says while they were going in says what hailth thee says the man says look on us. Why does the Bible specifically say look on us? Is because they knew there was an ingrained doctrine of looking to the temple. So that's why it says look on us. In other words, you've been looking at the wrong temple. Their times have changed. There was a prayer offered in John chapter 17 that these people now know the expiration of the looking at the temple that that dimension is over. It's now look on us cuz the tabernop of God is with men. That's why brother Brandham came and told us there comes a season when you say brother I give you not say brother I'm going to pray for God to give you. No say it's a dimensional change of a higher God seen in a higher way. Somebody say amen. Amen. So he says neither pray I for thee for these alone. I pray for those that was an advanced atonement, an advanced prayer, a prayer that God knew is going to transcend all the church ages and bring us to William Branham. Praise the Lord. There we are. Then after this, everyone was now saying, "Look on us. Look on us." Because they knew that if you looked to Peter steadfast, if he looks in your eyes, if you're crippled say rise up and walk. So it was look on us, look on us, look on us. And then came a time when dark ages came, church ages came, things went a little bit blurry. Praise the Lord. Raise it up, my brother. Now we come to another dimension. And watch the title of this sermon. Thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. And watch, I've used Solomon's prayer. I've used Jesus prayer. Now I'm using brother Arab's prayer. Used Solomon a greater than Solomon. And now we are in our day. 1962, brother Braham is praying. And watch the prayer. I pray God have mercy. No one wants to go to the regions of the lost. No one wants to go down there. Father, far be it from any of us going. Yet down in there is a good heart in that person, that man, that woman, that man or woman that's charitable and nice and kind and has been deceived by the devil. the devil done that. And brother Bam turns around and he looks and he says, "Satan, I am against you." And I also come to West Palm Beach. Wherever he's lurking in your lives, I want to say, "Satan, I'm against you. Praise the Lord. Because you are an enemy of my Lord. You're an enemy of his word. I judge thee by Jesus Christ the son of God as a moral being knowing that I have no power within myself. I haven't got power to stop you. I like the prophet. He's a realist. He knows his scriptural authority. He knows where his power lays. And he sends around says, "I haven't got power to make any of these women clean up. Any of these men that's listening to this type or wherever. I have no way of making them clean up. I am powerless. But I do have the authority of the word of God as a servant to preach it and duty bound by that authority. Neither this policeman out here has power to stop a car, but he has authority to do it. And and Satan, you might as well go to squeak your brakes. Let me tell the devil in your life, as of this moment, I've come as a servant of the Lord, and I tell you, Satan, squeak your brakes. Squeak your brakes. You've got no power over these people. You can't put diabetes on God's people. You can't put cancer on God's people. I tell you, squeak your brakes [Music] [Applause] right there. squeak your brakes. You see, the problem with us is failing to process what the word says for us. Brother B is saying it don't matter how big a a truck is coming. As long as the policeman is small, maybe small and short like I am, if he stands on the highway and he says, "Right, it don't matter how fast you are going, you will never run down that policeman. You might as well you might you might might actually veer off to a to an accident. You know better than to run down the policeman. And I don't care how many to your devils are. I've come short as I am in the name of Jesus. And I'm telling Satan, you might as well squeak your brakes. Oh, let me tell you, brother, sister, tell that devil, squeak your brakes. Squeak your brakes. Not in my house. Somebody say amen to that. Brother, when you go to wherever you go, you go tell the devil, step in and say, "I'm the new sheriff in here." That's American language. Ain't it? When the sheriff says, "Right, peck it in." You peck it in. Praise the Lord. He's got no power over your children. He's got no power over inheritance. If he thought he had, I've come to tell him, "Speak your breaks right now in Jesus' name. Speak your brakes. right now in Jesus name. Squeak your brakes. Somebody say amen to that. Now, what I like about the prophet's prayer, he seems to address the devil more than he's talking to Jesus. He's not almighty God. I love you, Lord Jesus. You are awesome and wonderful. How powerful and majestic you are. Oh, alpha and omega. Glory be to God. Oh, he knows there ain't time to be addressing God. God done his duty. He's waiting on us. The time is to address the devil. So, he starts by saying, "Satan, I'm against you. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I'm against you." Why? Because you are an enemy of my God. There's lot of time for you. You see, if you see yourself spending a lot of time, Lord, I love you. He knows that. Tell the devil his position. The the revelation of the seven seal is for you to know who God is. Praise the Lord. And also know who the devil is. It's the unveiling of God. And also the exposition of the devil. And now we can pray like our prophet, thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. It's like a the the the title of the sermon itself is prophetic. So if it says thy seed, all you have to do is just locate in your lineage. Do you have Abraham's royal seed? Are you of Abraham's seed? And if you notice that Abraham is my father saying, "Hang on a minute. This quotation is talking about me." And then you slam up in whatever it is that you're going through, you tell that devil, "Stop." And I double dare you, he will stop. And let me tell you, brothers and sisters, he don't stop because you've got a horse voice like a male. Even sisters got a right to tell the devil in a very small feminist voices. Now, Satan, I ain't going to lie to you right now. Use gas to stop right now. I ain't I ain't asking you more times than this. By the time I get into my house, I want my child well. Amen. And believe it or not, my brother, God, he has sisters as well. Remember my title is prayer has GPS. Prayer has GPS. So now the prophet's prayer must also have GPS. And watch this. The prophet goes on to pray and says, "And Satan, you might as well squeak your brakes cuz I charge thee by Jesus Christ that you turn these people loose throughout global positioning system throughout the world." Watch this. Wherever this message may go, hallelujah. Is the message in your homes? Is it in your church? Is it in your car? Is it in your workplace? When you are there, as long as you are holding the message, you've got a blood right to tell the devil, squeak your brakes. Because according to the prophet's prayer, he says, wherever this message may go, Did you hear that? Which means this prayer that the prophet prayed is only acting waiting for activation. Just waiting for go. Is that when you put your cardinals on your cars for satnav and then you press right now? We've just kickstarted a revival in your home. Wherever this message may go, somebody say amen to that. Amen. Turn them loose and watch this. I claim them where the message will go. Aren't you glad you are under the prophet's claims? There is times, brothers and sisters, when you are praying and you don't seem to have a spiritual confidence that you're overcoming, you should know that no matter what happens, my prophet's prayer, hallelujah, 100%. God allowed him to be a sharpshooter until he knew that if I miss the problem is more to do with why that's why when he was hunting them squirrels and he missed four shots he says something is wrong because he knew he was ordained to be a sharpshooter and because of that if he prayed like Solom Solomon prayed and Jonah depended on that prayer we don't know how many generations it took for that prayer to help Jonah. How much more you if you are claimed by the prophet. Hallelujah. Claimed by the prophet. First for starters, you were claimed, you were prayed for by the Lord Jesus Christ when it says when these people shall believe by their own confession and then to top it all up in the message. And why is it the message is called thy seed. shall possess the gate of the enemy. And watch this says, "Wherever this message may go, I claim them. That they are bought, they are not their own. They are bought with a price, the royal seed of Abraham, the Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. And just to quantify the prophet's prayer, never is he saying he loves the Lord in this prayer. He's just dealing with the devil. Thou filthy, dirty, stinking, hypocrite, deceiver of men. Right there. When I quote this quotation, there is prayers. I don't pray in the public because people might hear me cursing out the devil. What you think the prophet is doing right there? Thou filthy, dirty, stinking hypocrite, deceiver of men, leading them blindly to the ditches of hell. Turn them loose. I charge thee by the living God, by the sacrifice of his son Jesus, that thou turn them loose, that their souls may be charged with his blessings and his presence, that they might possess the gate of every enemy. Blank spot on the tape. Oh, brother. I like the blank spot on the tape cuz there are times when I'm cursing out the devil and I tell him, "Now, I've got no words for you. I'm using blank spot on the tape for you. Try it one more time and you see it might work." When you've run out of words to cast him out, you say, "Right, we are now on blank spot on the tape." You've got them waiting for this, that, or the other, or some holy touch or something else. But I'm saying you are going to lose your hold. So, I don't care what you've come to church with. I don't care what you've left home. I don't care who's in your family that needs your prayer. I've just got a word for you. Tell them roots. It don't matter where they are. Your prayer has GPS. It will locate them any place, anytime, anywhere. Believers know this. Oh, I feel twice my size. It don't matter what it is, my brother. We've got the power and authority by these quotations. And just to prove to you that prayer has global positioning system. Once upon a time there was a lady who had a boy and that boy went with the wrong crowd got himself in a vanero disease and she got to praying and she got to praying and she got to praying says the Shunamite woman where is your Elijah? God had to go on the global system and say where is Elijah? Elijah was in Dallas says, "Let me ground the plane in Memphis." Oh, brother, you couldn't hide the prophet from the prayer of that woman. Oh, the prophet's plane was grounded. He decided to go around Memphis to see if he can shop and post his letters. Then that global GPS found him moving in a direction going to a place out of the normal realm. And then he keeps on walking. Then he gets to a certain place and there's a lady there waiting for him and says hello person said how did you know I was a person I knew you were coming. She had to pray and say is a shulamite. So the next thing is Lord put your GPS find me where Elijah is and bring him to me as my child is in need. We need a repeat of a raising of a baby. And brother Brah says, "Sister, is that true?" And brother needed to test whether that sister had the ability to have GPS in her prayer. Says, "You pray fast." Hallelujah. When she prayed first, says, "I knew this woman knew the road. I don't know who I'm preaching to, but I also believe I'm not here by mistake because prayer has global positioning. I've got to come here somehow and declare to some believer that that prayer you prayed in 2018 and there seem to be no answer has been activated. It's coming to your home if you can believe it. There's no stopping to that prayer. So as we know the boy was saying it's dark in here and brother prayed ended up changing the testimony it's getting light because Elijah had been located on his way from Memphis and the God who stopped the well and made the well swallow Jonah is the God who said right since the prayer has come from Memphis and you are going to New York from Dallas we need a whis will stop. So since we are in the business of making things unpleasant for others to bless others, let's inconvenience a few businessmen because Bar wasn't the only one on that plane. So there was a few people inconvenienced. Because the prayer of Auntie Jamaima was so powerful, it didn't matter how many schedules you would have missed because of her prayer. Hallelujah. The prayer had to be grounded. There had to be a mechanical fault. Some mechanic had to make money out of fixing that machine. And someone had to say, "I'll never use Delta again." Literally, they know there's a lady in some project praying. And prayer has nothing to do with status. It is everything to do with no, do you know him? When that lady prayed, the plane was grounded. I don't know brothers and sisters that whatever it is that has brought me to pound west pound in my little capacity the little blessing I carry I give it to you [Applause] because prayer has global positioning and God knowing that prayer has global positioning after the boy was healed brother was on a train on his way to some face. The young man comes on the Hello Pass Bron I real because you can't recognize someone who was uh uh uh whose life had been uh dilapidated by sickness. I don't believe I know Jesus as the boy you prayed for. Uh, in other words, God had to allow the prophet to have his prayer meet him as a testimony cuz he never knew what happened since after that day whether the boy died or survived. All he knew is I don't know what happened. I was supposed to go to New York. We were grounded in Memphis. This woman, don't know whether to call her crazy or what, but she was called Auntie Jamaima. this bold African woman like colored green type of lady you know colored green greet got into her home says you couldn't be in any palace and have the kind of presence that was in a home because of that he must have been probably anxious to see what ever happened to that boy the boy says hello pastor Branam says so tell me about yourself says I is that boy and I'm saved now and I was preaching the gospel. The prayer the mother made on dedication could never let the go let the boy die. And in that condition she realized that I was a shunomide woman. And where is your Elijah? And Elijah came on the spot. And after Elijah came there was reckoning where you need to see your testimony come to pass. One of the after here I'll be preaching in uh uh Minnesota. One of the reasons I'm going this I didn't know that the congregation I was going to preach to in Minnesota is called the good shepherd and it was in 2023 and in 2023 I was preaching about the Lord is my shepherd being that it's 2023 uh on a particular message uh there is paragraph 23 and paragraph 23 also says uh why I tend to be shepherds I might get the the things wrong don't penalize me I'm trying to jog my memory praise the lord all Brother says he's a marvelous shepherd on paragraph 23. And I was so excited about this theme I had in 2023. I find myself in Minnesota and I couldn't enjoy Minnesota like Florida cuz of the weather, you know. Praise the Lord. And there was a lady stage 4 cancer. That brother was there. They brought her in front to be prayed for. I said I had read a quotation. in the quotation brother says as quickly as as Moses put his arm under the hand and took it out that's how the leprosy disappeared and then I made a declaration I did not know that there was a lady with stage four cancer so I said bring her we prayed for her and the last I realized about 3 four 5 months later I had uh a medical report from brother one and brother one said brother Crosby you will not believe this this lady is extremely applicants are free. So I'm going there just to see the testimony so that I can have confidence that I have left some demons out of order here. Yeah. Praise the Lord. So what you notice with the the lady, the Memphis lady, her prayer had GPS. Was she the only one? There was a young lady. She was 9 years 8 months in a in a bedridden condition. Name is Georgie Carter. Brother Brah didn't know there was a place called Miltown. Then came this little lamp bleeting Miltown. Brother kind of like says there's a strange uh sound I hear in my spirit saying Miltown. Says is there a place called Miltown? Oh yeah. It's a few miles from Indiana. We'll take you to Miltown. There's a Baptist church. When he gets there, he finds the janitor just waiting by the door and says, "Oh, we'd like to have service." But the young girl Georgie Carter had been in that condition because a relative had uh uh violated her and she ended up with a tobaccois uh tobacosis or pneumonia that made her crippled for that for that long. The one thing I love about her testimony, she never said why me Lord. Most people just at the scratch not something severe you complain. She never did that. And as she was in that condition, she found a book written Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. She began to read the book. Said, "I wonder whether this God still exists." And then she begin to pray. That prayer had GPS. Yes sir. It went and located William Brham wherever he was. And when it located William Branham wherever he was, he came and the parents of this this little girl did not want their child to have false hope. But she believed but because location had been established by the global positioning system, God had to make sure that the day brother goes to pray for these the parents are not there. When he got there, prayed for this little girl, she immediately rose out of bed, started blessing the grass. When the parents saw the girl, they fainted. That's the power of prayer having a global positioning system. Praise the Lord. I have one extreme example as well. How many know the case where brother Brown found himself out of the will of God in South Africa? Courtesy of the brotherhood. He was supposed to go to a certain place and the brothers way laid him to where it was convenient for them. And brother Bam kept telling the brothers, "We are out of the will of God." This is where Billy Paulo made those remarkable statements. Says, "Daddy, if we have to walk to America, we'll have to do it. I'll stick by you." And FF Bosworth, who I believe is from Florida, had to say, "Why' you always think that you were the only man of God?" They didn't realize that this was a major prophet. And that says the whole thought that he's just a he was just a better Pentecostal. Brother said, "Okay, for you brothers to understand that we are out of the will of God, I'm going to tell you what's going to happen from this moment on. There shall be a storm." Then the storm came. He says, "Ah, now what else is he going to say now?" And he says, "Okay, tomorrow we are traveling. When we get to a certain place, we shall see a lady selling beads and curios like art and she's going to have half a head shown uh because she's got a scar on her head and then shortly afterwards there's going to be a very very strange bed fly over. Then you will know we are out of the will of God. So as they got on their trip then they see the lady exactly the way the prophet described and then shortly afterwards a bird flew a wild peacock. Then all the men agreed we are out of the will of God and brother says from henceforth now let me be the one in control. So as they were traveling, Brother Bram just suddenly makes them stop at a forest like a place like probably the Everglades where there is wild South Africa says stop right here. Take that dirt road. Follow it up until I tell you to stop. They did exactly what the prophet said. They knew better because they knew the terrain of South Africa that there is no way we're going to the uh uh villages, the native villages. So there's no way we're going. But they knew we can't argue this time because he's already shown us the level of a prophet that he is. So as they get there, brother says, "Stop at a village in the middle of nowhere, gets out of that car, goes straight to a round rendevo heart, walks right in there. There's a lady who had been isolated with tuberculosis and she was left to die but she had prayed and her prayer had GPS and when she prayed God told her I'm sending you a white man to pray for you from America and when she woke up and told the rest of the people they all said oh I'm sure the pneumonia or whatever has gone to the head when the white men arrived she was the only one in the village who could speak English brother went in never said nothing to nobody prayed for her and she was immediately healed and then she came out says that's what I told you her prayer had global positioning system to locate the prophet and bring the prophet at her doorstep ain't God so awesome that he will do the exceeding abundant above what you can pray ask or think as I'm saying this, let your prayers come back to your doorstep because he's capable of doing it. He did it to this woman. And now imagine, picture this for yourself. The prophet was out of the will of God. But the prayer of the woman somehow connected with the prophet out of the will of God to bring her to her doorstep. How powerful is prayer? Amen. The whole activity of being out of the will of God could have been incited by the prayer of that woman. The other example, there was a lady called Florence Nightingale. You all know these from the stories. Thin dying. She prayed for healing while in South Africa. and she knew that somehow she needs to have brother Brandham pray for her. They flew her to London and somehow brother Brahma was coming from America to London. As brother Bram landed, the lady's plane also landed on another runway. Who organized the meeting that two planes collide as one at a time? By the time this lady came, brother saw a dove. He said, "Let's go pray for the lady." By the time the lady saw brother bra, her first words were, "Brother Brham, pray for me to die." says, "I will do no such thing. God shown me that you're going to be well." Because if she was meant to die, she could have died on the plane in South Africa. There was ample opportunities for death to present itself. Brother, there comes a time that your prayer, no matter what circumstances are around you, can never change the ability for your prayer to find you. You might have got tired, said, "You know what? I've been in this case for too long. I'm giving up. But your prayer won't give up on you. And brother Bam prayed for that lady and we know the rest is history. We have a before picture and an after picture and that was brother's signal to go and preach to Africa. It was the prayer of Florence Nightingale that God global positioning system located William Brham from Jeffersonville brought them both to a neutral ground in London and prayer was given and the rest is history. As I'm winding down and sobering up, I wonder how many things are in your life that you've been constantly saying, I'm going to pray and pray until this happens. I've got news for you tonight. My presence signals the activation of your prayer. Your prayer is going to locate you. Prayer has the ability to locate. I'm reminded of Elia Elaza. Thank you, Lord. Looking to bring a wife for his master. He prayed. He said, "Lord, let me meet Rebecca. Let me meet a woman. Let the woman feed my camels. And after feeding my camels, let the woman feed me. As true as prayer finds its GPS, comes this little damel, unpretentious, comes by the well. She's the all alone. For some reason, there ain't no sisters that decided to come with her to the well. I don't believe she was a lone ranger. But at this point in time, to meet the prayer of Elaza, she had to be alone by the well. She gets by the well. Then comes this man with a strange thing and says, "Can you feed my camels?" How you expect an 18year-old, 16 year old, do you know how many liters a camel drinks? And do you know how many camels he had? She gave them all to drink. Instead of being grateful and say, "Young lady, you've done so much. I will at least grab some water for myself." She also says, "I'm now waiting for the second part of my prayer." And the young girl, instead of being flustered and saying, "You know what? I've been feeding all your camels. You got 10 camels and each camel takes 100 liters. I'm so tired. I ain't having this. I ain't having this." The lady simply said, "So since the comes drunk, would you like some water as well?" Some water according to American lingu. Would you like some water? All that was prayer finding GPS. Then there's another example I'd like to throw. There was a time brother Brham had a vision that is going to bring a revival to the west coast. That's Los Angeles area where Pentecost was merging into the real true Pentecost of the message of the hour. So there was a family that were praying for a revival, a black family. God revealed to them that God is going to send his servant William Branham to the west coast. So they gave the name William Marion Branham. Amen. Amen. I believe the the bride for who I've come to add and the family have also decided to hear their pastor preach. Come through. God bless you. Praise the Lord. They decide. You know what? We'll let them settle for a minute. How many believe player has global positioning system? So these uh uh believers who were watching the events and watching the the Christian clock calendar, they came to that point where they said there must be a revival. So every time a revivalist would come to the west coast, they would look at the name cuz names used to be advertised. Jack Core, man of the moment, preaching, aa Allen, you name them. All those guys when they came their names would be advertised. Then one day they were late for late for church. So they didn't get the advert that it was William Marion Brham. But they see the things that brother Braham is doing in the in the prayer line and in front. The young man comes from the back, rushes right up to the front, has a very weird request to brother Bran and says, just comes violently just steps in front of brother, what is your name? What is your name? And brother found it very strange that in all my preaching, I've never met anyone who confronts me. All they want is my name. And brother says, well, it can't hurt for me to just give them my name. Braham says, "My name is William Marion Branham." The young boy just looks at the back says, "Mama, it's him." Their prayer had located the prophecy that was given way before. Yes, sir. Because in their prayer request, they wrote the name William Maron Brham and put it in a trunk and forgot about it. They were waiting to see. Just like just like uh uh uh uh Anna and Simeon were waiting to see the redemption of Israel. So your expectation in the things that you pray for when you understand by revelation that now Solomon's prayer had that latitude to help generations until Jesus came to override that prayer which then was now amplified by the coming of William Branaman praying for the people wherever the message may go. Yes sir. and he claimed them. How much more is your prayer powerful? Praise the Lord. Prayer has GPS. If you remember, there was a time brother Welsh even lost or rather his car was stolen. And brother Bram in the prayer says, "Let's locate global positioning system. I wonder brothers and sisters how many times we've neglected to locate because remember the quotation I started with. It says God omnisient, all powerful, omnipresent, knows all things. He's just here as he is there. Which means you can pray for someone here who is in a location because God don't need time and distance. Amen. Praise the Lord. Allow me to finish with the last quote. I always like to finish with a quote of a descendant to see how brother Abraham did the things that we're talking about. Praise the Lord. Yeah. What year is thou Elijah? Remember this is the same tape I used to take the first quote which says you can't hide a saint from his prayer. He's finished preaching that and then there's a lady in in need and she needs to be descended. So brother says the lady standing here is very nervous and she's really needing an operation because she's got hemorrhoids and those hemorrhoids are breaking and bleeding. That's right, isn't it? If that's right, raise up your hand. Now what note that? Now, whatever I told her, I don't know. See, that wasn't that wasn't that was not my voice. It was my lips moving. But something is telling us something that wasn't me. Now, Brother catches a wave from the audience. Now, you say, "You might have guessed that, brother." All right, let's talk to her just a moment longer so that the anointing of the spirit will get into the building. Now, let me just talk to her again. Yes, here it comes again. Find me any of these funny prophets that could repeat and ask God to come and redo what he has done. Only William Brham could do that. He was a cut above the rest. Yes, sir. Amen. Says the woman is conscious that something is going on. Did you ever see the picture the scientific world has taken that angel of the Lord? That's just what's on you. Wow. If you audience, the radio or wherever you could see right here between me and that woman is that light milling around. I don't suppose God will allow us to preach about the angel of the Lord and he not follow the message wherever we preach it. And then he says the woman is facing an operation. It's bleeding hemorrhoids. Repeating the first descendment says here, "And I keep seeing some elderly person keeps appearing here. It's a man. It's her dad. And he's got a dark shadow over him. He's dying with cancer. She's here. He's somewhere else." But global positioning system has allowed the prophet said, "Right here where we are, there's a pillow of fire milling, but where your dad is, there's a dark shadow." says here, "Oh, he's in hospital in a great city where there is a river runs through it. It's St. Louis, Missouri." That's one of the things that made me say, "Maybe I will preach this because uh brother Simba comes from St. Louis, Missouri." And the prophet says, "Thus say the Lord." That's right. Is that true? Do you believe the Lord? Do you believe God could reveal to me this who this woman is by this time the woman's name is not yet revealed or that would help your faith. Now sister I don't know what he will which means by this time he's still depending on that energy of the supernatural. And then he says I'm just asking his grace. Soon as it finishes saying I'm just asking his grace, the name pops up. Your name is Alice. Spade is your surname. Your last name, right? Return home and you can receive what you ask for in the name of the Lord. In other words, the pillar of fire that was with the prophet and the lady milling in front can actually leave that place and go to the hospital in St. Louis Miri and deliver the father because prayer has GPS. No sooner had I finished preaching this in my church. There was a a brother and a sister who came with the exact same diagnosis of their mother hemorrhoids. Exactly the way the quotation is. They were sitting right at the back. And as they were sitting they said if prayer has GPS our mother is unwell and is in Zimbabwe we want to send because prayer is gloal positioning system. No sooner had that happened, it didn't take a few days. Their mother was due for an operation just like Sister Alice sped. Hemorrhoids just like Sister Alice Ped. Everything this quotation speaks was exactly the matter with the mother. And the following week, a testimony came back. Our mother has not been operated. The tummy that was swelling and the hemorrhoids, they have all gone down. She's been discharged and she's well because prayer has GPS. It made well Shivans locate his car through the prayer of brother Brham. Georgie Carter was located through prayer. It was her prayer that you couldn't hide from. I wonder how many of you have offered prayers and you're wondering whatever happened to that prayer. I've got news for you. As I call brother Smiley, God had your prayer. He's just activated it. If you can receive it, it will happen in your life in the simplicity of repeating these quotes. We don't repeat these quotes for nothing. It's because we believe God sent a prophet and that prophet has a claim on our lives and he claimed us in the message, thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. Amen. I don't mind being claimed by my prophet. Prayer has global positioning. The prayer that sister Wright prayed when she had her boys weward had seemingly appeared not effective until one day brother Brah experiences his third pool. they're sharing it with the families. All she did was say, "Brother Abraham, that's nothing but the truth." Then that prayer of the children had to be activated right then. And when it was activated, the Holy Spirit said to brother Brah, tell her to ask what she will. Brother, when you meet up with your prayer, things become easy. It's as if you never really agonized for that thing. Praise the Lord. That's how powerful the message of this day is. It makes things happen. If brother could uh claim us, if the Lord Jesus Christ said, "I've only lost the son of pedition." It gives me the uncction to tell you brothers and sisters, we will not lose our children to this world. Because an audit was done. The prayer you prayed for that baby on dedication can hunt for them when they least expect. Bruises and cuts they might have but they will never be lost. They can never be lost. They will never be lost and they can't be lost because prayer you can't hide a saint from their prayer. Amen. Or they will have challenges that will challenge your faith. But you stick to knowing that. Brother Crossby came once upon a time in West Palm Beach. He told us, "Brother, sister, don't give up on your prayers. There will be a day that that prayer will energize and it will go hunting." And I always used to wonder why when he prays, he says, "Lord, give them a conviction." means the prayer can so hunt for you better than a a US marshal can hunt for you. You can't hide when you've been prayed for. And I like them old negro mothers that would say, "Child, child, child, you ain't going nowhere. You tripping right now. But you going to come back. You going to come back crawling, but coming you will. That's the assurance we have with the message of the hour. Nothing missing, nothing broken. Somebody say amen to that. Can you give God some serious praise? Appreciate him for activating a prayer you thought he had forgotten. We prayed for this a long time ago and now I can't believe we are in Miami. Yo, you can't hide a saint. No, sir. If you're not serious about getting anything from God, just don't pray about it. Leave it alone. But the moment you are serious that God answers prayer, you best be assured that prayer is going to hunt for you irregardless. Even when you are tired, that prayer goes, "Come on, wake up. You prayed for this to happen. Go on child. Go on." You think it was fun for Jonah to be in the belly of a wolf for three days and three nights. But when he prayed and said, "Lord, nevertheless, let your will be done." Said, "Fine, I hear you." You might think you're on your way to Tashish, but nine of you will arrive and you shall arrive in style. That's the God we serve. And I would like to attribute this sermon to the statement that brother Smiley said when he said, "Don't you serve?" What did he say, "Brother Solomon?" He said, "I wrote the words cuz I was just arriving the statements. Aren't you glad you serve a God that can let go? Amen. Let me ask as our brother asked, "Aren't you glad you serve a God? How many times would you have let go your own prayer?" Just on Friday before flying out, I preached from a quotation where brother came and told a certain lady that had been barren for 40 or so 45 or so years, no child. And brother told her, "Thus say the Lord, you're going to have a child." And she doubted. And then fast forward 7 years later, at the age of 53, Brother is about to dismiss. Says, "I'm about to go to Canada to dedicate a church and there is a lady there whose baby I'm going to dedicate." But in between she doubted. But her prayer goes back to that statement. You can't hide a saint from their prayer. At 53, she prolonged. She could have had that child in her 40s. But thank God, the prayer had already had GPS placed on it. Amen. Go back to your Christian life and think of the many prayers you've made and some of the prayers you've actually said what you've now counter prayed against. God has his angels and his people that he says let's select when they prayed really seriously and desperately. If that prayer is ever located when you were serious that prayer will have GPS activation and it will come to pass. Praise the Lord. That's why would say I've been a believer for 32 years. I've never asked God for anything but it came to pass. If it didn't come to pass, you'd have to tell me why as we rise to our feet. The devil is a liar. I like how the prophet prays in that message, "Thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy." It's far. It's far advanced. It's praying deeper than a Pentecostal. I I'm not saying never pray and say I love the Lord. You do that. But there is times where your prayer is just telling the devil his position. A and there are so many examples in the message that you see that actually the things that the prophet would say in such simplicity were so powerful. I wonder is there some believer with our eyes closed who's doubted some of their prayers and they've thought that God has forgotten and you think that God does not know you by name. Most of the time you're looking at your symptoms and the things that you go through and you think to yourself, does God really know me? I'm here to tell you, he does. If the time and season for your blessing to be ushered arrives, he will do the exceeding abundant above what you pray, ask or think. He's capable of doing that. Like to give a benediction over your life. Great God of heaven. Father, in the simplicity of these quotes, how almighty God, you made there be a season of the potency of Solomon's prayer that whoever looked at the temple, they would get their deliverance. How you made it so proficient until even Jonah said, "Once more, will I look to the temple?" Yet, Lord, it's practically impossible to look in the belly of a whale. But somehow he did it. Then came the time of the Lord Jesus Christ that he says if I be lifted up I'll draw all men unto me. Look and leave was the moto of the day. Father you then came to the point of the end of his ministry before the advent of the Holy Ghost. You prayed for his believers and you prayed for those that would come. That would be us. Says we should be covered by the same prayer. Lord Peter and the rest of the disciples got revelation when they got to the gate called beautiful. They were not flustered. They knew you were able to do what you had promised in your word. Said, "Silver and gold have a none such as I have rise up and walk." Men that had been crippled for years rose up. Yet, Lord, they were not even in the temple. No doubt almighty God the things that you do they are crazy to the world but to us them make so much spiritual sense and father now comes our prophet in our day says thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy he makes a prayer that covers us says wherever this message may go and I believe the message is here in West Palm Beach may the devil squeak his brakes Lord I plead your blood upon the saints is here. And also I pray for brother Jack and bless his congregation and his family. Father, for the trust he's given that I could stand in his pull pit in his absence. Let it be almighty God he receives a double portion for that. Bless him in Jesus name. Lord, here are your children. [Music] Whatever challenge they have had, we come like sister spade. Say whether the challenge is at home or in some place else. There is no limitation to the distance of prayer because prayer has global positioning system. Let the prayer of the saints find them when they need to be found. Thank you Lord for allowing me the privilege to come thus far and to stand before your people. I ask for blessing over myself, my family and the congregation I've left in England and also for the wedding we shall have tomorrow. May your blessings go ahead of us. It is prayer that has brought us this far. We thank you. We love you. We thoroughly appreciate you for your goodness and your mercy and also ask for a special blessing on brother Billy, sister Alian. Remember them, Lord. Oh God, put a GPS in their prayers. Let it be almighty God their prayers are able to locate them. We thank you. We love you. We bless your name in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Everybody say praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Malico, he wasn't here a couple of weeks ago, but brother Jack announced that we uh we're having a Friday tape service. It was from the very message that he preached from. The seed thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy. It was to prepare a ground for a people and he would come and instruct us on what we had to do next. We have to believe God and take him at his word. Amen. We got to tell the devil to squeak his brakes. Amen. You You believe you can make the devil squeak his brakes. Amen. Just recognize who you are. That's what the ministry of the word is to do. When God unveiled the seals, he unveiled who he was. He unveiled who Sat was, but he also unveiled who we are. Amen. Let's let's let's change that song. We got to realize exactly right. We are that chosen. We going to sing it. We are a chosen [Music] generation called to show his excellence. All I require for life God has given me. I know who I am. All we are a chosen generation called to show his answers. All I require. I know who I am. I know who God said I am. But he said I am. Where he said I am. I know who I am. I know who God said I am. But he said I am. Where he said I am. I know who I am. I'm walking in power. Walking in love. I live a life of favor. I know. I'm walking in power. Walk. I live a life of favor. But I know. We are a chosen generation. All to show his excellence. All I require. I know who I am. We are chosen generation. We are a chosen generation. All of the show is excellent. All I require. I know. I know who God say I am. But he said I am. I know who I am. I know I am. He says I say I am. I know who I am. I'm talking life. I know who I am. I want my live everybody. Oh, I know. Come on, sing. I know. Heat. Heat. I'm [Music] [Music] powerful. Take a look at me. I'm a wonder. It doesn't matter what you see now. Can you see him? All I know who I am. Take a look at me. I'm a wonder. It doesn't matter what you see now. Can you see him rolling? All I know. Take a look at me. I'm a wonder. It doesn't matter what you see now. Can you see him? All I know. Take a look at me. I'm a wonder. It doesn't matter what you see. Everybody [Applause] shout. Oh, I know. Everybody shout. Oh, I know. [Music] Oh, I know. I know who I am. [Music] Praise the Lord. You're the children of the most high God. Hallelujah. Amen. Beyond mess beyond me. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, what grace, Lord Jesus, that you have bestowed on us. Father, you would bring our precious brother from across the sea, Lord Jesus, just to deliver a message to us, Lord Jesus, that our prayers have been activated, Lord Jesus. There are many things, Lord, that we have been praying for for years, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, but it has come to your remembrance, Almighty God. And we're so grateful, Lord God, that you will send your humble servant this way, Lord, to be a blessing to your people, Lord Jesus. And we are blessed, Lord. We're grateful, Lord, for the word that we've heard this morning, for your presence amongst us, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray for our brother, Lord Jesus. Lord, he has so much work to do while he's over here in in this country, Lord Jesus, we just pray that you'll be with him. You'll go before him, make his way prosperous. You'll bless him every way he turns, Lord Jesus. And Lord, as he has been a blessing to us, Lord, may the people be a blessing to him, Lord Jesus. Oh father, continue to provide strength and leadership and direction to him. Lord, help him as he pastors, Lord, the sheep that you have for him at le church, Father. Father, we thank you so much, Lord, for this service. We thank you so much for your for your presence amongst us, Lord. And we pray Lord as we prepare to leave this place Lord that your presence will continue to abide upon us Lord Jesus. Oh Father and as we see our prayers Lord come to fluition Lord Jesus may every person with a willing heart give testimony that it may strengthen the brethren Lord Jesus. Oh Father we rejoice when our brothers and our sisters Lord when you you perform your good word in their lives Father. So we just pray that you bless each one be with our pastor Lord. Oh father, where he is and bring him back home to us safely. Lord Jesus, grant traveling mercies to us all. Keep us all until we're able to gather together again. We'll be careful to give you your praise, honor, and glory for all things that you accomplish in our lives. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. You may have your seats. And our brothers will come at this time to dismiss [Music] you. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
