################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 250507- Matthew Watkins:A Restored Eden Has Begun - Matthew Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   250507- Matthew Watkins:A Restored Eden Has Begun
Speaker: Matthew Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ9cZ1voKA8
========================================

[Music] All right. Good morning. It's like I never left. Let's all stand this morning. Going to put our hands together and sing this song um at Calvary. Brother Kevin some lyrics. Years I spent in vanity and pride. Caring not my Lord was crucified. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. By God's word, Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up [Music] sing above All always love this song. Give me a key. Above all powers, [Music] above all kings, above all nature and all created, [Music] above all wisdom and all [Music] You were here before the world begin of all above all [Music] of allers the world is ever known. the treasures of the earth. There's no way to measure your Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] You were here before the world began. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. There's no way to make your way [Music] to die. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Amen. [Music] All right, let's um you all can be seated momentarily. I'm going to um Brother Luther, if you make your way, I'm going to read some prayer requests and then uh we'll stand and pray over the tithes and the offerings. Um have several here that I from the uh various people. Um, this is uh from Sister Meredith says, "Um, uh, I wonder if we could have the church pray tomorrow for brother Emanuel Wade, Martha Ward's dad. He has a pretty significant gastrointestinal bleed that he was hospitalized for and has left him very weak. He is home now. He asked that the church be praying for him to regain strength and for complete healing." Um, so we want to remember that. Um uh this is from uh brother Jeremiah Bray. Um prayer request for my dad. He was taken to the emergency room last night due to discomfort in his chest. He's fine now, but turns out he had a mini heart attack and a blocked artery. They put a stent in and he's in the hospital being watched for um for a day before he's released. We're praying God would put a stop to that right there. We believe that. Um and then finally uh from sister Melissa. Good uh morning. I have two prayer requests for this uh for this morning. One is for the for a situation concerning my daughter Nicole. She's asking for prayer. The other is that this week my class will will take their final math test for the year. I pray that each student show uh shows abundant growth. Thank you, Sister Melissa. So we want to uh keep that all of those in prayer. Um and uh we'll have the the offering. Bless you, brother. Let's all stand. Amen. I'd like to just um welcome all our visitors and pray that you have a good time and that the one we all seek, serve, that he would touch your heart this morning. bring you to that place that my every human being hungers and thirst for that righteousness of God. Amen. Pray that he would bless you today. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. I'm so thankful, Father, that you went to that cross with me in mind. And each one here, Father, may that thought be in their hearts that you went for them. Father, let it be a personal communication, a personal relationship between you and them. We pray that you would have your way in the service this morning. Father, we remember Emanuel Wade, Lord. Father, we just pray in the name of Jesus Christ for that same atonement bought our healing, dear God. And we pray for Jeremiah Bray's dad. Father, so thankful that nothing more serious happened, but we pray as he prayed and asked that would be the end of that. Father, touch his body, heal him fully. And Lord, as we um remember Melissa's special request concerning her, a friend of her daughter Nicole's. Father, touch him, Lord. Heal him, Father. And all of these students, each one, even ones in her, not in her grade, want to come around and just share in the love that she has for the children. Father, I know the work that she's put into it, Father, and Lord, they have responded in kind. I pray that you would touch each and everyone. Bless the testing, Father. And Lord, as we approach the word of God this evening, each day is a testing time in our lives. And Lord, as we know the minister will come, he'll stand here, but that gift inside, Father, Lord, that he has just to step out of the way and allow it to have preeminence. And as a congregation this morning, help us to pull on that gift. Father, we all want you, Father, to look beyond the man down to our hearts and our intentions. May we look at each other the same way. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Lord, we surrender our lives to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Um, God bless you friends. You can take your seats. Um want to have a time for some a special brother Donald Jackson would come up. Understand he has a special song for us and um we'll have uh a few specials after that. Um, [Music] always appreciate our people who are willing to uh seeing specials, especially when I got a lot on my plate for Sunday school and leading worship. Amen. [Music] As I look back on this road I've traveled, [Applause] I've seen so many times he's carried me through. And if there's one thing that I've learned in this life, my redeemer is faithful and true. [Applause] My redeemer is faithful and true. [Music] And everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. [Applause] [Music] My heart rejoices as I read the promise. [Music] [Applause] There's a place that I'm preparing for you. [Music] I know someday I'll see my Lord face to face cuz my redeemer is faithful and true. [Applause] My redeemer is faithful and true. And everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. [Applause] [Music] And in every situation, he has proved his love to me. Excuse me. When I lack the understanding, he gives more grace to me. My redeemer is faithful and true. [Music] And everything he has said he will do. Every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. Oh my Jesus is faithful and true. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] His [Music] ways are mysterious, but his word is just. [Music] Sometimes he giveth and he takes away. When my fears arise [Music] and sorrow covers me, still I will say, "Be it unto me." Even when I cannot see. [Music] Something rises up in me. I say be it unto me. Help cometh from the Lord. I'll trust him even more. I have to say be it onto me. [Music] Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. [Music] I walk in rightuousness. Order my footsteps and I will say be it unto me. Even when I cannot see, [Music] something rises up in me. I say be it unto me. Help cometh from the Lord. I'll trust him even more. I have to say be it unto me. Even when I cannot see, [Music] something rises up in me. I say be it unto me. Help cometh from the Lord. I'll trust him even more. If my heart is broken, my eyes are stayed on him. If I search for something more, he's all my heart longs for. I have to say be it unto me. I have to say be it unto me. [Music] [Applause] really appreciated that. Um, let's all stand. We're going to get ready to change the order of the service. Um, I had this song on my heart really, really strong this morning and um do a crown of thorns. Um, I don't know if we did we ever did we get the lyrics to that? Okay. Well, we don't have lyrics, but they're not that complicated, and you can do your best to sing along. I think many of you know it. I know we've pro I think you sing this as a special at least once, right? Um, but I had this on my heart and I really wanted to sing it and um I'm sure if we don't have lyrics, you can pick it up pretty quick. Um [Music] there was no crown for him of silver or of gold. There was no diet for him to hold, but blood adorned his brow and proud it stay and sinners gave to him crown. [Music] A rugged cross [Music] became his throne. Kingom. He wrote his love in and bore the throne upon his head. He did not Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You stri [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing that again brother. Thank you Lord. [Applause] Thank you Jesus. and wore the Lord upon him. Amen. You're thankful for that sacrifice. Why don't we give the Lord Jesus a hand? Amen. He's worthy of our worship. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Ephesians chapter 4. If you have your Bible, we'll turn there to into the book of Romans, chapter 2. I'm sorry, chapter 12. Amen. God bless you. So good to be here. Amen. With you in the house of the Lord. Amen. I I just uh want to say this morning that my dad is away at brother Blues this morning. His brother Blues church, I should say. And for those of you that don't know, brother Maurice is um becoming the p being elected as the pastor there today. So he had asked um my dad to come and and be there to be a part of that. So he just wanted me to say that to you. That's where he's at today. And so we just want to be remembering him. Amen. And remembering brother Maurice. Amen. And so just pray that God just anoints him with um Amen. his blessing. Amen. For that church. We love that church in Green Pond and the believers over there. And and God's got a plan and a purpose for everything. And nothing happens by accident or mistake. How many believe that about the Lord? Amen. He is sovereign over everything in our life. So we just want to be uh thinking about that. Also, brother Tony is there with his dad in Florida way. I think his whole family went with him. So we he just uh wrote me yesterday to let me know that. So amen. You love the Lord Jesus. Amen. We just want to look to the word this morning. I spoke Wednesday on taking back Eden. And then today I want to just minister to you with the Lord being my help. But I just want to title this, a restored Eden has begun. A restored Eden has begun. Let's look at Ephesians 4, what we read, and then we'll look at Romans 12. Why don't we just begin reading here um let me find my place here. Let's just start be begin here at uh verse uh 22. Ephesians 4 verse 22. that you put off concerning the former conversation, the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lust. And notice the scripture here, and be renewed in the spirit of your mind. And be renewed in the spirit of your mind. And that you put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness, wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbor. For we're members one of another. Be ye angry and sin not. Let not the sun go down upon your wrath, neither give place to the devil. We spoke a lot about that. Verse 27, Wednesday, not to give place to the devil. How many cut the grass? Amen. I was looking at it just uh just uh even just yesterday still just not knowing what direction the Lord would take me. And and I was happened just to be somewhere in in a real wildernessy area, me, my son Ethan, and we seen a big old man, black uh snake with yellow uh you know, circles going through it. Four feet about 4t 5t long uh just massive just slithered right through. It's a king snake and uh not poisonous, but you know, a snake doesn't have to have a poisonous venom to kill you. A a king snake actually constricts. He wraps himself around his prey and he kills that prey by his his power to to bind him. And so we know that there's spirits that bring poison in our life. There's also spirits that bring binding. And uh and can bind us and suffocate us. Amen. But the Bible says, "I've given you power over serpents. You shall tread upon the head of serpents." That's what Jesus said. Amen. And so we we don't want to give place to the devil. We want to not give him any bedding ground. I want to give a bedding ground to the seed of the word and let that have it take root in my life. Let's keep reading here. Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let him labor working with his hands that thing which is good that he may have to give to him that needeth. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. Romans 12. And you'll be seated after I read this verse here. Ver chapter 12 and verse 2. Very familiar scripture. And be not conformed to this world. And be not Romans 12:2. Be not conformed to this world. We know that word world means cosmos. Uh uh it's the it's the structure, the order, the opposite of the word chaos. Be not conformed to the to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind. There it is again. That you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. How many just wants to be remembered in prayer? Just hold up a hand before the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Father, my hands are up today, God, in need of you. I pray Lord that you would just take sovereign control over the direction Lord that you've placed upon my heart. Lord, we feel your atmosphere even as brother Matthew was leading that song. Lord, we just feel such an an atmosphere and an attitude of of gratefulness, Lord, for you, for the work that you're doing, the work that you've done in our lives. We're testaments, Lord God. Just to be able to stand here today in this church, Lord, sitting at your table ready to receive. That's just a nothing of oursel, Lord, but it's the testament of the grace of God in our life. You've brought us, Lord, a mighty long way. And Father, we just want to give you thanks for that this morning. I pray, God, that your word would just take preeminence now. Lord, I pray that you would take your place amongst us. And may the words that are spoken today, Father, may it minister grace unto the hearers. Grant it, Lord Jesus, we pray. In your name we ask. Amen. You can be seated this morning. I want you to turn if you could in your Bible while I'm just speaking here to the book of Joel, chapter 2. Very familiar scripture. Just have that ready. I want you just to uh to just turn there and just hold your place there just for a moment while I just uh start to come into this thought. We know I I've been studying the message and boy, it's such a good one to study. If I'd give you one, amen, that I've just been feasting upon here for the last few days. It's the power of transformation. Brother Brandon preaches it there in Arizona and he preaches that message, the power of transformation. And I think it's transformation is just the center of that that you'll find of that entire sermon. Brother Barnham uh talks about the change of heart and the change of not just your heart but of your mind to be renewed uh in your mind. And the Bible says that we just read in Romans 12 to not be conformed but be transformed. And he quotes Romans 12:2. If you study that message, you'll find that brother Brandham speaks a lot about that mind of Christ. And the Bible says that uh to that that that the mind that was in Christ to let that mind be also in you so that you can do the perfect and acceptable will of God. And and and you'll find in God's power of transformation that the the brother Brandham is speaking about only what the the blood of the Lord Jesus can do. You can do a religion can do a lot of conformity can change can change us on the outside and make us look different or make us you know visually appear different but sometimes that religion is just a covering it's just a cloak and really the inside man has never been really transformed friends I just want to tell you I'm not in any way interested whatsoever in religious conformity or a religious even dress code of looking or talking like a believer. But I want something that can change me to a metamorphosis of of the old man to the new man. Amen. Amen. I believe that's what the message of the hour teaches is that this isn't just a putting on of a new religion or a new coat. As brother Brandon said, he said, I he said, I think many times we he we treat religion like a jacket. We treat it like a covering and we put a new covering. a man comes as a sinner and we just put a new covering, a new suit coat upon him. But many times you got a new coat, but the man on the inside is dirty. And brother Bam says, you know, I'm not interested in getting new coats on the men, but I'm interested in in in getting new men in the coats. How many just want to say, Lord, I want that in my life more than anything. Don't give me a a conformity on the outside, but change the the man that's inside of the coat and be transformed. Be changed. It means to be made something different. He takes that example of that tadpole that transforms. The power of transformation. He turns him from a tadpole into a frog and it becomes an entirely new creature. Let me tell you something. He don't swim anymore. He jumps. He hops. You say, "What does that mean, brother Matt?" It means his behavior is nothing like his old behavior. He acts different. He talks different. He walks different. And when the power of God really comes into the soul of a man, he will walk different. He will Come on, somebody. He will talk different. He will look different. Amen. Amen. He will put off the old man and the new man will take place. A new creature born again. The Bible says by God's word, by the incorruptible seed, that's the word of God. The only thing that doesn't have the curse upon it is this new life in Christ. And so, he talks about this, and I just want to go just a little bit further in this. And he talks about that that there's got to be a willingness to change. There's got to be something that that we we we've got to be willing for God to come in a in a divine supernatural act and transform every part of our life, every part of our conversation, every part of our per person, the things that we dwell upon. That's what Ephesians 4 was speaking of. That you put off the old man, you put on the new man. No corrupt communication, no corrupt thoughts, no corruption in the person. The curse has been lifted and you now live under Romans 8, the law of liberty to the believer. Can you say amen this morning? Just bear with me and pull on the word of God as I just develop the Lord just filling this inspiration. I just want to give it to you this morning. I believe it'll be a blessing to you. So he he talks further about creation and the power of Genesis 1. I want you to to notice something about Genesis 1 because many times we we would think that Genesis uh 1 in the beginning was all about creation. But can I just change that narrative in your mind that Genesis was not about creation. Genesis was about restoration. Because the Bible says that before the power of creation spoke, the world was in a condition of unrest. It was in a condition of of of darkness and a and a and a darkness covered the face of the of the waters. And it was the the earth w needed creation, but it creation brought restoration. Amen. Hold on to that just for a minute. I said sometimes the power of creation in our life brings the power of restoration. Amen. Because sometimes God has to start in our heart at the very bare bones. Nothing there. Cut it down to the root. Because restoration can only begin after, let me say it and be careful how I say this just to uh make sure you don't miss my point. Sometimes before a broken situation can ever be restored, it has to hit rock bottom. Amen. Hello, somebody. You go all the way back to the beginning uh in in in that restoration there in the book of Acts. I'm sorry, in the in the book of Genesis. It's a picture here uh of a of a of a world that was without form. It was without it was it was without form at void and darkness covered the face of the waters. And so, Brother Brandon preaches this power of transformation to to to not just show us what God did in Genesis, but that your world can also become without form and your world can also be covered by darkness. Talking about real world problems here, real people that live in real lives and face real battles. and live in also a garden of Eden in your own home, in your own marriage, your relationships. Amen. Your your your your your your life here that you that you live as a believer is very much like a garden of Eden. Listen to what brother Bandam says here. And and I just have this brothers. I sent that, brother Kevin. You could display that. He said in in the future home of the heavenly bridegroom in the earthly bride in this new earth. Let's look at it for a few minutes. Now in this new earth the skies listen if he doesn't have it just listen as I read it here. He says in this new earth let's look at it. The skies will never be black again. That's from the curse. Yeah. Never be angry clouds. Winds will never blow across her like that. Amen. She'll never tear up the trees and tear up the houses and turn over things. Lightning and the wrath will never belch from Satan across there and kill a man walking down the road or burn up a building. Talking about tornadoes or wildfires. No more. There will be no more typhoons sweep down or storms and tornadoes and tear up houses and kill little children. Uh-uh. Won't be no more. trying to destroy it won't be there. Satan is cast out. Amen. G. Don't you long for that day? Heavens and earth, he says, I'm just going to advance it here. I can do that. He says, heavens and earth have met. God and man is reconciled. And notice that progression. Heavens and earth have finally met. Right now, what are you in, brother Matt? You're in the process of heaven meeting earth. God and man now is in the process of being reconciled. But one day we'll be fully reconciled. A restored Eden has begun. See, all the curse, I love this. All the curse is gone. A restored Eden, a a a a restored atmosphere, a restored condition. I love this so much. Let me just find my place here. A restored atmosphere. You just forgive me just for one moment. Thank you, Lord. I want you to just to dwell with me here and get in get in the the way of thinking that that the Lord has just had me in just over the last few days here. I want you just to imagine. We know that when we speak about the the a millennial kingdom, we know that prior to heaven, prior to time ceasing, uh there first is a millennial reign. How many believe that? Amen. And in that millennial reign, there will be uh uh 10,00 this is this is this is part of the of the restoration that God refers to as the kingdom. You see, in that kingdom, that that heavenly kingdom that we speak about, it's it's referring to this time to where we're still in time. There's still sin, but sin has been bound. Sin has been by, brother Brandham said, Satan had been bound by a chain of circumstance. How many remembers him saying that? So that that heavenly kingdom meeting is brother Brandham says, heavens and earth have met. God and man is reconciled. A restored Eden has begun. I want you to notice this because brother Brandham talks about this in the seventh seal. And he says we must remember that this seventh seal is the end of time. The things written in the seven sealed book, the plan of redemption before the foundation of the world, it every bit ends. It is the end. I love how he says this right here. It is the end of the struggling world. Yes. It is the end of struggling nature. It is the end of everything in there. It's the end of the trumpets, the end of the vials. It's the end of the earth. It's the end of time. Time runs out. The Bible said so. Revelation 7, the 10th chap that uh time runs out. Revelations 10:7. The angel says time will be no more. Everything runs out in this time. At the end of this seventh seal, notice it's the end of the church age. It's the end of the trumpets, the end of the vials, even the end the he says an even end the ushering in of the millennium. That's on the seventh seal. So he talks about this ushering in. We know that what takes place after for believers is not heaven. After the rapture is not heaven. And you've got an entire tribulation period of 3 and 1/2 years that the world begins to feel the full wrath of God, the belching wrath of God as it pours into the entire earth, entire world, and we're at the marriage supper of the lamb. Thank God I'm not here for any part of that. I won't be connected to that dimension of chaos. I'll be in a heavenly dimension where the marriage supper of the lamb. Friends, I don't know about you, but I've got a place at that table. I've got a place, and I intend to be there. I don't intend to be here when the judgments begin to fall. You say, "How, brother Matt, because I've I've heard the the the the the the I've heard the the marriage sermon, and I've prepared myself." The Bible says, "The bride hath made herself ready." And so, so he notices here that before that, there's a there's a wedding supper going on. And then you come from that and you enter into this millennial world. The Bible speaks about it in re revelations 19 uh and 20. And he talks about how that Christ would come and he would establish his millennial kingdom and that new heaven and and and then the new heaven, sorry, and the earth which is out of time. Remember the millennium is still in time, right? Amen. And so notice he says here, he says, uh, let me just find my place here. He goes further and I don't want to take time to read it too much, but can I just get your minds just to capture here for a moment. Can you imagine a world? Can you imagine a world that you can live in? Talking about a real place that feels just like this one. Tangible just like this one. Life of people. As brother Adam said, living real lives. Can you imagine a a a a a world where righteousness prevails always? Hallelujah. Can you imagine a a world being ruled by a sovereign king? Let me just ask you this question here because in the mind of God, the kingdom of God is I is so different than the democracy system that we have today where we have either parliament, you know, or here we have an elected official and you got, you know, you got the branch of government the and and and we, you know, we men are men can't just they're not kings. They can't just rule forever, you know, uh and just keep ruling. Thank God we don't live under that kind of uh government. uh where a man could just rule forever, but we we can vote them out. We don't like them, we could put them in. But can you imagine being ruled? Let me just ask you it this way. Would you like to be living under today in this world without a say in a vote, unable to vote for who your elected official is, who your president is? He's just placed over you. None of us, not not one of us would sign up for that. You know why? Because we live in a sin-cursed world. Amen. And we know that men are cursed with sin. Can you say amen? Men are cursed with sin. So, no, I I would never want to live in that kind of pl I would never want to live in a place where there's a king ruling and a and a and a dynasty of a king and then when he dies, his son rules. It's all good as long as the king's a good king. Yeah, that's right. But it ain't so good when he's not a good king. Amen. So, you say, "Brother Matt, dear, you know, we don't we don't want no kingdom, no no rule of kings." Well, give me two seconds here to convince you that actually a kingdom ruled by a king is the best type of of government that God has ever created. That's right. Amen. As Church Hill famously said, democracy is the worst form of government except all the rest. In other words, it's the it's the best of the worst. Amen. But how about a king who's always just? Think about that just for a moment. How about a king who would love his people so much that he would give his life and lay down his life for his people? Amen. How about a king who's perfect in his rule, who never makes a mistake? a a a a a a king where his dominion and his reign doesn't allow poverty, doesn't allow doesn't allow hunger. In his kingdom, no one goes hungry. Amen. And his kingdom, there are no poor. And his kingdom, he it's it's it's it's over. It's o it's it's it's a kingdom that that that has no effect of the curse of sin. Hallelujah. I'm talking about a king ruled by God, King Jesus. Can you imagine a world here where goodness, which is godness, because there's none good but God. And true godliness only comes from God. Goodness comes from God. Where goodness dominates the society. Where everything is fair and equitable. Can you imagine a world where there's peace from shore to shore? Amen. Total and lasting peace, no war, no jealousy, a world where there's just joy and happiness. Can you imagine a world where health is so widespread that there is no sickness? Amen. There is no cancer. There is no disease. Can you imagine that kind of a world? I plan to live in one that kind of world one day. Amen. The Bible speaks about children will play with the adder. It talks about lions feeding as the ox even wolves you know uh mingling with the lambs. There is no desire. There is no death. There is no murder. There is no violence. The Bible says where lambs and lions will walk together where where bears and cows this is what the scripture speaks of. Uh uh uh it talks about a world where there everything is plenteous. There is nobody in any want. There's no one experiencing depression or fear. Amen. Or anxiety. Can you just imagine a perfect world where Eden has been restored? Amen. Can you imagine a world ruled by just one person with a perfect mind, a perfect heart, a perfect will, a perfect word? He never makes a mistake. One who enacts perfect judgment and justice, perfect wisdom, and he's loving and he rules by his word. Can you imagine where a world where uh this is what the millennium speaks of? Because the Bible talks about how that God will rule. Know you not that you shall judge angels, the saints shall judge the earth. So who will be part of this great dominion that God has? It will be the elected bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Can you imagine? Let me let me just tell you what the the scripture speaks about it here just for a moment. Can you imagine that type of place? Cuz I'm talking to you about a restored Eden, a real a a reality that actually exists. Say, "Brother Matt, that sounds great. Can I just get you to go on further with your imagination this morning?" Amen. Can you imagine a home with no stress? None. Amen. Can you imagine a home with no stress ever? Can you imagine a home with no arguments? Praise God. Amen. Oh, I guess y'all don't argue in your home, do you? I already got that kind of you live in heaven on earth. Well, you're at church. You better get to the altar. Can you imagine a home where there's no shouting across the room? No slam doors. Can I get Can I be real with you here today? Amen. How many Christians want to take off your angel wings and your halos? Come on. Say, "I live real life." This is what brother Brandon talks about. The end of a struggling world. Listen, friends, let me just say this. The struggle is by design. Yeah. Amen. Brother Brandon preaches that in and and and and a super sign. And he says, "Everybody wants a super something. They always want this super this and a super highway and a and he said they they imagine this perfect this perfect world with no problems and no trouble. That world is coming." But I got news that world is not now and the struggle is part of the story. You cannot have a perfect Eden without the struggle. True. Amen. I would love it. I would love it if I could cut my grass and never have to cut it again. I would love it if just one hard day of labor would be all I had to do and work from the sun up till sun down. And man, I would I'd I'd sweat and I would I you know, if if I knew it was just going to be that one day and after I cut all the grass and pulled up all the weeds, it would never grow again. But I got news, it don't work that way. Cuz that grass in the springtime, those weeds that you pull up, you look at it, oh, look how beautiful it is. Come about 3 days later and you got a little weed that sprouts up right in the middle of your manicured yolan. What is it? It's a constant struggle. This is what God told Adam. You've got to tend it. Don't ever get complacent. Don't ever think that a victory is final because on the other side of that victory is a valley. On the other side of that victory is a test. On the other side of that high experience where you just feel like you can take on the world, there's waiting a test to mold your character. And you can't sit down. You can't get complacent. You've got to say, "I'm going to pick up my sword. I'm going to fight another day. I might have fallen down. I might have I have dirt on my face, but I'm going to get back up. I'm going to go back out there and wage war with the devil. Yes, sir. This is part of the struggling world. We're going to a world where there is no struggle. Hallelujah. But right now, God has intentionally by design placed us in a place where we can live in an Eden, an atmosphere of health and harmony and unity. But you've got to fight for every inch of ground. Amen. That God gives you. And you know what? God doesn't just give it to you all overnight. Amen. Let me say this to you Christians here. How many believers do we have here today? God never intended to give you success overnight. As a believer, there is no such thing as a microwaved or o overcoming life. You can't open a can of of over of overcoming and just, you know, a canned life of a victorious Christian. It don't happen that way. Amen. You got to fight for it. It's a struggle. Go read Deuteronomy chapter 4 and the Bible tells them that God said to Moses, he said, "The land I've given you, thank God it's a promise. Thank God it's your inheritance. Thank God I got my inheritance in the land. But then there's a very important key to unlock that inheritance. He says, "And I will not give it to you in one day, but I will give it to you little by little." Amen. Amen. You know why he says that? He says, "So that the land so that I don't just give it all to you." And then he says, "Then the land overtake you." So God's path to Eden is little by little by little by little. And the more little that you get, the bigger it becomes. Amen. Amen. But God never intended to give us this overnight. It's a struggle. Can can do you do you do you are you glad to know that the struggle that you're in was designed by God? Amen. He absolutely made it that way. He put the snakes there for you to have to keep out of your garden. Amen. Amen. Let me go further. Imagine a place where there's no slam doors. There's no silent treatment. There's no tension. Yeah. Come on. Just peace. Just love. Yeah. Just joy. A place where everyone is known, everyone is valued, everyone is loved. This was Eden and this has begun. I want you I want you just to take your mind here just for a moment because I'm going to speak to you about vision. I'm going to speak to you about not looking at what you see now. Because brother Matt, what you talk about is so ethereal, so way out there, unreachable. Well, let me just tell you something today. In order to get there, you've got to have a vision of where God's taking you, not where you're at currently. Amen. Can I say this? Restoration, when a man goes to restoring something, he's got to have a vision of the finished product. If he looks at the ruin that's in front of him, it will so overwhelm him that he'll never start the process of restoration. Amen. And sometimes our life can get so broken, our eating can get so overgrown. There can be so much stress and so much trouble that we just lose sight of even trying and we sort of put down our shovels and put down our picks and put down our chainsaws because it's just too overwhelming. The growth is just too much. But you've got to have a vision. Yeah, you've got to have a vision of not today, but might maybe not tomorrow. Maybe not even next year, but God's going to do it. And it may be little by little, but what are you going to do? I'm going to put one step in front of one foot in front of the other foot, and I'm going to march until I have what God has promised me. Amen. Can you just hear think of that here just for a moment? This was Eden. only peace, only the presence of God, not just a garden, but a a a blueprint for what God intended. A place where there's no corruption, a place where heaven meets earth and every breath is filled with the shalom of God, the peace of God that passes understanding, the hope of God, the trust, and despite of varying circumstances, a trust that's unwavering, a confession that's unwavering. You say, "Brother Matt, what are you preaching on?" I'm preaching on what we can have today if we could just catch a vision. Stop looking at what's here and look beyond what what is here and what can be. Amen. So notice this here. I I I I love this so much because brother talks so much about this vision and he talks about how that the scripture even speaks about it that with without a vision the people perish. How many remember that scripture? that without a vision you the the the people perish. This is exactly what the scripture says. We talked about Wednesday about this uh this this this this garden of Eden, this perfect condition, this perfect place. But you notice what happens here when you when you when when when it becomes overran and overgrown. Let me let me read you a powerful word here. I thought this was so good. I just want it to sink in. It was by a man named PK Bernard years and years ago and he made a powerful statement about a vision and he says a man without a vision is a man without a future. A man without a vision is a man without a future. A man without a future will always return to his past. Amen. Think about that here for a moment. Without a vision to see beyond it. So the vision is actually the bridge. I'm not talking about the tangible. I'm talking about catching a vision of what can be. So the vision is the bridge between the present and the future. How do you get to the future? You got to have a vision. Yeah. So vision then will give pain a purpose. Vision will give struggle a purpose. Vision will give strife a purpose. Vision will give trials. How many's got trials? If you have a vision for why God has put you through that, it'll give a purpose to that trial. Otherwise, you look around and all you see is the destruction and the trouble and the current here and now. And if Satan can, he will stop your growth. He will stunt your growth. He will get you into that spirit of complacency. Well, I guess it's just how it's going to be. I guess it'll always be this way, and it'll never change. And if the devil can, he will suffocate you under that lie. And you'll go to your grave believing it can never change. But I'm trying to preach you out of that condition today to say, "Look beyond the current. Look beyond the here and now. Catch a vision of what God can do." Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, how many believes that here today? What God can do. You say, "Brother Matt, but you don't know how bad it is." Let me let me give you something that the Lord gave me. You know, sometimes it becomes so overwhelming. And you say, "How do I even begin?" Let me give you a very simple key. Start where you're at right now. It's as simple as that. Start right where. But you got to start. Everyone's looking for something great in the future to take place. And oh, it'll get better. But let me tell you, Eden's reachable. It's attainable. But you got to start where you're at right now. You got to use what you already got. Stop looking for what you don't have and look at what you do have. Already in Jesus, you've got the authority over every devil that comes to attack your home, your health, your body, your mind, your spirit. You don't need something out in the future. Friend, let me just say, you've already got the remedy. You've already got the antidote. You've already got the power, the authority. All you got to do is stop sitting on your seat of do nothing. Stop. Come on, somebody. Let us stop sitting on, oh, it'll get better. Oh, if this can ever happen, and stand up and start fighting where you're at right now. Look at the God who can, not at what you cannot do. You've got to use what you've got. You got to see a vision. I'm preaching to you this morning. I know I'm preaching to somebody here today. So, God is the one who gives that vision. He'll give you a picture. Let me say this. The God will give you a picture of where you're going before you ever get there. And Satan will give you a picture of a place that you'll never end up actually going. And he'll he'll create an image of fear in your life and let you live in that fear. And it's actually something that God will never allow to take place in your life. But if the devil can get you to believe that, he'll suffocate you and starve you of all the graces of God, thinking and living in that life that that lie that will never take place. But I got a word for you this morning. God will never promise you something that he won't keep in your own life. God will never give you a promise that he can't keep. God will never give you a word that he hasn't already secured your journey that you will end up there. You will arrive there. Stop thinking you'll never make it, church. You're going to make we're going to make it. It may pull us through a lot of fights and a lot of cuts and a and a lot a lot of trials, but we will arrive to our destination. You say, "How, brother Matt?" Because he spoke it. He promised it and I believe it with all of my heart. Hallelujah. It's a picture, something that's ahead of you. a vision of something God gives you. And you've got to live into that picture. You can't stop here. You can't stop at the here and now. You can't look at the broken. You've got to look at God's promise. Amen. Amen. A restored Eden, Brother Brandham says that has begun. A restored Eden has begun. Bear with me here just as I find my place. I want you to notice the importance of when God gives a vision or God gives a dream. We we don't want to I don't I'll just quote it for you. Joel chapter 2. No, turn turn there. Thank you, Lord. Turn there if you already had it. Good. I'm glad. We'll just read it here together. I know it's so familiar to you. You're This is uh uh um this is the scripture here that we we know was a fulfillment of the book of Acts, but I just want to take it here from Joel chapter 2. I think it's verse 28. Let me just f pull it up for me. I want you to notice this promise here in Joel chapter 2 about restoration. And God says here in verse 23, let's just begin there. He says, "Be glad you children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord God, for heath given you the former rain moderately. He will cause to come down to you the rain, the former rain, the latter rain in the first month. The floors shall be full of wheat." Is the floors full of wheat yet? Somebody answer me. Are they full of wheat yet? No, but they shall be. Notice the promise is always future. It's not the here. It's not the now, but they shall be. The floors shall be full of wheat, and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil. Verse 25. And I will restore. Somebody say, "Will." Amen. And I will. Not I might, not I may, not it might happen, but I will. You got to catch a hold of that, church. You got to catch a hold to say, "God, I don't believe you might, you maybe, you could. I got a confession here today to say everything that the devil has taken, God will restore it back to my life. Everything that the devil has came and robbed, he's a thief. He's a He's a He's a He comes to steal and kill. But here's what my vision says. God will." Not just God can. Somebody say, "God will." I will. I will restore to you the years. If you don't catch that vision, you'll stay in that ditch your whole life. If you don't catch a vision of what God not can do, but will do. Amen. Oh, I feel that all over me right now. What God will do, not can do, but what he's going to do. That's faith, my brother, my sister. That's when you really get a revelation of your healing of your body. That's when you get a revelation of the healing of your family. When you don't just say what God can do, what he might do, he might do for somebody else. But when you say, "My God said it. I believe it. He's going to do it. It may not happen today. It may not happen tomorrow, but I believe God's going to do it in my life." If anything the devil will do is get you to give up on your promise. to give up and just say, "Oh, I must have misunderstood it. I must have and got and Satan will get a person, a believer in such a discouraged state because they just give up. They lose their dream." Yeah. They lose their vision. They lose what God can do. Let's read it here together in verse 25. He says, "And I will restore to you the years that the locust has eaten the cankerm, the caterpillar, pommeor, my great army which I sent. You shall eat in plenty." I love that. "And be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord God that had dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be. You shall know that I'm in the midst of Israel and that I am the Lord your God." Here it is right here. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh and your sons. If you are a son here today under the age of 18, raise your hand this morning. Hold it up high. If you are under 18 and you are a son, raise your hand and hold it up. Keep it up. If you are a daughter today, under the age of 18, raise your hand here today. Raise them. Come on, somebody. Keep them up. If you are a girl, female, uh, a daughter, and you're the under the age of 18, raise that hand up. Come on, Amariah. I don't see that hand. Raise it up. You are my daughter. Oh, you're under not the age of 18. Okay, forgive me. You look at your kids at all times that they're 18 and younger. I want you to keep those hands up. How many dads we got here? How many fathers? Raise them up, dads. Hold them up. Come on. Don't Don't nobody put their hand down. How How many How many How How many mothers do we have? Raise your hand up here today if you're a mother. I want you to notice this here today. Your young men, your sons, your daughters. How many young men do we have here today? Come on. By faith, reach out there, you young man. Amen. Hold it up high. Come on. Why don't I see hands? Come on, somebody. Are you a do not a We don't have mothers and fathers. Young men, somebody have faith. How about you old men? Some of you that's honest enough to admit it. I'm an old man. Raise that hand up. Hold it up high. I want you to notice this here. H Now, I want you everybody in the middle who's not listed in old or young or son or daughter, raise up your hand this morning. I want you to notice this. This promise is to all of you. God, don't leave nobody out. Raise your hand. Say, "Lord, it's me." Don't point it. It's right here. It's me. You shall listen to what it says. He says here in verse 28, "I will pour out my spirit," somebody say this together, "won all flesh, your sons, your daughters, your old men, your young men." Amen. So notice the the the importance of this verse here that your old men dreams. I want you to look at this first time that that word the word that we get for revival. The first time that it's used, it's only used a few times in the Bible, but the first time revival is used is to an old man. Think about that here for a moment. To revive the weak. To revive the old. That's God's intention to give an old man a dream because he's always remembering what was. He's always remembering what God did. He's always he's at that point of life to where he's he's crossed a transition and he's not so much looking back in a way to say I want to go back there. He's look, he's got to a place in his life to where he knows the God that could and the God that did is the God who still will and the God who's going to do. And it's to a man named Jacob actually whose dream his son Joseph who he thinks is dead. He he he was the type Joseph you could say was the dream. It was the it was the promise that he had received. But now this old man had gotten to a place in his life to where he had given up hope. He had given up on the dream. For all for what he believed, Joseph was dead. For what he believed, he didn't know how he died. Didn't know his end, what had happened to him. All he knew is Joseph was no was dead. You know what the Bible records? It records that Joseph saddles up horses and came or camels and he puts upon him wagons, loads of wagons of goods and food and and all kinds of thing. And the Bible says that Joseph sent back the wagons with his brothers and said, "Give this to Jacob." And your Bible says that when Jacob seen the wagons, he knew Joseph was alive. And the Bible says when he seen the wagon, this is the first time that word revive is used. The spirit of Jacob revived. So what was an old man getting a dream realizing that what he had given up on, God was still going to do in his life. Oh, I hope somebody catches it today. Don't you give up on your promise God gave you. Say, "God, revive my spirit this morning." How many want that today? How many old men will say, "Revive, oh God, not the God of yesterday, but the God of today." You know, he says, "Your old men shall dream dreams, and your young men shall see visions." So, it would be important for old men to dream, but it would be just as important for young men to see visions. Amen. What was a vision? It's the God of possibility. I love that, brother Brandham. And once more, Lord, he says, Samson, do you know this is the first time that that word vision, one of the first times you will find this prophecy coming to pass, young men seeing visions, is a young man who had lost his vision, who had who had who had lived so apart from the purpose and the plan of God for his life that he finds himself with a prostitute. He finds himself in her lap. She shaves off his hair. He loses his strength. He's bound in a prison. He's put as a a as a mockery to the enemy. Here was an Israelite who was born a seed of Abraham. Anointed to do a job but had failed miserably for his job. Failure had become such a place in his life to where he was not only had no strength, but further than that, he was bound by the enemy with feathers of brass. And worse than that, they had plucked out his eyes. They had put out his vision. Oh, I think about the way that sin does so many young men. It gets to such a place of shame and and it'll wreck you. It's a poison like a poisonous snake that will destroy every part of your life. And it will not just take your strength away, young man. You feed on that spirit. It will rob you of every strength that you have. It'll rob you of every every virtue that God your mother and your father has striven to place in you. Sin will will bring a curse upon your life. And you you have no power and and and no strength. And worse than that, Samson was bound. Oh, can I preach here today? Sin will bind you into such a place. It It's like that p like that bo that king snake I seen who wraps himself around his victim and robs him of his strength. Amen. And then if you allow it, it'll go further than that and it will put out your eyes. Wow. And then you can't see. You never seen a person who can't see. They they have to trust in feeling. You have to trust in in other senses outside of that sense. But let me just say this. God never intended to save you to walk blindly. But he intended to give you the Holy Ghost, which was a vision uh for what God can do in your life. But we've got we we we have people that are so so bound with sin that they can't see beyond their failure. They can't see beyond the circumstances here today. Oh, but can I tell you that my Bible says, "Your old men shall dream dreams, and your young men shall see visions." And the first man who got his vision back was a man named Samson who had disgraced the name of God, failed the name of God, walked away from the vision of God. But God was going to say, "I'm going to give the vision back to a man who has fallen. And in his vision, in his death, God's going to do more in his death than he can do in his life. And brother Baram says, "What happened to Samson?" He caught the vision of possibility. Hallelujah. Amen. I said he caught the vision of what I did was wrong. What I did was a wreck. But I caught a vision of what God can do in my life. Amen. And the Bible says the hairs of his head started regrowing again. I believe God can give you your hair back. Satan might have stripped it away from you and stripped you of all virtue, but God can grow everything that Satan has taken away from you and he will give it back. Amen. It's a young man catching a vision of what God can do in his life. He caught the vision of possibility. Samson had not done that, he would have lived as a mockery. But because he caught a vision of what God was going to do in his life, he died a victor. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. So it starts with this. It was a vision. Jacob gets his gets his v gets his dream back. Samson gets his vision back. And the Bible says without a vision the people perish. I think of men like David who had gotten to such a place in his life in Ziglag where it looked hopeless. You know the story when he goes and he's living not not you know in sin per se but backslid developed you know it got to such a place to check out from the pressure of life. He goes and settles in Ziglag, his family, his wife, his, you know, his children, his daughters. And and he gets in a mess there. And and the Bible says they come back and they cross over the hill and there's smoke and and David realizes his wife is captured, his daughters are captured, his home is destroyed. Amen. I talk talking about a discouraging place. Yeah. And he gets to such a place to where he's so discouraged. The Bible says that the men who had fought with him, you know, had began to weep. And the Bible says it this way, they cried until they had no more tears. Men who lost their wife, lost their children, thought all hope was lost. Yeah. Amen. And and the Bible, I love how the Bible says that he says that David, you know, even himself was discouraged because the men he heard them murmuring. They he heard the men talking about killing him. These were his men. Amen. Men who who he would give his life for. Now they wanted to stone him. That's what the scripture says. They spoke of stoning him. And David got so discouraged because his Eden, his perfect place had been so overran by the devil and it and and now it was utter destruction and chaos in his life. The Bible says that the men spoke of stoning him that he would lose it all that he was going to that he had not not lose it all but had lost it all. You know, let me let me just say this here as I just close here just today. Let me bring this wine this on down to a close. It It's so powerful because if you look at throughout even history, it it would it would it would take men it would take something inside of a man to believe in something more than what his current situation told him. He would have to catch a vision. And you think of brother Brandham talking about it in countdown how that they had to take that that that the the the the materials that were already there to believe that there was something beyond it. It was a man actually by the name of Christopher Columbus. You could you know very well the story of Christopher Columbus and and his discovery of the new world. We know his story very well. But let me just say that that the reason why Columbus discovered the the new world was not just because, you know, he just randomly happened upon it, but there was there was something inside of him. There was a there was an eagerness of discovery. There was a there was a something more, let me say, more than a curiosity, but something that drove him to believe there's something beyond what we have settled for. Yes. Amen. When the rest of the world, even some believing that the world was flat, that's not the main reason why Columbus set sail. But but one of the, you know, the the people that was against him just believed that you'd go to try to discover a new word, you'll fall off the edge of the earth. Or and one man said that that sea monsters and dragons and and and will will just, you know, will will eat your boat up and destroy all of you. There was just naysayers. Listen, the devil will put any kind of fear he can upon you. he'll to make up any kind of mythical story upon you what's going to happen to you. But Columbus wasn't going to allow the naysayers to stop him. The the history records he was laughed at. He had a theory that his theory said there's something beyond what we see here. There's something beyond what we know already. There's something past this. It was met with great skepticism and people laughed at him, made fun of him because he he believed that there was more than what men had discovered. Queen Isabella, history tells us that the queen of Spain gives him a commission and gave him the money and he financed Christopher Columbus to and his crew in the journey that he would take a ship and he would set out to, you know, uh to to to to to discover. And so what's amazing is because a paradigm shift occurred in his own life and crew that he had that would be willing not just to go but to risk their own life to risk everything to discover a place they had never been before. Amen. Think about that here for a moment. When Abraham leaves everything he had ever known, this was the father of the faith. And God says, "Get up, Abraham." And Abraham starts a journey to go to go seek a place that he had never known. A place he had never been before. That's why the Bible says Abraham sought a city whose builder and maker was God. Amen. What was it? There was something in Abraham. He wasn't going to settle for the here and now. He wasn't going to just settle for the norm, the status quo, but he was going to pick up everything he had known and he was going to seek and a city whose builder and maker was God. I think of the pioneer what even the word pioneer means. It's a person with vision to see beyond the here and now. pioneers who broke barriers and pursued a vision beyond what was visible or what you could say was accepted by everybody around them. You think of great stories of invention and exploration. And what you'll find is is even men like Thomas Edison, I love this so much. He he was dubbed the wizard of Menllo Park. He believed he could harness electricity to light up the world at a time when gas lamps was the only light that men had. He he created and you know that he creates the incandescent light bulb. But let me tell you about that incandescent light bulb. It was filled with failure. It was filled with no success. It was filled with attempt after attempt after attempt with no results. Some of the greatest places God can take you will be filled with some of your deepest failures. Some of the greatest places God will bring you will will on the journey will have mistakes and missteps and you'll come up short. Oh yeah. Come on. Amen. Edison reportedly tested thousands of materials from bamboo to cotton thread with little to no success. What did he do, brother Matt? Did he give up? No, cuz he couldn't give up. There was something inside of him that would not let him give up. Amen. And rather than give up, you know what he did? He reframed the narrative. The narrative was you failed. That's what was true. He failed. A reporter asks him about his many unsuccessful attempts and Edison replied, "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." It's funny, but you know what he was doing? He was changing the narrative of failure. I hope you get a hold of that today. You can look at your life in one of two ways. You could look at your life and say, "It's just been a failure and I've made a lot of mistakes and it'll I never amount to nothing." If you let the devil do the speaking and do the talking, that's what your confession will be. Or you can say, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but God is faithful to deliver them from them all. There is no saint. The only difference between the sinner and the saint is the saint falls down, but he gets back up again. He keeps pursuing and pressing beyond his failures. Edison says, "I found 10,000 ways that don't work." We know the story that he discovers. And and he toils day and night until he has a breakthrough. And you know what that breakthrough was? It was a breakthrough out of darkness into light. And sometimes the devil wants to get you into such darkness in a place in your life, you can't see the light. Oh, but I believe for a breakthrough. I believe for a breakthrough, I believe you've got to first believe that God can break you through. You first got to believe it, then you got to confess it. Come on, somebody. Then you got to confess it. Oh, it was men like we've preached on before. Like the Wright brothers, Wilbur and Orbal Wright were two bicycle mechanics, worked on bicycles, and but they had a dream. They had a dream that men can fly. In the early 1900s, it was ridiculed and laughed at and and and and you know, they they they they were put to scorn and put to shame that a man could ever fly. Government had had had financed a thousand dollar I think it was at that time, which would be equal to tens of thousands today. Educated men and scientists to discover if man could fly. You know what all their education told them? It's impossible. It'll never happen. Did that slow down two country boys from North Carolina who had no education? They had no Come on, somebody. Sometimes education gets in the way of revelation. Sometimes our intellect of what we know and we're so familiar with. But in order to to to see beyond in order to see the new world, you can't look at the existing world. You got to catch a vision. Amen. Not God can, but God will. Amen. It didn't slow them down. They developed a a flying machine. It was they they they started having this idea and just one week before the right success a promma editorial pro prominent editorial proclaimed it might take one to 10 million years if it's possible for man to fly. You know what they did those right boys they started they stopped listening to the naysayers and they start looking at things that were already flying. They studied the eagle. They studied birds because what were they doing? They were they were looking they caught the vision of possibility. And they stopped at looking at what couldn't and what could. Not wasn't, but what was and they studied birds and how birds flew and glided. And they knew that this can be achievable by men. After years of painstaking experiments on remote sand dunes, it was on December 17th in 1903 in Kittyhawk, North Carolina that the right flyer lifted off the ground for a grand total of 12 seconds and then it crashed. It's a lot like God does in our life. He don't just give us all the victory. He lets us get up to see what's possible just for a second and then we crash down like Peter did below the water. Oh, but let me just say to you, my brother, my sister, don't let your crash discourage you. It might have only been just for a second that you walked in victory. Let it inform you that there's a vision of possibility. Stop looking at the naysayers and look at what God can do, what he will do in your life. Yeah, it was 12 seconds, but it was humanity's first powered flight. Even that triumph was met with skepticism. Newspaper ignored the story. Observers dismissed the brief flight as insignificant. It really didn't matter. And so, you know what the Wright brothers did? They kept on going. They kept on pursuing. They kept on pressing. And they pursued five more years all in the face of naysayers. And in 1908, Wilbur Wilbur writes a letter. I love this letter so much to a a man. He's trying to express his his vision. And I I don't have it here before me, but you can go and read the letter online. Wilbur begins, I think it was, or Orville writes that letter and says, "I want to tell you I have I am afflicted with a disease of a belief that man can fly." You know, you can be afflicted with a belief. I believe believers can get afflicted with the belief. I'm not talking about doubt. So many people are afflicted by what can't happen, what won't happen, what never will happen to me. But but Wilbur said, "I'm afflicted with the belief." And he says, "And I fear that my affliction will cost me all my money and it might even cost me my life." 1908, 5 years later, he goes to France and they lift off the ground. You know how long this flight was? Two minutes. Amen. Two minutes. You know what it did? It changed the skeptics of what could never happen to what could happen. It changed the narrative of failure and failure and attempts and it'll never be. It'll never happen to me. It'll never be in my home. It'll never be in my life. It'll never happen. Miracles happen, but they'll never happen to me. Restoration happens, but it can't happen to me. It's too late. The ship's already sailed. I've just settled for what I see, and I'm okay with the world I'm living in now. But let me tell you, Christopher Columbus wasn't going to settle for the world he lived in. He was going to persevere beyond all of the naysayers and all of the skeptics, even his own men who had risked their entire life. And you know what? You know what happens? Those men start speaking a mutiny after they sail or forget for how long it was. And you know, all they could see was the seas. That's all they could see was the seas. All they could see was the waves. And they they they go on and they get to the point to where even his own soldiers, even his own I'm sorry, his own sellers, his own men begin to speak of mutiny just like David. But the Bible says David caught a vision. Something happened to David. And the scripture says it this way that David encouraged himself in the Lord. Amen. I'm talking about when you can get to a place to where you don't depend on the encouragement from a brother or a sister or a pastor or a church or a mother or a father. And God says, "Stop looking for your encouragement from those things that are around you." But it's laying right inside of you. It's got to start right here. David said, "I'm going to encourage myself in the Lord." And God gives him a God gives him a message. You shall recover all, David. Everything that you lost is going to be restored to you, David. And his men speaks of stoning him. You can imagine Columbus after he's given it all thought he was crazy. But you know what? Just 4 days later, I think it was, or two days later, they see the first sign of land. Amen. And he wasn't even looking for the US. He wasn't looking for America. He's looking for some place. I think it was in Italy or or in China. That's where he was trying to go. What he set off to discover. Actually, God had bigger plans. Come on, somebody. Sometimes we settle for the little and God's wants the great. God wants to give us so much more. And they they discover that land. Well, guess what happens? Guess what happens? Oh, yeah. It's a great discovery. My goodness. Christopher Columbus has discovered the new world. And and he discovers the the new world. You know how quickly, just overnight almost, just very quickly, it became a regular thing to travel from the old world to the new world. Yeah. It became to go back and forth. Isn't it amazing? What once was thought impossible, now everybody just accepts those Wilbur Wilbur brothers, now we don't have 12 or two minutes of flight. Man, you can go 14 hours, 15 hours on a plane. Now it's a common thing. Come on, somebody stay with me here. Now it's a common thing. It's accepted. We can do it. He was once thought crazy. But now everybody does it. Now it's just they go back and forth to the to the to the new world. He gets spices and think it was that he was after and and and he brings silver and gold and all the beauty from the from America. He brings it back and he brings it back. But you you know what happened a a after a while become as I said it became a regular thing to go back and forth. He discovers that new world he brings back all kinds of things from America the American shores. But you know what go read history. You say what did Columbus do after that brother Matt? Did he go back and just kick up his feet and retire cash in? No. He still believed there's more. Yeah. Amen. because something in him would not let him settle for where he had attained to. But like Paul said, I forget those things which are behind me and I press towards the mark of the high calling in Christ Jesus. And he wasn't going to settle with what was normal. He wasn't going to just camp down and hunker down and lose his fire, lose his passion, lose his will to discover more. But the but but history records to us that that he he after that he he doesn't it wasn't long he sets out on another journey. Surely just trying to find other places that weren't discovered. But you know what? You know what happens in Spain? the the the the the the the flare of selling a new world began to just dissipate. Noah's like, "Come on, man. Haven't you discovered enough? Just settle down. Be happy." Spain had become so so Listen, let me say this one. I hope you catch it. Spain had became so content with just going back and forth that they had lost their desire for more. Come on, friends. Sometimes we can. We didn't even know what a spiritual life was as a sinner. We didn't know what it was to be a Christian. We didn't know what it was to have a spiritual experience. Come to church, hear the preaching of the word of God, feel something pulsated in our heart, hear the praise and worship and the worship of the Holy Ghost. Man, some of us didn't know anything about that. And when we first experienced it, boy, it was like a brand new experience. It was like discovering a whole new world. And now everything has become new. But I'm afraid some of us have been content with just going to church. coming to church, that experience just begins to be so normal. Everybody goes to church and I'll come in and have my little feel and have my little social gospel and hear a good old sermon. Preacher's going to preach me happy and we'll go out to eat. Come on, friends. We don't never We can't settle for just coming to church and having regular church and regular services. Can I say there's more? There's more for us. I believe that what God wants to give us is not over. If anything, there's more waiting now than everything that God has given us in the past. It's not about settling down on what we've learned. It's about the desire for more. Amen. How many want that today? Amen. Not just to settle down in my walk with God, but to say, "Lord, there's more. There's a lot more you want to give me. a lot more you want to bring me to. Musicians, come if you could. He doesn't want us to settle down or colonize over what he's given us. But something inside of us needs to say, "Lord, I'm not going to settle for what I have. I'm going to believe." Listen, bow your heads with me just today as we close this service out. As we said, don't lose your vision for more, further, greater, greater than what God did. We settle down on what happened yesterday, thankful for it. But there's more. There's more. Can I just give you the burden of my heart? Every head bowed, please. Every eye closed, please. Just let the Lord deal with hearts here just for a moment. Yes, Lord. You got to break past those barriers. Break past what you've known. Like Edison, I've not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. But, Brother Matt, I failed so many times. Yeah. So did he. So did every discoverer. So did every man who's ever accomplished anything for the kingdom of God. It's been a life wrought with struggle. The Bible says in Galatians 6, don't grow, let us not grow weary and welloing. Don't let us faint, get tired, and no urge to go on, but we just settle down. I'm okay with it. It's good enough for me. Lord's brought me this far, and that's good enough. Friend, don't ever let that be your testimony. But believe that God has something more for you. God has a dream of an overcoming life. A vision of an overcomer. Vision of a a as we said a place with harmony. [Music] A place with as we said. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine here just for a moment no more of that strife in your life? That Eden represents peace. No tension. That Eden represents harmony. my a restored Eden. Now parallel that to your own life as your head bowed, eyes closed. Imagine a life with no sin, no shame, no guilt. Imagine waking up in the morning and never feeling anxious. No racing thoughts, no fear of tomorrow, no weight of yesterday. Imagine a heart free of resentment. You can have it where no bitterness lingers, no jealousy eating away at your peace that God wants to give you. No envy, no insecurity, no evil thoughts passing through your mind, creeping in, corrupting your your your daily life. No hatred that poisons you. No anger boiling beneath the surface. No discontentment, just a deep abiding satisfaction in who you are, cuz that's who God said you are. Imagine here, maybe you're not in that place of that Eden. But I'm just trying to get you to catch a vision. Catch a vision, young person. Catch a vision, Mom. Catch a vision today. Catch a vision of a life, a mind that's at rest that sleeps at night with no nightmare, no fear that you go to bed with, a soul that's in harmony with God, no guilt in your life. That's guilt suffocating. That was that life that was in Eden. That is that life that Jesus came to give you back by the power of transformation. Not just a day that will be, but something that can happen for you in your life right now. Something that God gives you and doesn't take back. You want it? You want it today? Want to say, "Lord, I've caught a vision of possibility of what can be in my life." Oh, raise that hand up. I see hands going up. Just do that to the Lord, not to brother Matt. Say, "Lord, I I'm going to I'm going to catch a vision today, a fresh vision of not what you might do, not what you could do, but I believe the God who will do, the God who will, I will. I will restore. I will give back. I you can live in that place where there's where that trouble that besetting sin that thing in your life. You can have a vision to live beyond that. Don't settle. Satan wants us just to settle in the here and now. But God was God's saying to somebody's heart today, there's more for you, child. There's more. Get up out of that ditch. Get up out of that spot in your life. that same routine of going back and forth and back and forth and oh, it just became normal. But a real Christian can never settle. A real believer can never settle. You know what history records? History says Columbus actually died blind. You know why he died blind? Cuz he navigated his boat not by maps. He navigated it by always looking at the sun. And history says he squinted his eyes so much to the new horizon cuz he never could believe that he had discovered everything. Friend, you say, "Brother Matt, what are you saying?" I'm saying that you should look into the eyes of not the su, but squint into the eyes of the s o n and look at that new horizon in your marriage, in your home, in your life, in your family, in your testimony. You need healing in your body. God can give you healing in your body. Look to that new horizon. Brother Bandham said it this way. Imagine a whole body and walk towards it. I'm afraid we've settled down and sat aside. But God wants to do so much more for us. He's restoring Eden. And it starts right here, right now. I raise my hand. I stand to my feet and I say, "Lord, restore Eden." Could you stand and say that? Lord, if restored Eden has begun, let it begin right here. Let it begin on not just my belief but my testimony, my confession. Let me start right now. Eden starts. Eden is restored to the believer. Lord Jesus. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you for that promise. Amen. Not you can, but you will. Not what might be, but what will be. You got to change the narrative that the devil wants to label you with. You got to change the label of what the Satan has tried to get you to sell you and it just accept it. Just settle down and say, "I believe what the word says. That's all that matters. I confess what he said about me. That's all that matters." Thank you, Jesus, that there's a vision of possibility in the greatest moments of failure in our life. The greatest moments when we think just Jacob did, Joseph is just dead and that dream is over. Oh, but the Bible says the spirit of Jacob was revived when he saw the evidence of a living son, Lord. And we've tasted, we've not just tasted of heaven. We've experienced it in our own soul, in our own life. And there's a vision of possibility, Lord. There's a power of transformation that can take that ruined state, that darkness that covers and light. You said, "Let there be light." Oh, your prophet tells us it it could have taken years for that to manifest, but the moment you spoke it, nothing could stop it. Many times, Lord, those promises are that way in our life. Maybe take time to manifest, but you spoke it and it's going to be. We believe it, Lord. We believe it, Jesus. I wonder if you just want to raise your hand to the Lord now and say, "God, will you start right here? Restore, rebuild, renew. Lord, if I've been like Samson, let me get my vision back. Restore. Lord, rebuild it. I'm taking it back today." As David said, I'm going to recover all that the enemy has taken from me. Both great, the Bible says, and small. His wives, his daughters, his sons. You weren't going to leave anybody out, Lord. You were going to give it all back to him. That's what you're doing, Lord. Restoration. We live in that hour of restoration, God. We live in this in the moment where you're restoring all things. Help us, Jesus. I pray you love him, friends. Love him this morning. Why don't we just worship him here? Just before we go, let's just close our eyes, raise our hands, and just sing to him. Brother Matthew go. We've been made more than Oh, yes. Overcomes in this love. Yes, Lord. We've been made victorious. Through the blood. Through the blood of Jesus. Oh, sing that like you mean it now. We've been made. We've been made coner overcomes overcomes in this. Oh, don't look to the now. Look to the guy who will we through the blood of Jesus. Yes. [Applause] We made victory through the blood of Jesus. You're worthy of it all. Could we sing that for her with the verse? You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Applause] You deserve the glory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. And you are you deserve glory. Sing it again if you could verse now. Sing this with me if we could. All the saint angels for your elders. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, [Applause] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Sing that bridge now. Oh, day and night. Night and day. [Music] Heat. Heat. You're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Yes, you are. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Give him a hand. Clap him with praise if he would. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We're going to let you go. Amen. And be dismissed. You love the Lord Jesus. You feel refreshed. Feel your hearts filled. Amen. If they're not, just say, "Lord, fill it up today." Amen. Don't leave out of this place empty. Amen. God can fill you. Amen. We're going to let you go. I wonder if we could try that song we taught a couple maybe a couple Wednesdays ago. Can y'all sing that? Help me. Amen. Let's try it together just as we as we go. I thought it was so good. Amen. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was made for more. Should have that, brother Kevin. I was tending a grave. I was called by name. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. I was made to be born to Yeah. Heat. Oh, [Applause] heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. I was too in the grave. I was by born and raised back to life again. I was made from Heat. Heat. I was amazed. Heat. Heat. Heat. I know you are. I know I know who you are. The cross of Now I am chosen free Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I was made through. Sing something else. Change it. Amen. Amen. Friends, at your own leisure, on the fear of the Lord. We'll see you Wednesday night. We're just going to keep singing. Amen. Word worshiping the Lord. Amen. down from his glory ever living story. [Music] My God and Savior King and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own to his own strange a sorrow tears and God. [Music] Oh, [Music] how you [Applause] my soul? The great creator became my savior and all God's [Applause] What kind [Applause] bringing us redemption that in the dead of night [Music] one faithful Oh son God gracious you laid aside
