################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 250416- Jason Watkins:The Daughter of Zion - Jason Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   250416- Jason Watkins:The Daughter of Zion
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkudjBomGok
========================================

Blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name. Sing that again now. Blessed be blessed be [Music] blessed be your name. [Music] Blessed be oh blessed be blessed be your name. You want to raise your hands and sing it now. Blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name. Oh, telling the Lord that. Oh, blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Blessed be Lord. Let your people and let your people proclaim you are holy. That you are holy. You are holy God. as we lift up your name. Oh, and give gloryy. Oh, gloryy to your name. Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Blessed be, blessed be your name, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Oh, blessed be, blessed be, bless. Oh, that sounds so good. Let's make him feel welcome. Blessed be Oh, blessed be. Blessed be blessed be your name. Lord, blessed be blessed be. Oh, bless. Okay, let's lift this up. Let your people and let your people proclaim. Oh yes, that you are holy. [Music] You are holy, God. As I lift up your name and give and give gloryy, [Music] oh glory. Sing that again. Let your people and let your people proclaim. Oh yes, you are holy. You are holy, God. As we lift up your name and give and give gloryy. Glor glory to your name. Blessed be this. Sing that now softly. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name Lord. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name. Let's sing Jesus is coming soon. Let's go to that key of C. Amen. Do you believe that the Lord is coming soon? Amen. This is an oldie goldie singing together from the beginning. Uh give me that first verse. Uh Jesus is coming. Troublesome times are here. You know, I think the lyrics says they're near, but they're here. Troublesome times are here. Amen. Filling men's heart with fear. But freedom we all hold dear is now at stake. Give me that second part to that, Brother Josh. Amen. But humbling, humble your hearts to God. Be safe from the chassening rod. How many want to seek the way pilgrims trot? Amen. And then Christians awake. Let's sing it together. Troublesome times are here. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me start it all. Troublesome times are here. Filling men's hearts with fear. Truth that we all hold dear. Put your hands together now. Oh, humble your heart to God. Be safe from the chastineing rock. Seek the way pilgrims drop. Christians away. Oh, Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead will rise. Righteous feet in the sky. Going where no one ever dies. Heaven were bound. Sing it now. That's not the right verse. That's fine. Troubles will soon be or happy for him. I'm glad about it when we meet on that shore. Free from all care. Rising up in the sky, telling this world goodbye. Homeward we all will fly. Glory to share. Well, Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. Oh, and all of the dead will rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one ever died. Sing that again now. Oh Jesus is coming. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead righteous beated. Oh yes. Give me the first verse now. Troublesome times are here filling men's hearts with fear. Truth that we all hold dear now is at stake. Humble your heart to God. Be safe from the chastise rock. Seek the way pilgrims draw straw. Christians awake. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their dw. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead will rise. The righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one ever dies. Sing that again now. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. Oh, the dead will rise. Righteous feet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Heaven were bound. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Give him a real good hand clap and praise. Amen. We don't have Brother Luther back there. Um, Brother Caleb, would you come and just uh take up the offering? Amen. Tonight, don't see Brother Luther. Sister Melissa. So, amen. Why don't you greet your neighbor first? Why don't you turn around and shake somebody's hand? Welcome them, Amen. to the house of the Lord here on a Wednesday night. Amen. I want Brother Caleb just to come and take the tithes and offerings. Just open up the service in a word of prayer. Let's bow our hearts. Dear Lord, heavenly father, we just so love and appreciate you. We thank you for another opportunity that we do not take lightly. Yes, Lord. I pray Lord that we came here prepared, expecting, for I did. I know I'm going to receive something from you tonight. Yes. Pray that you bless these offerings and the tithes in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. Amen. Sing that song, Jesus Messiah. Mr. Deb. Amen. Not one that we sing often. Amen. So you just help me sing it. Jesus Messiah, [Music] the name above all names. Oh blessed redeemer, Emmanuel. Emmanuel, the rescue, the rescue for sin, the ransom from heaven. Oh yes, he is Jesus Messiah, [Music] the Lord of all. Sing that again now. Oh Jesus Messiah. Oh the name above all names. Oh blessed redeemer. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. [Music] Oh, the rescue for siners, the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah, the Lord of all. Try a verse now. Give me a verse. Oh, he became sin who knew no sin that he might come we might his righteousness [Applause] he humbled himself and carried the cross. Love so amazing. Love so amazing. [Music] Jesus Messiah. Oh, the name above all names. Oh, lift it up now. Blessed redeemer Emmanuel. Oh, Emmanuel, the rescue for siners, the ransom. He's the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. Give me a verse now. Oh, his body the bread, his blood the wine broken and poured out all for love. The whole earth trembled and the veil was torn. [Music] Love so amazing. [Music] Love so amazing. [Music] Jesus Messiah, the name above all names. Yes, you are Lord. Blessed redeemer, Emmanuel, [Applause] rescue for siners. The ransom from heaven, Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. All our hope is in you. All the glor is in you. Sorry. All the glory. All the gloryy to you, God. The light of the world. Can you sing that again? All my hope is in you. All my hope is in you. All the gloryy to you. to God the light of the world. Jesus Messiah. Hold the music. The name above all names. Oh, lift it up now. Oh, blessed redeemer. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. [Applause] The rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah. Can you stand to your feet? Lord of all. Why don't we raise our hands and sing that again now? Well, Jesus, Messiah, the name above all names. [Music] Blessed redeemer. Oh yes. Oh Emmanuel. [Applause] Oh the rescue for siners. Oh, the ransom from heaven. Well, Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. Give him a hand clap of praise. He's worthy of it. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Yeah. Amen. You can be seated. Brother John was practicing a special in the back. We want him to sing now. going to try this one. Y'all know it. [Music] While crossing the calm seas with Jesus, the disciples were getting concerned. [Music] The wind started violently blowing. Oh, but he was asleep in the stir. Does he not care that we perish? Oh, we're helpless and we're so afraid. [Music] But Jesus arose when they called him and said to them, "Where is your faith? Cuz you prayed all night. Cuz you've held on with all of your might. Child, your Christ have awoken a master and he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cries have awoken. The master hit you without any warning. Oh, the storm of your life had begun. Seeing no hope in the distance. Oh, you're frightened and nowhere to run. By now, your vessel is failing. Oh, and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You cried out for help from the Savior. Oh, and don't you give up on him now cuz you prayed all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. child, your Christ have awoken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Child, your Christ have awoken the master. Now you're up there worried that he's fast asleep. Well, the winds are so deadly and the waters so deep. But try to be patient cuz soon he'll bring peace. Just one word from his voice and in all my seed. Cuz you prayed all night. Because you held on with all of your might, child, your Christ have awoken, master. Oh, and he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Child, your Christ have awoken. The master. Oh child, your cries have awoken. The master. [Music] Amen. You believe that? Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother John. Let's all stand to our feet as we change the order of the service. Amen. You ready for the word tonight? Amen. You ready for the word tonight? Amen. Glad we just not don't we're not just ready, but our hearts are ready. They're prepared. Amen. I believe the Lord has something. He wants to speak and I just want to say, Lord, I want to listen to whatever you have to say. Amen. Give me listening ears. Lord, open my eyes. Open my heart. Amen. Let me hear what you want to speak tonight. Amen. How many would just have a need? Maybe something you just want to identify by hand. Say, "Lord, got something I need." Amen. Believe you're going to meet it tonight. He's the needer. Amen. And I want to sing that song, Sister Deborah. Um, open our eyes. Open open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open, that's too high. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. That works. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. You want to sing tonight? Lift your hands and sing. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. That's my prayer. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord Jesus. Oh, I want to see you. To see you high, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, oh, holy, holy, holy, I want to see you. Tell him that again now. Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes. Sing it now. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. Lord, I want to see you. Yes, Jesus. Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes. Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. Lord, I want to see you, Jesus. Lord, I want to see you. Okay, lift it up now. Oh, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. [Music] Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Oh, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. [Applause] Oh, I want to see you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Is that your desire tonight? We're here to see the Lord, aren't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh it's not that I don't appreciate seeing all of you, but I want to see him. Amen. We're happy to have you in the house of God tonight. We've got a few prayer requests. Before we go to those, we're going to go to the word. And while I have you standing, we're going to look at Revelation chapter 1. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm sure that you um you were able to see the reminder announcement for this weekend. We got a little bit of a thing to go on for everybody that's going to be in town. There's going to be some people out, some people are already out of town, and we're just uh going to have a little time of fellowship. Amen. Uh for all of us who will still be here. Praise the Lord. And then um just by way of reminder, don't forget in May uh we're going to have a wonderful weekend there with the BDettes and got some confirmation from those guys. And so that's going to be the third weekend in May, Saturday and Sunday. And Saturday's going to be a singing and and some fellowship and brother Wes Ardell and them are coming over and different ones of you are getting some songs ready. Amen. So we we're going to have a wonderful time. I love the fellowship of God's people. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You ready for the word? Are you ready for the word? All right. Revelation chapter one. And um it it it probably doesn't surprise you that I'm reading out of Revelation chapter 1. We've been in a little bit of a series here on modern events, but um I've got a little bit of a of a detour off of that tonight. I'm not even titling it that uh tonight. And uh so we're just going to look to the Lord. And uh the title that I've chosen tonight is the daughter of Zion. The daughter of Zion. Amen. Revelation chapter 1 and let's start at verse we're going to catch verse one and then drop down to 4 through8. The revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John. Verse four. John to the seven churches which are in Asia. Grace be unto you and peace from him which is and which was and which is to come. And from the seven spirits which are before his throne and from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood and hath made I love this scripture. and hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye shall see him. Now, this is not the secret catching away. This is not the rapture. This is when every eye shall see him. All right? when he comes back in Revelation 19. Um, every eye shall see him and they also which pierced him and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, amen. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty. Amen. And I'm going to invite you also to Jeremiah chapter 8. Um, right after the book of Isaiah, you're going to find the weeping prophet of Jeremiah. Praise the Lord. Jeremiah chapter 8. Jeremiah is quite a contrast from the book of Isaiah. And uh the Lord has the me going in this direction tonight. Jeremiah chapter 8 and we're going to catch verses 18 through 22. Verse 18. Jeremiah 8 verse 18. You got it? Say amen. When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me. It's interesting the amplified version says, "Oh, that I could comfort Jeremiah, oh that I Jeremiah could comfort myself against sorrow, for my grief is beyond healing. My heart is sick and faint within me." You know, healing um has value always, but a lot of times you you want to think about, oh, if God would just do this for me, if God would just grant this to me, it might not be a physical healing. It might be some need that you have in your life. Maybe maybe you've got a deliverance that you need. How many times have you prayed that? Lord, deliver me. I've got a a certain problem, a certain weakness. I need to overcome it. You know, um healing is great, but what what if the cause is still there? See, so if God would heal you of it or deliver you from it, well, what if you haven't removed the cause of why you're in that problem? Say, "Oh Lord, I've got I've got a financial crisis. Please get me out of it." And the Lord could do that. But what if the cause remains? Amen. I got a problem in my marriage. I got problem in my between me and my spouse. Lord, fix uh uh come in and and smooth this all over. But if the problem is still there, then your deliverance is going to be quite temporary. So he says, when I would comfort myself against sorrow, and this is what it means, my heart is faint uh in me. My grief is beyond healing. Because the problem that Jeremiah was going to bring to Israel, he's speaking to them in uh you know almost in the first person as if it's God talking to them. And and and the problem is that you're sick and I can heal you, but the problem is there. We're going to we need to deal with the reason for the sickness. Now, that's a lot of times people don't want to do that. They just want a quick fix. Just give me a magic pill. Amen. I don't want to do any harder work. You know, uh just give me a form. Give me a rule I can follow. But you know, Elijah came to turn the hearts of the people. And you know, when you got to deal with matters of the heart, it's a lot harder because it takes work. It takes a willingness to own it. takes a willingness to make the adjustments that are necessary and to um you know you know because of the from the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks. So it's more it's going to take more than just regulating what you say because if the cause is still there you getting me? You getting me? All right. You starting to catch where we're headed and you you'll understand why I read out of the book of Revelation just in a minute. Verse 19. Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country. Is not the Lord in Zion? Is not her king in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images and with strange vanities? The harvest is passed, the summer's ended, and we are not saved. For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt. I am black. Astonishment hath taken hold on me. Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician there? Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? Verse 22 from the amplified. Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician there? Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people restored? Be here's the answer. Because Zion no longer enjoyed the presence of the great physician. So when you don't enjoy the presence of the great physician, then it it's it's the question answers itself. Why? Why am I not healed? Why am I not delivered? Why am I not free? Why have I not overcome? Well, you know, is there you say, "Well, is God not present in the world?" Of course, he's present in the world, but is he present in your life on a daily basis? Is he present in your home, your family, at work, wherever you go? Listen, he he he doesn't Can I say this to you? The Lord doesn't use a remote control for his family. I use one up here. That's not how God runs his family. You know, pe the nation lives off of the remote. Somebody find the remote, and if the remote gets lost, everybody's in a panic. The Lord don't use a remote control to run his family. He lives in the home, in the family, and he he's right there to to guide everything. Amen. All right, let's pray. Father, we ask for your blessing. And Lord, I I I've been able to to to see right off the bat today and and the and this afternoon, Lord, looking over everything and throughout the day, pondering what I would come to. You you made it clear to me, Lord, even yesterday, the direction that we would go. And I've I've been thinking about this, Lord, but yet it's it's been interesting to me that you have taken it even in a direction that even I've been surprised at. So Lord, I give it to you completely. Now, Father, come and be glorified in our midst. Lord, in just a little bit, we'll take up prayer requests, but we want to have some lessons from your word tonight. So, help us, won't you? I'm sure you will commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friend. You can be seated. You know, Brother Brham took this text in Jeremiah and one of the sermons that he took it for quite a bit was the sermon why just that just a three-letter word why was just a question and I I found it interesting at least it was interesting to me that that brother Brandham used this leading this leading word this questioning word on a number of titles uh he he and you'd be familiar with them the very first one I could find was from 1953. Why I am a holy roller. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you want to know why someone is a holy roller, ask brother Jack Guess. He will tell you right immediately why he's a holy roller. I can hear him shouting amen right now. Brother Brandham comes along in 1954. Why? I'm praying for the sick. 1956. Why are people so tossed about? And he's talking about believers. He's talking about people who go to church. See, why are people so tossed about? He comes in 1957. Why is it that so many Christians find it so hard to live the Christian life? Ain't that a good question? I'm going to make you want to go this week and go, "What was that title, man? I want to hear that." It's one of the first le one of the first sermons that struck my young heart back then. They called it um you know it's it's called now why people are so tossed about. When brother Brandham preached it they first titled it the innervale and I actually my mom had the original copy of that in our home. I have it today. They changed it later because really when you listen to it brother Brandham called it why people are so tossed about but the subject was the inner veil and it was about moving beyond just becoming a churchgoer. It was about becoming a third realm dweller more than just the outer court, you know, because he, Brother Brandham would say, if you live out there in the outer court, well, you're at least you're you're within the temple, you know, you're in the tabernacle grounds. I mean, there there there there is a, you know, the sacrifice and there's the brazen altar and and all of that. That's fine. Uh but brother Brandham said the problem with staying out there in the outer court is that it was great in the daytime but then it would become nighttime and then you know all you had was was moonlight and starlight. You could you didn't see as good and and and a lot of people brother Brandham talked about them being camp stars and he said they just live from one revival to the next. See it's it's fine. You you've met God in justification. That's true. But you you need to move into the next level which would be the holy place. And in there then you had the the manor, the seven lampstands, the shoebread and different things like that. And you say, "Well, I sure have improved. Now I'm living in the second realm. Sure enough, I'm in here uh you know, and I've got the the table of shoebre and I've got the seven golden lampstands." But brother Brandham said, 'You know, those those that lampstand requires maintaining because you you you know it can it can smoke out and those flames go out. You got to constantly check the oil, constantly refill it, refill it, make sure it's trimmed, make sure everything's right, hope you don't knock it over. But then, Brother Brandham said, "Now you can go beyond that badger skin into what the Bible calls the most holy place." I know we call it, you know, the the holy of holies. The the the King James actually uses the most holy place. And and there's where brother Brandham said that's where God dwells. That's where the shikina is. And that's where Aaron had a had a rod that was had long ago dead. It was just a rod and it got left in there. And when they went back to get it, that thing had done it had done grown out and and and sprouted. And suddenly it was not it had it had limbs and it had leaves and it had fruit and the fruit was bearing. I think it was almonds and and I mean that happened overnight. Think what God could do for you overnight. I don't care what kind of problem you guys say. You don't know how dead I am. You don't know how dead that rod was. That thing had not had not had life surging through it in many many years. And since since it was part of a tree and living in the earth and that had been ages before, I'm here to tell you, I don't care what kind of problem. Brother Brandham said, when you live in that realm, you don't have to worry about storms of life. You're not out there. You don't have to worry about your oil running dry. You're living in the presence of the shikina. If you need healing, he said, just reach around. The golden pot of mana is in there, and you can just take a handful out. Whatever you need is supplied in that third realm. So, brother Brandham, that that was his answer to his question. He first asked the question, why are people so tossed about? Why is it that so many Christians find it so hard to live a Christian life? And the answer to the question is because you're not spending your life in the third realm. Fair enough. He would go on in 57, why some people can't keep the victory. 1958, why are we not a denomination? Why little Bethlehem? 1959, why Christ speak? See, he comes into 1962, why I'm against organized religion. He is 63 hits, why Christ speak again. 63, why little Bethlehem 64, why it had to be shepherds? Why? Why? Why? Why? See, so but but but then brother Brandham came first. The first time I find it is in 1959 and August. Now this is about a year and a half in to America turning the gospel down for the last time. That happened at the end of 1956 and now they're in 19 uh and so 1957. So actually you'd have all of 57 and and then you'd have uh you know part of the way through 1958 little little more than a year and a half deep and and brother Brandham comes to the pull pit in Shiakwa Ohio and for the first time he just he just shortens it. I'm just going to preach a sermon called why. That's it. Why? and he he's going to take a different angle and he's going to begin to say, you know, think about all that God has did for the world. He sent his son to die and then he sent the Holy Ghost into the church and then he he sent seven angels, seven earthly messengers, seven stars in his right hand through seven church ages and he's come down to the end and he's restored and now he's got a restoration uh going on and he's brought back the Holy Ghost. And this is even 1959 and brother Brandham is still in those still still in that talking about that Isuza revival that that re what's the real baptism of the Holy Ghost. See and so he's saying and he's got his preachers and and and and and what happened in Durban and what happened in in you know in South Africa in Durban South Africa and what happened in India and what happened in all kinds of places and and and the nation is worse off. the world is worse off. And he says, "The church is sick. It can't even go in the rapture. It can't even improve." And he says, "God has a right." Now, I want you to think about this. A prophet is identifying that God has a right, having given so much, he has a right to ask why. Why is the church sick? Why is the world run over in sin? Why has America rejected the gospel? He goes on and preaches it in August 59. He goes again in 59 and September, March of 60, April of 60, November of 60, January of 61, later in January of 61, later still in January of 60 or April of 61. 1962 in June 1963 in June and and and and when he comes to this 1963 now he's in June 63 and this is after the opening of the seals and now you've got the the most epic moment the thing that the church has waited for since it fell away since the since the revelation of Jesus Christ was sealed up under seven seals. And now it's finally open. And did Pentecost accept it? No way. No way. And they would end up crucifying the word of God. Aresh. They would they would become an indicted generation. They would put Christ out. You know, it's interesting because when we read, you know, Revelation chapter 1 and verse 8, you know, you it's hard to read those first eight verses of the book of Revelation, all of it really, but particularly those first eight verses, because you're you're reading in such descriptive ways. I don't see how anyone can read those first eight verses and second guessess who Jesus is. that he's some second person in the godhead. I don't get it. I don't see how that he can constantly say, "I'm the beginning and the ending and the first and the last and the alpha and the omega. I I'm I'm I'm all of it. I'm everything in between." And and and you know, and then the world can still come away. But you but you know, here's here's something to to be noticed in the eth verse is uh give me that again, brother Josh. Are you the one uh giving me the scripture? Amen. Yeah. Give me give me Revelation 18. Amen. Let's look at that again. I just want to just want to refresh your memory. In Revelation 18, he says, "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, sayeth the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty." So, who is he? If he's not the Almighty, I mean, if he's the Almighty, then who do you say this is? I think that there's no question who this is talking about. The Alpha, the Omega, the Almighty. Is it anyone besides the Almighty? Is there another Almighty besides the Almighty? But you see, here's something to understand. I remember brother Lonnie used to always note this that if you'll notice that when Jesus came in his earthly pilgrimage, this is something that's noticeable. when Jesus came in his earthly pilgrimage. Now, back in the Gospels before the book of Revelation comes on the scene, back in the record of his earthly pilgrimage, you'll notice that that what's being said in Revelation chapter 1 has a different uh uh a different approach and a different aim than what the gospels have. Because when he when the gospels record the life of Jesus of Nazareth, Jesus doesn't isn't really there to glorify himself. He's there to glorify the father. He says that over and over. I came not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me. See, the son doeth nothing, but what he seeth the father do, that doeth the son likewise. Herein is the father glorified. See, and so everything that Jesus did in his earthly pilgrimage was not to bring glory to himself, but to bring glory to the father. See that there and there's where that that lady, you know, brother Brandham in that message why there in 1963 after the seals are open, there's where he tells the story uh one of the places where the woman come said, you know, he was just a man. And and and brother Brandham said, "Well, I'll admit he was a human." She said, 'N no, but he was only a man.' He said, 'N no. He said, I'll admit he was a human. He said, 'But he was more than a man. He was a divine man.' She said, 'Oh, no, because he cried. And then, you remember, Brother Brandham said, "That's thinner than the uh than the broth made from the shadow of a chicken that starved to death." So he said, and he actually said to her, which I wouldn't want to have a prophet say it to me, but he said it to her, "You know better than that. I mean, that would scare me to death because I'm thinking, I've got this man fooled. But you don't fool a prophet. You know, Satan thought he had his intentions hit until Isaiah outed him to the whole world. No, no, no. You said in your heart, I will I want to ascend. I want to be like the stars of heaven. See? So, so brother Brandham said to her, "Lady, you know better than that." Said, "It's true. knew he was a man when he wept at the tomb of Lazarus. But when he pulled back his little shoulders and called him from the grave and been dead four days, he said that's more than a man. That that's a divine man. That's a man plus that's the God man. He would later call him. So, so but now when he comes into the book into the book of revelation, now you understand that this is that that this is the this is the his revelation to the seven churches. And he's now making it very clear because he's actually not drawing attention to the father. He's drawing attention to himself. I am the alpha and the omega. I am the almighty. You don't hear him saying things like that in his earthly ministry. But now he's making it clear that when the when he the Holy Ghost has come, seven churches, you're listening, seven churches, now you're going to understand that that it's you who are going to be human beings full of his life. And you're going to glorify the father like I glorified the father. And now I'm going to bring that revelation that I had. I'm going to give it to you and you're going to glorify the father. So this is what made the question all the more serious. Why is the daughter of my people? Why is the daughter of Zion sick? See, and he says God had a right to ask why. Now, I want you to in our in our in our and when we read Jeremiah uh 8, is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician there? Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? I I I I I want you to hear the sadness and the bewilderment in the attitude of God and his question. This is not uh some arrogant king, some human monarch down through the ages who who who were so arrogant that they they just felt like they they had the power of life and death. and anybody that even dared at all, they just they just have them executed on on the spot. And brother Brandham said, "Those great kings and those great pharaohs," and it's true. He said they thought they were so great, they sit in their palaces and on their big thrones. And I've I've stood there. I've went through some of the jungle areas of India and saw some of those, you know, those those great uh palaces and and it was and you can tell at one time it had been something amazing and now it's just a ruin. And brother Brandham said some of them pharaohs and different things like that. And he said they they lived in great opulence and and lived and had power over life and death and slaughtered people at wholesale just whenever they took a notion. And he says and today he said you'd have to dig down into the earth to even find where they stood. And they thought that they were so great and so high and mighty and so omnipotent and as if they could keep the breath in their own lungs. None of us can. And but now when you read Jeremiah chapter 8, you're not hearing an arrogant king. You're not hearing, you know, uh an arrogant king who thinks more highly of himself than he should. This is not this is not the anger a and the resentment of a of a jilted lover. This is a father weeping over his daughter. This is Zion. Not just daughters, but Zion represents the whole kingdom of God. This is a broken heart that is calling to those that he loves still even in even in their disregard for him. Because that's what's happening in Jeremiah 8. Even in their disregard for him. Does it sound familiar like the world we have today? Even in their disregard for him, he still loves them. And brother Brandham said he has a right to ask why. I I just got swept away thinking about some of the things Brother Brandham talked about. I mean, you know, you know when he comes in 1963 after the seals and he preaches it there in June of 1963, you know where he is? He's back on the old campground in Arkansas. He's back there from Brother Brandham's early days, way back when brother Brandham started his ministry out there. And remember, he said, "There's no finer people under them blue shirts than old Arkansas people." And he starts reminiscing about those early days and those early meetings. Those are the days when, you know, when when whole hospitals were being emptied out. Those are the days when when when brother Brandham would be called to an ambulance outside and he would go to the ambulance and there'd be a whole row of ambulances and the ambulances would have dead people in them and he would just go down and start raising the dead. Now, that's not a William Brandham story. That's I have sourced material that testifies to that source material that testifies to those things that those things really happened that the dead were raised and there was a there was a famous polio case there that they were noted uh there. You can read um a man sent from God by Gordon Lindseay. He testifies to all of those things and he testifies in his book that there's a host of infallible proofs. No one can even doubt what we're saying because it can be so easily proven. That was true back in the 1950s. Witnesses die, critics rise, people fall away, you know, and so so you find that that these are the times when he would stand in the pull pit for days and and the and the prayer line would go out the building and down the block and people were coming through. This is even the time when brother Brandon would later admit, you know, I kind of handled it wrong because he wouldn't let anybody pass by without getting healed. He said, "Because I knew the the promise he had made me, nothing will stand before your prayers. And if a devil tried to resist, he said, I would I would just stop the line, hold it right here. They've got a resistant devil." And he would stay with it until that devil, everybody that came through was getting healed. Incurable diseases. And finally, the Lord told him, said, "You know, you're you're not doing that right." Well, how so? Well, even Jesus in his earthly ministry didn't do it like that. What did he do? He only did what the father showed him. Brother said, "Okay, I learned something." He said, "I made up my mind. I'll pray for everybody, but I'll let the Lord Jesus decide who he's going to heal." But but you know, this is where they're lined up and he he prays and stays in the pull pit for hours at a time. And finally, you know, he would it would stop, everything would pause. They'd bring him a sandwich and a glass of milk and he would eat it and he would sit down and lean against the pull pit and doze off for a little catnap and then he would wake back up and start praying for people again. These are real. This really happened in this country. Now here, brother Brandon boy is all the way back of the at the Arkansas campground where it all began. And he's taking the message, why? How have we gotten here after everything that he's done? and you know it and it's fallible proofs. And since those days, brother Brandham said, it's now been seven times around the world. So why is the daughter of my people not recovered? Why is the church in the sickened condition that it is? Why can people not live an overcoming life? And it was a fair question. And God is speaking through Jeremiah, you know, in such um a a heavy way, you know, as if as if to say, you know, I I sent my servants to you. I mean, when I think about sometimes I see people, they take positions and they do certain things and if I if given the opportunity, which isn't often, but when I'm given it, I always try to steer the conversation. And there's a lot of people I would like to talk to and just say, "Look, concerning the decision you made, okay, I get it. You're a free moral agent. You're going to you're going to do that, but I just I just don't know how you're going how are you going to explain that to God on the day of judgment? What will you say? How are you going to I wouldn't want to be you. You go ahead, do what you're going to do, but I just don't know. I'd be terrified because you're going to have to face him. What are you going to say? And and you know, oh, you know, you you you we live a carnal life. If we never live an overcomer, we're not very spiritual. Amen. Is this all right for a Wednesday? Don't forget Revelation 18. He's now here to get glory through you. Hallelujah, friends. He's here to get glory to God through you. Not glorify yourself. Jesus didn't glorify himself in his earthly ministry. He glorified the father. Now in revelation he's bringing glory to himself and he's saying now this spirit is poured into the church now you go forward and glorify the father and so so we find that you know God is saying to the world brother Brandham says he has the right to ask the question why Jeremiah is asking Jeremiah has been taken over as prophets do and God is now remember holy men of old wrote as they were moved by by the Holy Spirit. That's why this is all the breathed word of God. This is not contrary to what some people say the opinions uh of men. It was not written by men. Holy men of old were moved on by the spirit of God. And Jeremiah is saying to to Zion, Jeremiah is saying to his chosen people, why are you why are you not recovered? Why are you not an overcomer? I sent my servants to you. I described what they would be like and what would follow their ministry. Sound familiar today? I even I even tailored each of my seven stars that were in my right hand when I sent them. I tailored them specifically to the age I sent them in. And I made it clear by supernatural vindication who they were. Why didn't you follow them? He he has a right to ask the question today. He would have the right to ask you and I possibly tonight. God forbid that this would be a question I would have to answer when he would say to you Zion, you bride, why? This is what he was saying to Israel, why have you accepted a watered down version of the gospel? Just because the world went to easy belieism, why did you do that? Why did you do that? You know, I I hope tonight you can hear the voice of God speaking through your through your pastor. Why would you do that? Why would you accept a watered down version of the gospel? a a watered down version of this message that just tells you you can just be, you know, just skip along in life and it doesn't really matter all that much. It matters. It matters. He tailored the messenger to the age. He He sent his servants. He sent supernatural vindication. He went to all that trouble and had all of that vindication and ran it around the world so that we could just go, "Well, it's all not all that important." Why did you do that? Especially given that I warned you to never do that. That whoever wouldn't believe that whoever wouldn't believe the servants that I sent would perish. I warned you of that. I hope America, you know, if I if I could have a microphone that would reach all to this nation, this great nation that God sent the greatest message since the days of the early church. Why did you Why did you let somebody compromise it to you? Why would we do that as believers, friend? Oh, come on. God forbid that we would do that. Say, "No, not me. Let the world go on, but I'm going to take my way with the Lord's despised few." Especially given that God warned us about it. And he's saying to Israel, he's saying to the world, he's saying to this nation, there were at times, yeah, there were there there are certain passages in the in the word that are written mysteriously. They're sealed up uh tight to human understanding. That's that's true. But but hey, I was I was still careful to make it clear enough that even a child could see it. Oh my there was certainly certainly friends we can we can talk about the seven sealed mystery and the revelation and takes the spirit and I've been preaching on that it takes the spirit to reveal it but I'm going to tell you something there's enough out there uh that's clear to us there there is certainly a sufficient amount of the word written in clear enough terms Listen, if for nothing else, let me just say this. There's a sufficient amount of revelation in this word to lead you to the Holy Ghost and and he would take it from there and carry you on the way. So where's your excuse? See, so the world will have no excuse. People who sit in churches will have no excuse because at the very least, he told us how to get to the Holy Ghost. All you got to do is read it, repent, and be baptized and really repent and really mean it. And the Holy Ghost will come upon you. And once that happens, then he'll lead you and guide you to all truth. You ain't got nothing to figure out. So that God has a right to ask through his prophet then and through his prophet now and through this pastor tonight, why? Why are you bound yet still? Why are you hindered yet still? Why is it so hard to live an overcomer's life? The Holy Ghost will take you all the way if you give him control. But he's saying to Israel, "But you wouldn't come to me, daughter, child, my child. You wouldn't come to me to receive life. I and and I warned you that you would have to. No man can come to the father but by me. I warned you. I sent a prophet to warn you that you would have to have the token and it would have to be on display for you to avoid the consequence of the death angel. So God has a right to ask why. People talk about freedom and I I want the right to choose. Can I just say something to you tonight, friends? And I just want to say it the way that that I felt inspired. God did not design a kingdom of freethinkers. He designed a kingdom rather of like-minded saints. Who are willing to say amen to his word. This isn't about being a freethinker. Resist Leodysa. Leodysa has people's rights. Leodysia wants its way. Leodysa doesn't want to be told what to do. Resist that. That's a spirit. It's a spirit of blindness that's upon the age. And brother Brandham said that was the most pitiful thing. It it's you know it's he said you they're they're naked, they're poor, they're miserable. And brother Brandham said, you know, those are all bad enough. I mean to be naked, poor, and miserable. But brother Brandham said the real thing that made it heartbreaking to him, not not angry, but it broke his heart is he said they're blind and they don't see it. You can't tell them. And if you try to tell them they they don't believe it. But the world is like it has been in every age when the when Moses stood there and said, "Choose you this day whom you will serve." And if and you know Elijah stood there, choose. If Baal be God, then serve him. But if God be God, then serve him. You got to you got to choose one or the other. You can't you remember what we've been preaching about those two altars. And I'm I don't want to get it back into that material tonight, but you remember that this is why and I think maybe I've said this, if I haven't, I'll say it tonight that that any study of the prophecy. If we're going to be studying modern events made clear in prophecy, it has to start at that first church service in Genesis 4. Remember that. Remember I said it's not a political rally. It wasn't a tech show. It wasn't it wasn't anything like that. It was a church service. They're coming to worship. And you have to show the difference between those two altars. There were very different choices being made. And the outcome was going to be based on the choices they made. You can't choose things that are contrary to God's word and keep choosing them and expect to not get sick. You can't expect that you'll stay well or that you'll stay an overcomer. Moses said, "Choose you this day whom you'll serve." And you know what? When he said that, he warned even he warned the families of Dayan and Cor. He said, "Move away. Get away. God's about to do something. Don't don't be standing near that." But you know, the Bible talks about that all the they all came out and stood in their tent door defiantly and they even gathered their families around them. Huh? What are you going to do about it, Moses? Moses wasn't going to do anything. God opened the earth and swallowed them. Dads and moms, kids, cattle, tents, homes, possessions, everything. And the earth swallowed them. Don't think the earth's not alive. It swallowed them. I want to say to you something friends that this this world is falling apart and it's calling more and more in the day and hour that you and I live in. I know it. I'm trying to convince you of it. I believe you believe it already. But let me just stir you up by way of remembrance. You need to choose God's word. You need to have a fresh choosing. Let it be in this service tonight. Say, "I'm going to make a fresh choosing. I'm not going to go down with this world. It's falling apart and I'm not going down. I'm planning to go up." But you'll never go up unless you first come out. To hear come up, you got to hear come out. And I just say, "Lord God, let me come out away from the world." And and if you got friends or acquaintances or careers or jobs or schools or investments or whatever you got and it is going to take you down, then get rid of it. God will give you more and you'll do you'll do a lot better with God's friends than you would choosing your own. You'll do better with what let God decide what things you should be involved in and what direction you should go in your life. And then then when things happen, you can turn to God and say, "Lord, I have obeyed your word. Here's the enemy, but I've been I'm in the line of duty. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. All heaven and earth will back you. and your prayers will be effectual and effective on moving devils out of the way. I mean, you know, freethinkers, no, I mean, even even our example, even our high priest, the Lord Jesus said, "I come not to do my own will. It is written in the volume of the books concerning me, a body hast thou prepared me. And sacrifices and offerings thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. I have come to do thy will, oh Lord. Jesus had his own human will. He didn't want to die. He said, "If it's possible, let it pass." Brother M said he didn't want to die. He was young. He had his brother. He loved life. He loved them. But he says, "Not my will, thy will be done." See, so this is why Revelation 18 is so important. So self-will and self-determination. Listen friends, self-will and self-determination. My goodness, that was the battlecry of Lucifer in heaven. That was what Lucifer rallied the angels, the fallen angels around him. Come on. We're going to we're not going to we're not going to be told what to do. We're going to take over this place. We're going to have our own way of doing things. And that did not end well for him. It's still not ending well. It won't end well for you and I. Oh, you know, I get it. I I I I totally get it. You know, Brother Brandham in that message, why I thought to myself, wow. Brother Random says, you know, he starts talking about those old those old things that happened back there. And he said, 'Now, what if tonight, he said, 'What if tonight we could have an Acts 4 kind of meeting? And he said, you remember in Acts 4 that it the Holy Spirit came in again and shook the building. Wouldn't that be amazing? I mean, come on. It might scare us a little bit and raise the hair on the back of our neck, but if the building started shaking under the power of God, at the end of the day, we would love it. Amen. But brother Brennham in his prayer, he says, "But Lord, before you can shake the building, maybe you need to shake us. Maybe you need a shaking. Maybe our hearts need a shaking." I think if we'd have an oldfashioned shaking, then we'd see a building shaking. God's not interested in entertaining us, friends. He's not here to shake a building so we can all roll around and and and and have all kinds of emotions. That's fine. Run all over the building. I grew up in a church where they ran the ran the pews. That's fine. I never tried it. But I've seen it done. I've seen it not succeed. But that's not the point. I just want to say, Lord, yeah, I'd like to see the supernatural, but could it start here? How many would tonight say, Lord, could it just start here? Could the supernatural shaking start in me? I don't want to be wondering why I can't overcome, why I'm not healed, why do I not have my needs met. Oh, friends, God is asking the question tonight, why is the daughter of my people not recovered? Is there no bomb in Gilead? I don't know. You know, I thought to myself tonight as I was studying this this afternoon, I thought, my goodness, the people are going to say, "Brother Jason, you know what happened? You were you were going so nicely. You were preaching about modern events made clear. Can we please get back to prophecy teaching tonight? But hey, fair, you know, I I'm being fair about it because I I I told you Sunday, you are the modern event to be made clear in prophecy. So So what if we understand who the this horse rider was or who the fourth power was or what Daniel saw? That's all just history. That's all on the books. I can we can stand here tonight and talk about, you know, how the trumpets and woes and we're going to show you some of that. We're going to show you how God's word has always come to pass. I'm only showing you that to build your confidence that this is always true. It's not to wow you. It's just to build your confidence in this. But I'm here to tell you something, friends. God has already done enough for us. We are to have perfect confidence in him tonight. Amen. I believe that God sent messengers. You know, I mean, when I when I think about how that that what a what a con what a perfect biblical type is the widow of Zerapath who was caught in a great famine. And you know who came to her? Elijah. And you say, well, yeah, that was then, but this is now. Well, the Bible, I'm not even going to bother going into it tonight, but the Bible prophesies concerning the end time. You know what the one of the prophecies of the end time? You want a modern event made clear in prophecy? At the end time there will be a famine for hearing the word of God. And the world just like the widow of Zerapath and all of of of of of all of that area and they were starving and it was drought and it was famine and it was horrible conditions. But and and but Elijah was sent to her and Elijah has been sent to you and I. And you know when he when he stood there and said, you know, bring bring this and bring that and bring that. And she testified there's no ambiguity. She said, "I'm no different than anybody. I'm I'm I'm going to die. I've got just enough. Me and my child are going to eat it. We're going to die." But Elijah said, "Can you imagine how heartless that must have sounded by Elijah to say, that's fine, but bring me something first." And the only thing that she had, if she brings it to him first, she has nothing. Listen, friends, your choices are this. Hear the word of Elijah. And he's saying to you tonight, serve God first. Put Christ first. Let him be the first in your home. Let him be the first on your job, in your career, in in your associates, in your finances. Put him first. And if you do, your meal barrel will never run out and your cruise of oil. The whole world will be in a famine. But you won't be in a famine. The crus of oil will never run dry. I mean, you know, you say, "Oh, wow. That that was pretty easy for Elijah. Oh, yeah, brother Brandham. My goodness, he had the pillar of fire and he had an angel come talk to him. Oh, I get. Yeah, he could be an overcomer. Who couldn't be an overcomer with all of that?" Can you imagine the shock on Elijah? Now, just think for a second. Put yourself in Elijah's position. He's been being taken care of by ravens. And and God says, "Now, I've commanded a widow." And Elijah is like, "Okay, wonderful. Let's go. I got the I got the word of the Lord. I don't have anything to worry about. God's going to take care of me." And he gets there and he finds her just like the vision showed him. And he says, "Hey, bring me bring me a a morsel of bread and bring me some water." And she says, "I I don't have any What do you Huh? What? Do you think I'm any different than anybody else? I can you imagine the shock on Elijah?" Cuz God didn't warn him of that. God didn't say, "Now, when you get there, she's actually not going to have anything to give you." All he said was, "I've commanded you go. I I've I have ordained this that she's going to." And when Elijah gets there, let me tell you something, friends. When it when when William Brandon went into the world, he was rejected and hated of everybody, but there was a little bride who believed the word. There was a people. And he said, "Lord, I know by that vision the other day," meaning the preview of the bride. He said, "I know that your bride is out there somewhere. Here's here's thousands of people." Oh my goodness. He he had 25,000 in those Arkansas meetings. That's what the newspaper records. 25,000 people. That's what source material records. And we find out that that he he's he's coming down and he's he's in Chicago. And I know you've got a bride out there. He knows it's not this whole gang out in front of him, but he also knows that by that vision, she is out there somewhere. He says, "Now, we don't know who she is, but I'm just sewing the seed. I'm just scattering the seed. Oh, are you one of those who got a hold of that seed? I'm one of those who got a hold of that and I'm not interested in going the world's way. I want to go the way of the word. I want to go the way of the Lord. I want the Holy Ghost to to so that my life will glorify the father. I want to be, you excuse me if I say it this way. I desire to be the the modern event, the most modern, the last most modern event made clear by prophecy is a bride who's leaving in a body change. A bride in spite of the darkness is believing God for every word and saying amen to every word. That is a modern event made clear in prophecy. You are tonight, friends. Stand to your feet with me. say, "I take the challenge. I'll be a modern event. I won't go the way of the modern world. I'll go the way of the word of God." Oh, it's ancient. It's old, but it's still just as vital. It's still just as lifegiving today as it's ever been. And even more so because he promised that in this day and hour, he would bring a global an event that's never happened. a global bride in one mind and one accord into perfect faith, perfect love. And that and brother Brandham said, when that capstone and that unites with the body, then what we've seen in a in a measure will become the fullness. Even the dead for hundreds of years will be raised from the grave. That's going to be a modern event. That ain't never happened. When that happens on that resurrection morning, there ain't no more modern of a modern event that'll ever happen. Oh, I want to be part of that, friends. How about you tonight? I say, Lord, I want to be part of that. I I want to make a choice. I want to choose whom you will serve. Choose whom you Can I say it like this? Choose whom you'll be on fire for. Choose whom you will give your whole life to. Don't just make a a decision for the man at Calvary. Say, "I want that man to live inside of me. I want to choose all of the word. I want to choose to be the final voice to the final age." Oh, that's my desire. Let's raise up our hands, Lord God. That's our desire tonight, Lord Jesus, to hear this word. And it's more than just word. It's more than teaching on prophecy, Lord. It's a realization of what is before us, of the opportunity that we have to be so lost in Christ that the enemy can't even find us anymore. I don't want to be one of those that are so tossed about. I don't want to be in that lineup that says, "Why do people have such a hard time living a Christian life? Lord, I just don't believe that that's what you had planned for when the when when when when the great plan of redemption that through the indwelling of the Holy Ghost that God would go from being above us to then being with us to then being in us. Not a kingdom of freethinkers, but a kingdom of likeminded saints who are saying, "Amen." Oh, I think of that day, Lord. What a day that's going to be when all the enemy and all of his powers and forces and darkness are put in chains, Lord, in that 1,000-year millennial reign of righteousness. Oh, I want to be a part of that lamb of God. I want to be I want to I want to be there then because I'm choosing you now. Oh, Father, I don't want to freload. I don't want to get grabbed up just barely. Lord, you had to just drag me across the finish line. Lord, I want to be when I cross that finish line, I want to be at full speed. I want to be running. Oh, God, grant it to us tonight. We love you, Father. We I I trust you'll take this thought tonight and make it real to the people as it's been made real to me. Oh, why is the daughter? She need not be sick. She need not be bound. She need not be under some bondage of the enemy. Whom the son hath made free is free indeed. Lord, I pray that that truth will have its perfect effectiveness in our lives. May we'll we'll go from here tonight and we'll realize, Lord, I've already seen the type in the Bible. I am like that widow in a famine that the Bible said would be here at the end time. from a famine of hearing the word of God. But you would send me Elijah and he would challenge me to put you first. And I want to say tonight, Lord God, help me. Help me, Lord. Help us all. Help us to put you first in our life, Lord Jesus. First in everything. First in our daily activities. First in our career decisions, first in our friendships, first in our associates, first in our social behavior, first in everything. Lord, first in our home, first in our family. [Music] I want to teach my children to put you first. As the prophet said, don't make him second. He He don't want to be second. He don't deserve to be second. He wants to be first. I pray you'll grant it, master. We commit it to you in Jesus' name. Amen. If you've got prayer requests out there, send them in to me. Amen. I've got a couple already. Brother Matt, let's sing a little bit while I pull up these requests. Come on and gather with me now. like this day. To me, there's never been a day like this day. This day I see. There has never been a light that shines so bright as this day. This glory this glory. Oh, what a glorious day. Sing it again, friend. There's never been a day. There has never been a day like this day. To me, there has never been a day like this day. I see. There has never been a light that shines so bright as this day. This glorious day. This glory day. I don't have any that have just come in. Uh we have two. One from brother Jack. Please pray for sister Kathy. She's having bleeding and drainage from a mass on the uterus and the doctor thinks it might be cancerous. She is having weak spells during the day. Pray that the bleeding and drainage will go away and it won't be cancerous. God bless. How many will agree with our brother Jack and our sister Kathy tonight? Friends, we've seen God do this time in and time again. He has healed the impossible situations. Uh, Brother Ken Boo turns in an unspoken prayer request for God's perfect will in a decision they'll they'll be making. And, uh, if you've got a need tonight, raise up that hand to the Lord. Join join with somebody standing near you. Let's form a a real prayer bond here tonight. Master, Lord, having heard this word tonight, we feel challenged in our hearts and minds to believe you for every word. How could we come, Lord, and hear such a word and go away wondering? Lord, we have proven in the Bible and in the message and and Lord, even people have acknowledged in this building tonight, you have provisioned us with everything. Lord, you have thought of everything. You have in no way left us uh short. You haven't left us, Lord, uh with with with an with no way to know how to find our way forward. You've opened your word. You've sent a glorious light. You've given us tremendous revelation. You've separated us, Lord, from the world and set us apart. And you've revealed yourself to us in in un unimaginable ways. And the world today still steeped in blindness cannot track it. They cannot figure out, Lord, what it is that makes us different. They admire a lot of our difference, but they they're they're they're powerless to understand it, Lord, unless you reveal it to someone in your great mercy. And I am grateful tonight for your revealed word. I pray tonight, Lord, that you will help us and help us in this word that we've heard tonight. Lord, I know this that the more that we'll surrender, the more you'll take control. That's what we know, Lord. The more that I surrender, oh God. Oh, Father, that that that's why a prophet has taught us. The more the more you are willing, if you're willing to empty out of the world, Christ will come in and fill up that place. He won't barge in. He won't He won't It's not a coup. That's not how he operates. Father, he's a gentle savior. He's a timid Holy Spirit. He wants He wants it to be love. He wants it to be a choice that we make for him. Why Why would that seem strange to the world? Why would that seem strange? we for the person that we we love Lord that we spend our life as a life's companion with we we it's so wonderful to know that our companion I I love the fact that my wife chose me and of all the billions of men in the world she chose me I chose her Lord it was a it was such a choice at that time and now it has become Lord like the snowball rolling down the hill finally it gets so big you can't stop it anymore I couldn't not choose. Lord, we can't not choose to love you. You can't not choose to love us. You have filled us with your love and your light and your life. And Lord, we just say, I want more of it. Lord Jesus, more of it. Oh God, help me now to take the and say, I will lay aside these things. Oh God, help us tonight. Help us to be willing to lay aside the weights and sins that doth so easily beset us so that we can run this race. Grant it to us, Lord. Look in my heart. Look in their heart. We're all before you in honesty tonight, Father. Now, Lord, these needs that are before us, hands that went up, we're looking to you to do the impossible for our sister Kathy. Lord, the doctor can have whatever opinion they have that we we are thankful. Lord, we're thankful for doctors. You give us you give mankind medical knowledge. But Lord, we're looking to the great physician. Oh, lamb of God, for our sister Kathy, right now, we're joining our faith with her faith and brother Jack's faith. And prophet said, "Now you join your faith to our faith, Lord, and push this promise through. May our sister Kathy guest be made completely whole. May this may this drainage and bleeding stop. Oh God, may you lay your hand upon her. Father, if she was standing here, we'd lay our hands upon her and we'd call on the name of the Lord. Father, right now through the spirit of God, we lay our hands. We join our faith. May you, Lord God, bring this promise to pass for our sister. Take this need that brother Kenny has expressed, Father, this unspoken, but Lord, you're well aware of the situation. and you already have the perfect answer. You know what you're going to do. How I've seen you do that so recently, Lord, in my own life. Wonder at this and wonder at that, and then just see you come right along. And I realize, my goodness, you had a plan all along, didn't you, Lord? Oh, Father, give us that confidence in you tonight. Hallelujah. We're going to believe these things, Master. We're going to believe that our sister will recover completely. We're going to believe that Brother Ken will be led to make the perfect decision. We're going to believe it. We're going to trust you. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. You love the Lord. Amen. Listening a few more bars of that before we go. I'm yours, Lord. So glad. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy. So glad your your mercy. [Music] I swallowed me. Oh, hallelujah. I'm glad you found me. Yeah. And you set me free. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I am. Sing it again now. Oh, so glad I'm yours. Are you glad for that, friend? So glad I'm yours. So glad your your mercy [Music] has followed me every day, everywhere, every hour. Oh, so glad you found me. and you set me free. Oh, I'm so glad I'm your soul. My my that's pretty so glad. Oh, thank you. God, one more time all together. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. Sing it to Jesus. So glad I'm yours. Oh, let him hear and make it perfect. So glad your mercy. I'm so glad for your mercy. What would I do? has followed me. Your goodness and mercy has followed me. Oh, so glad you found me. I remember that day. And you set me free. Now so glad I'm yours, Lord. Yes. So glad I'm yours. Amen. Anybody got a testimony before we uh before we change the before before we head out the door? Anybody got a testimony? Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Everybody loves the Lord, right? Well, that's a good testimony. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Turn around, shake hands with somebody standing near you. Give them a good hearty handshake. Okay, you won't get to see him again till the weekend unless the rapture comes in the morning. Amen. Boy, wouldn't that be grand? See you all in the morning at the rapture. Praise the name of the Lord. God bless you. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Thank you for coming out tonight, friends. God bless you. [Music] So glad I'm yours. I'm so glad. So glad I'm yours. yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Glad I'm yours. [Music] Mercy [Music] has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, sweet [Music] spirit, sweep over my soul. [Music] My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit. Sweep over my soul. [Music] Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over
