################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-16 - 250716-Matthew Watkins:So Simple, Yet So Wonderful - Matthew Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-16
Title:   250716-Matthew Watkins:So Simple, Yet So Wonderful
Speaker: Matthew Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTXMehftSO0
========================================

Amen. Yes. Let's pray. Father, we love you this evening, Lord. Father, we just ask that you would come amongst us, in us. Father, touch every heart, meet every need, Father. Lord, those that would be streaming. May your Holy Spirit go out on that word, your most precious word. Father, help us to worship you in spirit and truth this evening, Lord. the gift that would come forth, Father, this evening. Move the man aside and speak great, wonderful words of life as you draw us closer to you this evening, closer to that day that we're all looking for, Father. Lord, that we could come and sit at that table thousand miles long. What a wonderful time. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Father, remember those that are visiting this evening. We welcome our guests, Father, not that they'd come to see us, but Lord, that they would come to see you. Father, I love you, Lord. We worship you in spirit and truth by faith this evening. Bless the tithes and offerings in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's give the Lord one more hand. Amen. Amen. When the redeemed are gathered in, I am thinking of a rapture in that blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gred in, I will rise that heavenly anthem in the city in the sky. When the redeemed are gred in. Oh, when the redeemed are gred in, oh, washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Yes, I'll sing when the redeemed are gred in. Let's sing the first verse again. I am thinking of a rapture in that blessed home on high. When the redeemed that gred in, I will raise that heavenly anthem in the city in this sky. When the redeemed are gred in, put your hands together for the Lord. When the redeemed are gred in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathered in. Well, there will be a great possession on the streets of gold when redeemed. [Music] Oh, what music? Oh, singing over the city will be ruled. When redeemed, when redeemed, when redeemed. Say when redeemed, when redeemed, &gt;&gt; gatherred in like snow. &gt;&gt; Wash like snow and free from sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. [Music] When the redeemed are gathered in saints will sing redemption story with their voice clear and strong when redeemed. Well then the angels all will listen for they can't join that song when the redeemed. Win. Everybody see. Oh de are gred in. Will wash like snow and free from sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. and the redeemed are gred in. Then the saints move that bac [Music] and we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. Win redeemed. Win redeemed. Everybody live when the redee [Music] wash like the wall and free from sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. Yes, I see when redeemed are gred in. Oh, when the redeemed we are gred in, we'll wash our own and free from sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when redeemed are gert. [Music] Amen. Amen. Unia G. Amen. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. There sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all man &gt;&gt; and you rejoice one more time say oh I want to see him look upon his face &gt;&gt; well then I sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory let me lift my voice will cares I'll pass home at last ever to rejoice doors as I journey through the land. Singing as I go, pointing souls to Calary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without an end. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. See, oh I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice with cares I'll pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night sing but I'll clean [Music] &gt;&gt; well the stairs my soul &gt;&gt; turn my thoughts aside but my Lord &gt;&gt; go ahead [Music] &gt;&gt; everybody. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice with cares all ever to rejoice. When it bow is low, I look toward the mountain high. [Music] Well, he's leading in the fight. Oh, with a tender. where he's [Music] want to see him. Look upon his face forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Here's our pass and let to rejoice. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to sing one more song. Amen. Kid G. Living below &gt;&gt; in this old sinful world. Hardly a comfort can afford. Well, I'm driving alone to face temptation. So, where could I go to the Lord? Put your hands together. Sing. Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. when I needed a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go to the Lord? Let's sing the first verse again now. Well, I'm living below in this sinful world. Hardly a comfort cannot for oh I'm driving alone to face temptation. So see where could I go to the Lord? Sing it with me. Oh see where could I go? Where could I go? Well, I'm seeking a refuge for my soul when I'm needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go to the Lord? Listen now. Well, neighbors are kind. I love them. Everyone will get along. Sweet accord. [Music] Lord, when my soul needs man up from above, see where could I go to the Lord? Oh, see where could I go? So where could I go? Being a refuge for my soul [Music] when I needed a friend to help me in the end. See where where could I go to the Lord? Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Oh, see where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeing a refuge for my soul. [Music] When I needed a friend to help me in the end, see where where could I go to the Lord? Well, now life here is grand with friends I love so dear. comfort I get from God's own word. [Music] Yet when I face the chilling hand of death, everybody sing [Music] one more time for the Lord. See, oh where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Where a refuge for my soul. When I needed a friend to help me in the end. See where where could I go but to the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother John, if you come and give us a special brother. Amen. Yes, sir. And Andrew. Both of you. Both of you, right? Amen. Let's give both of them another hand. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I don't like [Music] the window table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see a crystal river. So I must be near forever. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. I can see the family gathered. Sweet face is all familiar. [Music] No one's old or fe anymore. Oh, my lonesome heart is crying. I think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home before. See the bright light shine. &gt;&gt; It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'm in this home. Save me, Lord. Help us sing. seek the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door of this world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been in this call. Save me before. [Music] This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been. This home set me [Music] [Applause] sing a special, &gt;&gt; but I'm going to do something special. We're uh happy, so happy tonight uh to have brother Robert Morero and Sister Marbel. Amen. Praise the Lord. Everybody turn around, stare at him sitting right there. Amen. Give him a hand. We're happy to have them here this evening. Brother Robert and I have been um writing back and forth across WhatsApp and different things for a little while. We've had a really nice friendship across uh you know, social media that way, but this is actually my first time getting to meet him. And I tell you what, to know him is to love him right away. I found him to be a fast friend. Amen. And I I asked him, I said, "Brother Robert, uh, I want you to come up tonight and greet the people and give us a word of encouragement." And so, I want to, uh, have him come at this time before we turn it over to Brother Matt for the for the ministry. Brother Robert, give him a hand as he comes. Come, my brother. Amen. Amen. Brother Robert pastors in Brooklyn, I think is the bro in Brooklyn, New York. Been there for 20 25 20 how many years? &gt;&gt; All my life. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Come my brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Pastors a nice little church there. Amen. God bless you brother. We're so happy you here tonight. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Thank you buddy. &gt;&gt; I want to greet each one of you. I'm happy to be here tonight and there's a beautiful church here. I know some of some of the brothers here. I seen him before and especially brother Brad his wife old friends I know brother Brad since he was small and when we used to push him around anyway he's a good friend of mine for many many years and um I was in some of the services up by brother Luke and um planning my trip I wanted to come see brother Jason because I know brother Jason that uh he does wonderful things for the young people and also he does good work in the Lord, too. I have a big desire since the longest to come and see him and meet him and greet him. And um the Lord gave me that opportunity, but I kind of tighten my schedule too tight. I have a fly out of Atlantic in the morning back home. I to attend back to my church. So, um, we're going to just slip out the back door and when the when, uh, brother Matt finishes off his, uh, message and next time I promise you I'll come back with time. Just save me a seat and sister Marabel. And, um, I promise you I'll be back. I'll be back. But I just tighten myself. I was in some meetings with brother Luke um, down the other side of the South South Carolina and I really tighten myself. So, I got to fight in the morning. I got to drive back about four hours and a half. So, I thank brother Jason the uh the opportunity to come and meet him and uh and uh have a good fellowship with him today. I want to say I love each one of you. This is the first time I met. Not not some of you. Some of you I do know. Uh God bless you. I love you. And uh if you passing by New York and you want to know my information, I probably will not meet you outside of service, but my information is at nybeliever.com. Maybe my cell phone. you could uh get that information out of there. God bless you. I love you all. Thank you, brother Jason. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's stand back to our feet. We're going to change order of the service. And we sure um have found a friend. Amen. And brother Robert. And I had a feeling that I would just our communication across the airwaves. and we got a chance to meet with him over today at the Urban Brew and have some coffee and a little bit of fellowship him and Sister Mary Bell. So, we're I have a feeling that we're going to uh have a good friendship with our brother going forward. Amen. We'll surely like to have him come back when he's got more time and not such a tight schedule. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing, Brother Tony, as we invite Brother Matt to the pull pit. Amen. Amen. [Music] Have thine own way, Lord. Have thine own way. [Music] &gt;&gt; Ready for the Lord. Now &gt;&gt; thou are the &gt;&gt; the &gt;&gt; Are you glad he's the potter and you're the clay? I'm so glad. I'm so glad for that. &gt;&gt; Say, "Mold me and make me, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Mold me and make me &gt;&gt; after thy will." [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes, my Lord. While I &gt;&gt; while I am waiting [Music] yielding and one more time, let's raise up our hands and sing it to the Lord like a prayer. Have thine own, Lord. Oh, have I own way? Oh, thou art the part. &gt;&gt; I am I am the &gt;&gt; Oh, this is my desire. Hold me and make me after thy will. While I am while I am waiting yielding and give me that next verse, Sister Sarah. Amen. Let's sing it now as brother Matt comes. Oh, &gt;&gt; have thine own way. [Music] &gt;&gt; Have thine own way. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. [Music] This is my prayer. Whiter than snow. Whiter than snow, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Wash me just now. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. as in thy presence, humbly [Music] I bow, Lord. That's our desire for you to have your perfect way, Lord Jesus. We just give you full reign now, Lord. Full sway, Lord, as we sang this song, Lord. It's just a message that comes from the heart of your children tonight. Lord, we don't put you in any kind of a box or preconceived idea, Lord, but we just give you liberty and freedom just now. May you move, Lord God, by your spirit, Lord. I pray that you would help me, Lord, not just to preach, Lord, but there's something greater than just preaching a good sermon, but to minister, Lord, Father, and that's such a difference when your spirit can come and minister to your children, Lord. You can change lives that way. you can make the difference in our life. I pray God that you would come and be the unseen guest amongst us, Lord. Now that we've gathered, Lord, we've sang songs. We've worshiped you, Lord. Father, and we've come with that purpose, Lord, to lift you up. Help us to do that, Jesus, to lift you up, Lord God. For you said, if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me. Lord, we've came with that purpose. We didn't come to glorify a man, but we came to glorify the name of Jesus. I pray, God, that you would receive our worship, receive our praise. Lord, we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. Turn in your Bible to the book of Acts, chapter 2, if you have it. Book of Acts, chapter 2. We just want to begin, Amen. reading. And I'm um just going to um say how awesome it is just to be here again. You love the Lord. Amen. Been just a little bit since we ministered. And so I'm um I've just got a lot of lot on my lot of hay to put in the barn, but um I do have a I do have um Sister Siri here to keep me in line. And so we just want to um we just want to obey the Lord. Do you want me Do you want the Lord to have his perfect way? Amen. Tonight, brothers, I'm just going to send you my slides. If you can just have that ready, that'd be awesome. I'm just going to send you that now. And you could just have that displayed. Um, sisters, I said brothers, Sister Sarah, Amen, back there in the back. Just give me a moment to shoot that off to them. Amen. Amen. If you're visiting, Amen. here with us. God bless you, Brother Robert. I heard you were going to be here. Amen. God bless you, brother. Don't I never met you face to face, but I've always heard wonderful things about you. Amen. We're just part we're just glad to be part of the family of God. Amen. So, we're glad to have you here. Amen. Anybody else streaming? We just um want to say God bless you. Let's just begin reading here in Acts chapter 2. We'll just begin at verse one. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. Amen. &gt;&gt; And suddenly there came a sound from heaven, as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance. And there were dwelling at Jerusalem, Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven. Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together and were confounded because that every man heard them speak in his own language. They were all amazed and marveled, saying one to another, "Behold, are not all these which speak Galileans? How here we every man in our own tongue wherein we were born?" Let's just move on down to verse 13. Others mocking. Isn't it amazing that there's always this parallel? Whenever there's a the spirit of God moves, there are those who rejoice and there are those who mock. &gt;&gt; Others mocking said, "These men are full of new wine." But Peter standing up with the 11 lifted up his voice and said unto them, "You men of Judea, and all you that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words. For these are not drunken as you suppose, seeing that it is but the third hour of the day, but this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel. And it shall come to pass in the last days, sayaeth God. I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams. and on my servants and on my handmaidaidens I will pour out in those days of my spirit and they shall prophesy and I will show wonders in heaven above signs in the earth beneath blood and fire and vapor of smoke and the sun shall be turned into darkness and the moon into blood before the great and notable day of the Lord come. Ye men, verse 22, of Nazareth, notice this. Ye men of Israel, hear these words. Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs which God did by him in the midst of you, as you yourself know, him being delivered by the determinate counsel and fornowledge of God, you have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain, whom God hath raised up. Aren't you glad for that? having loosed the pains of death because it was not possible that he should beholden of it. You can be seated here tonight as you have your seats if you can just turn also to the book of Jude. We just want to read just a few scriptures here and just unburden our heart as the Lord has just um um dealt with me so this this uh today uh this entire week actually and then today just uh sitting before the Lord knowing I would minister tonight. We just want to um want to set our timer here. You forgive me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Jude chapter 1. I want you to read this very familiar with me. If you have your Bible, we'll just keep it turned there. Don't just let me read it to you. But if you could read it with me, they could also display it on the screen. Notice here in ver Jude uh verse, we'll just begin reading at verse three. Behold, beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation. Now, I want you just to fast forward because what we just read about is exactly what Jude is referring to. That when I was going to give diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, he uses this word in uh specifically that this is the original faith that was once delivered to the saints. Brother Brandham said that it was one time preached, one one one time was delivered by Peter. And you know the quote where the prophet says when Peter gave that inauguration that when the church was inaugurated on the day of Pentecost and Peter preached that first sermon. And so Jude is going to now write about it. And notice because we fast forward all the way to the very end what we could say of this uh Ephesian age. And notice what Jude says. When I gave diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was necessary, needful, important for me to write unto you and to exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. I think it's powerful that Jude is already going to tell you there's going to be a struggle. There's going to be a battle. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a fight. And you're going to have to earnestly contend for the faith. Notice this. Which was once delivered unto the saints. For there are certain men crept in unaware who were before of old ordained to this condemnation. Ungodly men. If you could change whatever you just did back to whatever it was because I was hearing myself good until then. Thank you, brother. For notice this. There are certain men crept in unawares who were before of old ordained to this condemnation. Ungodly men. Notice turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Notice I will therefore put you in remembrance though you once knew this though you once knew this how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt afterward destroyed destroyed them that believe not. The angels which kept not their first estate but left their own habitation. He hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day. So the prophet of God picks this up and he talks about these fallen angels. Now remember that an angel, a demon spirit is just a fallen angel. And the prophet of God would say that what happened to Luther's message. And in every revival, it was this way that fallen angels would come in and they would hybrid the original truth that God had sent. And that hybridization of the word was never a rejection of the word, but it was a dumbing down or a watering down of what was originally sent. I want you to pick this up because it's very key to understand that what Jude is telling them is not that there were men that had crept in unaware and had started saying that Jesus didn't come and and Jesus didn't this is not even those who were denying the resurrection. But actually what Jude is warning them of is that there were men or spirits of men that had crept into the church because notice it wasn't just the men but Jude points to the angels. I'll give you the words of a prophet. God takes his man but he never takes his spirit. And did you know brother Brandham said I was hearing it today that the devil also takes his man but he keeps his spirit. So all the spirits that we see here today that are manifested in the end time that we live in. What didn't originate here. They go all the way back to the to Genesis the seed chapter in the very beginning. So what we're dealing with today is not a different spirit than they dealt with in the book of Jude. What we're dealing with today in the world that we see a in religious circles and and and and and you know those who claim to be uh believers of the faith is not something that started with the dawning of technology or the internet or social media. But I will say this, this is the maturity of all of those spirits. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen tonight? So, what you're dealing with today is an original. As we said before, you know, you could look all the way back to any spirit you want to name here tonight. The spirit of suicide, the spirit of homosexuality, the spirit of lust, the spirit of of of depression. Listen, those aren't new things. Those are ancient things that have only been exemplified or magnified by that fourth dimension or that dimension of science. Because now sin is more accessible than it's ever been before. Listen friends, if you want to if you want to doubt uh you know to live a life of sin, it's right at your fingertips. You don't have to, you know, go way down and hide in, you know, and find go somewhere way way, you know, buried somewhere. It's right out in the open. It's right in your face. And and sin is more accessible than it's ever been before because the spirit of the antichrist is more mature than he's ever been before. He's at his zenith. He's at this is Satan's Eden. This is the maturity of all seeds. So the spirit as before that would hide in the darkness or hide somewhere or be subliminal as Satan would try to move in subtly and subliminally. Listen friends, can I just go ahead and expose the devil? He He's very bold. He's right out in your face. &gt;&gt; Say, "Brother Matt, boy, you're a bold you you're bold sometimes with the things you say." That's because we've got a bold enemy. And my kids are facing a bold spirit. It's in the school systems. It's in not it's invaded not just the government, friends. It's invaded religious circles. It's invaded our music. It's invaded Hollywood. It's invaded our entertainment. And the devil is now more bold and in your face than he's ever been before. Listen friends, I just happen to believe that if the Antichrist spirit is bold right out in your face and is manifesting his works across all of the, you know, the world that we see, I just happen to believe that if that's what's happening in an underworld with demons, how much more is a spiritual angelic host wanting to manifest themselves bold as the prophet of God said, "When all hell cuts loose, all heavens cuts loose. And so we're living in that that age, that maturing of all seeds. What we see today, as we said, is ancient. It's only more mature than it's ever been before. Notice here in Jud, I just want to make sure I keep my train of thought uh and not not to deviate from it. I'll get in the weeds really quick. And I want to stay right right here with what the Lord uh I want to be faithful to what he's given me. And so notice here, he says here, and and I just want to read some of these. We'll skip some of them, but I want to show you just this uh if we could say this pattern because I believe if you can see it here in Jude, your your spiritual mind will catch what's taking place today. Notice here, likewise, verse 8, likewise the filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, speak evil of dignities. Notice in verse uh 10, but these speak evil of those things which they know not. Notice this. But what they know naturally. &gt;&gt; So this is what he when you type when you click on this word this uh Greek word here naturally it's asnosis. It's the knowledge of man. It's knowledge or what they know intellectually or what they know academically or what they know scientifically. So he says they speak evil of those things which they know not. speaking of spiritual things because they're not spiritual. They're carnally minded, but they try to speak of spiritual things. Listen friends, if you are not born of the spirit of God, you can't even see the kingdom of God. It's what Jesus said. Unless you're born of the spirit of God, you can't even see the kingdom of God. So naturally, if they were never born of the spirit of that kingdom, then to speak, they would be speaking evil of those things which they know not. But what they know intellectually by education, by science, by observation, by rational critical thinking, this is exactly what what Judah is saying here is what they know, what they've garnered or by knowledge or what they've learned or what they've studied or what they've educated themselves. You know, let me just say it here today. You can know this Bible intellectually from the front cover to the back cover and not know the Lord Jesus. You could know this message with from the first tape to the very last tape and never meet the me. You could hear them all about the messenger and never hear the true message that is coming from that vindicated prophet. Can you say amen? You can know the word front to back but not know the author. You could know it intellectually. You could observe it scientifically. You could know it from Sunday school and and and believe that you know about him. But to know him is life. &gt;&gt; To know him is liberty. Can I get any Christians to help testify tonight to say to know Jesus is freedom. To know Jesus is true peace. To know the Lord Jesus is real satisfaction. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Notice he says here, "Woe unto them. They speak what they know as brute be as brute beast and those things they corrupt themselves. Woe unto them for they've gone in the way of Cain." Ah, there's a key point. They've gone in the way of Cain. Remember, brother Vandom said Cain was just as religious as Abel was. And I'll go further because in another place he said he was more religious than Abel was. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He he wanted to worship God. He came with the sacrifice. There were two altars in the beginning and one was accepted and one was rejected. And can I say today there are again two altars, two approaches and one is accepted and one is rejected. Can I say that in this in this altar that we have today, it is beautiful. It is it is it is it it's uh aromatic. It smells very nice. It's plausible. It's rational. This approach to Christ, this approach to the throne, it makes human knowledge, intellectual sense. Abel's way didn't make any sense. In fact, if you look at it, Cain had a much more reasonable appealing to your own logic. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; Cain had a much more uh you know, you you just go ahead and say it. Cain's made a lot more sense than Abel's. You notice it makes sense for us to look at Abel's offer. Now I slayed a lamb. He had blood. And we say, "Well, of course we know what that was. He was a prefigure of Christ. It was, you know, this the type of Christ sacrificing." Listen, but no one told Abel that. Abel had no book to go back and read, right? But brother Brandham said, "But by revelation, God had revealed to him that the only sacrifice God was going to accept to atone for sin was blood. And it was going to be the life of an innocent substitute. It was going to be the only approach accepted by God. And can I say that approach has not changed. That sacrifice has not changed. And that the same what Abel accepted today is the only thing God will accept now. It is a not in a popular way. Not come on somebody. It is not the beautiful way. It's not the way that looks good and you know properly dressed and scientific and socially acceptable and everybody's you know got perfection and no you know you uh you know there no one has any defects if we can say you know the church is perfect the music is perfect the the choir is perfect the preacher is articulate he makes no mistakes and lives a perfect life he's got a big Joe Ostein smile everything looks like it's you know uh just perfect man the makeup all over and it's just perfect just looks Perfect. I tell you what that is. That was the way of Cain. Abel's way didn't look too good. It didn't even sound too good. All you could hear was the sound of a screaming lamb, a bleeding lamb as it was dying. But I tell you what, brother, it was the accepted way. And it's the only thing it is that is accepted today. Is the rejected way that is laughed at and scorned at, but it's God's way. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This is what brother Brandon says here. I love this. My sermon title, I didn't give it to you, but I did give it to the back and I'm going to give it to you now. You said, "Brother Matt, what's your sermon?" It's so simple, yet so wonderful. What's your title? So simple, yet so wonderful. &gt;&gt; Well, good, brother Matt. I waiting for your title. That's my title. I love that. Don't you love simple things? As like begets like, the true church will always be the one that tries to follow in the steps of her founders at Pentecost. &gt;&gt; And her messengers will follow the Apostle Paul, the first messenger to the first church age. It is that simple and that wonderful. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's amazing to me because anytime that that that that uh you you can always see this and and I'm going to take more time to labor this point out or to more uh galvanize it in your mind, but it's so amazing because truly the the truest things are so simple to understand. &gt;&gt; Yet they are so wonderful. And I believe if we're not careful sometimes we lose the simplicity of things because maybe if it would be more complex that's how the human mind thinks then we think it's more profound but actually sometimes the most profound things are the most simple things &gt;&gt; with this key. Listen to what brother Brandham says here with this key. What key? So simple yet so wonderful. So that's a key. It's going to How many knows what a key will do? A key will unlock something. &gt;&gt; Now, if you don't have the key, you can jiggle the handle. You can beat on the door, but you'll never have access to it. &gt;&gt; But if you got the key, it'll unlock the door. With this key so simple yet so wonderful, I was able by the help of the Holy Spirit to read the book of Revelation and his and the histories and find therein each age, each messenger, the duration of the of each age, and the part each played in the purpose of God from Pentecost to the consummation of those ages. Stay with me here. I'm going to read this and I just believe it's so important. The key given to me of the Lord whereby I was able to determine the messenger for each age is a most scriptural one. &gt;&gt; In fact, it might be called the keystone of the Bible. &gt;&gt; Now, pause that if you could blank that screen for me for a moment. The keystone, think about that. In another place, the prophet of God says the head or like the keystone in an arch. He he uses that example and he talks about how that that arch comes all the way from left to right but in the middle is the keystone and he says notice what that keystone does. That keystone is holding the arch together. If you remove the keystone everything else falls apart. Right? &gt;&gt; So he says this was a keystone of the Bible. that you can you can see this pattern because what as we said that you could see this all the way back if you go in your minds here for a moment in fact if you go all the way back to the kings God was going to have a pattern very much like we're about to read here God was going to have a keystone in type throughout the whole scripture notice it wouldn't change listen to what brother Brandham says here he says the key whereby I was able to turn his messenger is the most scripture one in fact it could be called the keystone of the Bible It is the revelation that God never changes &gt;&gt; and that his ways are as unchangeable as he is. Hebrews 13:8 says Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. What God did in the first church age is what he wants to do in all other ages. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, let's go back to Sunday school. What is the first church age? Is it Kings, Moses, Abraham? Where are you at, brother Matt? No. The first church age being that Ephesian age that we just read about in the book of Acts. &gt;&gt; So, he says what God did in the first church age is what he wants to do in all other ages. Let's go further. The word can't change or be changed because the word is God. &gt;&gt; In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. To change one word of it is Eve did bring sin and death even as it says in Revelations 22:18 and 19. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of this book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. Thus, what the church was at Pentecost &gt;&gt; is the standard. &gt;&gt; Now, there we go. There's that word standard. what the church was at Pentecost is the standard. Oh, hold on a minute. Hold on, brother Matt. Hold on just a minute. You mean that we're not the standard? You mean that the bride and you know, Lady Aia, here we are. We're not the standard. Oh, hold on. You mean that the mega churches and, you know, and the the ones that fills thousands and arenas of thousands of people, that's not the standard? You mean the Catholic Church, millions upon millions strong, that's not the standard? No. God was going to have one standard that he would judge everything else by. &gt;&gt; And the prophet points all the way back to the book of Acts in Acts two. &gt;&gt; And says what the church was at Pentecost is the keystone. It's the standard. &gt;&gt; Notice that is the pattern. There is no other pattern. No matter what the scholars say, God has not changed that pattern. &gt;&gt; What God did at Pentecost, he has to keep on doing until the church ages close. &gt;&gt; And as a man tried to tell me, "Well, brother Matt, there you go. We're out of the ages. There's your key. You just lost all the validity, all the smoke out of your all the thunder out of your quotes gone." Because he said, "Until the church ages close." And the church ages are closed. Well, hold on just for a minute before you go so far uh that that that you just lose me alto together. &gt;&gt; If the church ages are over, then that means one thing. The gentile dispensation is over. &gt;&gt; I don't care what quote you want to add or disjoint or add here or make Brother Brandon say something here. Here's what the prophet of God tells us. Here's a direct statement. Thus, the fullness of the seven church ages are the fullness of the gentile church. &gt;&gt; And so, let me just tell you, whether you want to be or not, you are still in the church ages. &gt;&gt; Now, I know Revelations chapter 4, I know that we were, you know, that we've been translated out of the kingdom of darkness into the kingdom of his dear son. I know that my soul has received a positional change, and I'm no longer of the world, but I'm still in the world, brother. I I I know that I know that this is a bride age, meaning the bride time, meeting the token time, an eagle time, fourth light, fourth messenger. Listen friends, I know all of those things. But here's one thing you cannot get away from. You are still here. How many still here? You are still facing demons. How many still facing demons? So, you mean you're not in the millennium yet? You're not in heaven. You're not angels. I'm not preaching to theophanes. I'm preaching to real people who face real problems, who the devil talks to and God talks to. &gt;&gt; I'm preaching to people who are still struggling. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So somehow there's a part of us that is still here in this gentile church age. &gt;&gt; So the pattern of Pentecost he has to keep on doing until the church ages close. Those scholars may tell you, yes they do, brother Brandham, how prophetic this was, that the apostolic age is over. I love the simple, simple answer. Don't you believe it? &gt;&gt; As long as men are being called and sent forth with the word of life, there's an apostolic age going on. Secondly, they refer to an age of manifested Holy Ghost power. I just heard a man who claims to be a message believer, a message preacher, preaches the message of Malachi 4 say almost the same exact statement that now that we have the fullness of the word, we no longer need the manifestation of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Now, friends, I'm going to tell you what it is. It's the it's it's exactly what the prophet of God warned us that out of every revival, it would produce twins. &gt;&gt; It did in Cain and Abel. It did in Jacob and Esau. It did in Jesus and Judas. You can go all the way throughout every revival. There would be a church natural and there would be a church spiritual. There would be an Israel natural and an Israel. Not all Israel is Israel. How many knows that &gt;&gt; that not all Jews are true Jews? In fact, some of them are the synagogue of Satan. So, just the same exact way that there's a synagogue of Satan, a false Jew, and a true Jew, how much more there would be a true Gentile bride and a false gentile bride. &gt;&gt; That's what brother Brandham said. He said she's he's deceiving her. It's it's just like there's a true Eve, there's also a false Eve. Can you say amen? So the that that there that he says secondly they refer to an age of manifested Holy Ghost power as being over since the Bible has been completed. That is untrue. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's not even one scripture that suggests that. But many conclusively state otherwise. Are you here tonight? Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "But conclusively state otherwise." Bear with me just for a moment. I just feel the Holy Spirit taking me in a certain direction, and I'm just I'm going to be obedient to him. Amen. I just want you to uh just give me a minute. You don't have to display this, but I um I want to um I want to just bring it up here just for a moment. Give me one moment here. I'm going to keep reading from that. Sister Sarah, if you can just keep that displayed, that'd be wonderful. Yes. But many, notice this. But many conclusively state otherwise. Let's keep going. The promise of power with which the apostles were endued at Pentecost is to you Jews, and to your children Jews, and to all them that are a far off. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Gentiles. What does that word gentile mean? Nations. That just means everybody else. &gt;&gt; And to as many as the Lord our God shall call, both Jew and Gentile, until he stops calling, the Pentecostal message and power will not cease. What the church had at Pentecost, you want to know your right tonight? Is her inaliable right? &gt;&gt; Originally, she had the true word. Notice the pure word of God. She had the power of the spirit manifested in diverse signs and wonders and gifts of the Holy Ghost. That original church was not organized by men. It was led by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; I'll say that again. in that original church was not organized by men. It wasn't this brother and this brother and those are the great kings of the, you know, the the the elected. Listen friends, there ain't no kings amongst us. There's one king. His name is Jesus. There's no great man amongst us. There's one great man I it's not a brother in Africa. It's not a brother in New Zealand. It's not a brother somewhere. Listen, it's not even brother Brandham. That is not the great man who's amongst us. It is the Lord Jesus Christ. He himself, the word, the headstone coming back to the body. That is the king of kings that I worship. &gt;&gt; And he says it was not organized by men. It was led by the Holy Ghost. It wasn't very big. It was hated and despised. It was oppressed. It was persecuted unto death. But it was true to God. It stayed with the original word pattern. Amen. &gt;&gt; The true church will always try to be like the original at Pentecost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's read that again. The true church will always try to be No, hold on a minute, brother Matt. We're to separate from that because that was the Pentecostal age and that was Daddy Seymour and and the Isuza revival. This isn't what Brother Brandham's talking about at all. &gt;&gt; That was a false impersonation. And brother Brandham says, "But it looks so much like the real." &gt;&gt; This is what brother Brandham said. He said that shuck looks so much like the true grain. &gt;&gt; And he said that it it would be so close it almost looked like the real What's he speaking of? The Isuza revival &gt;&gt; where where a little dingy hall on the corner of somewhere no one even was paying attention to wasn't in some kind of great city center. It wasn't down in the middle of Los Angeles. wasn't down in the middle of some great big, you know, uh uh uh neighborhood and some great big renowned church. Do you realize that the Isuza revival was in just a little corner on a side street in a little dingy building, &gt;&gt; but there were a few people who were in one mind and one accord. &gt;&gt; You say, "Brother Matt, what are you what are you saying?" That was a true work of the Holy Spirit. That was the restoration part of the restoration of gifts, which was the restoration of the bride tree. But the prophet of God said it was just the shuck. that pulled away out it pulled out of brother Brandham's it pulled out of they walked away from brother Brandham's message they walked away they if you think about this friends when he came to his true ministry as long as he was healing the sick as long as the they were raising the dead as long as blind eyes were seeing and listen it completely when when the message of the hour when God truly came to a prophet I I was just reading this today I thought it was so so good this is not even a message believer who writes this This is an assembly uh Pentecostal man who wrote this study in the life of of William Brandham. Has no no connection to the message whatsoever. He's a he's a actually a historian. If you find his website, William Brandham shocked the world by ripping the thin veil between science and the supernatural. His ministry did not just bless. In many instances, it terrified. &gt;&gt; In Los Angeles, a man with cancer stood in the healing line for hours. While waiting, he witnessed every kind of healing imaginable. However, when it was his turn for prayer, the evangelist refused. And dignant, the man demanded to know why. Brandham said, "You don't want me to tell you." The man was now furious and refused to leave without an answer. So, you know what brother Brandham did? He gave him an answer. &gt;&gt; You're sleeping with your secretary. &gt;&gt; With that, the man dropped his head and rushed out of the meeting. William Brandham was an answer to desperate prayer and an act of love by God the Father. &gt;&gt; The Pentecostal movement was dying because of infighting and immorality. Wow. &gt;&gt; The death of a revival. Boy, don't we see the same spirit today? &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; The Pentecostal, let me read that again. Movement was dying because of infighting. It was not what comes externally. It's what happens internally that destroys families. It's not what happens outside. It's what starts to take place undercover on the inside that blows up homes, blows up churches, blows up relationships. &gt;&gt; Keep going, brother Matt. Okay, I will. &gt;&gt; Divine healing had fallen into disrepute. Meetings were often fraught with emotionalism. Charlatans whipped audiences into frenzies. Most healing testimonies were sketchy at best. Things were also bad outside the church. America was in the grip of a fear of a nuclear war. Psychiatry was replacing faith. &gt;&gt; My, doesn't it sound just like 2025? &gt;&gt; A whole generation was racing away from God. Preachers were at a loss about what to do about it. Today, the spiritfilled movement finds itself in the same predicament. Once again, we are mired by division and emotionalism. Amen. &gt;&gt; Only this time, it's much, much worse. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; 1946, enter William Brham. The atmosphere is low-key. There's no attempt to manipulate the people. Brandham tells the audience, "When the angel of the Lord is present," a statement that should sound preposterous except that astounding things start happening. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Or Roberts once told me there were no hard cases for Brandham while he was enveloped by the anointing. Growths vanished, lifeless limbs awakened, blind eyes open. American historian David Edwin Herald Jr. described Brandham as an unlikely leader. His preaching was halting and simple beyond belief. But William Brandham became a prophet to a generation. A small, meek, middle-aged man with piercing eyes. He held audiences spellbound with tales of constant communication with God and angels. Night after night before thousands of all believers, he discerned the diseases of the sick and pronounced them healed. Like few men have ever been endowed with the raw supernatural power of William Brandham. &gt;&gt; There for the entire world to see, for medical science to test, were signs and wonders that were incontrovertible. Brennham's innocence and simplicity would have been his demise had it not been for Gordon Lindseay. Listen to this. Harold said of Gordon Lindsay, "More than any other man, brought system and unity contributing an orderly mind." Listen to listen what what he goes on to say, and this is actually a testimony that Perry Green began to tell. It's pretty powerful. How that Perry Green goes to that meeting, never before meeting Brother Brandham, never knowing, just hearing of his meetings. And he walks into that building and and brother Green said I wanted to get up really close to the front. So I stood there just by the a he said just by the uh the the front row very skeptical. He said in my mind just a skeptic in my heart seeing what was taking place. He said I watched he said I watched case after case and he said as I as a case began to go through the prayer line he says I got a little bit closer till I was right by the altar standing in a crowd of people that he didn't know. And he said, "I watched," he said, "I watched Brother Brandham take a little boy." And he said, "A daddy," he said, "a or mother, sorry, a mother that had brought a little boy uh up to the prayer line." And he said, "And I watched that mother take that little boy and give him to brother Brandham." And brother Brandham held the little boy in his arm, crippled from the day he was born. Knees had never worked, couldn't walk, completely a And the woman tells Brother Green says, she tells of this and tells Brother Brandham what the need is. And and he says, "I'll never forget." he says is brother Brandham just takes that boy and just buries his head in his jacket and he begins to talk and say, "Lord, if you were here today, how much you would sympathize for a little boy like this born in this condition and and Brother Green begins to try to relate Brother Brandham's prayer there as Brother Brandham takes and he prays and he said, "I watched." Brother Green said, "Everybody else was praying with their eyes closed." He said, "I'll be honest. I was squinting my right eye looking and watching, seeing what was going to take place." And he says, 'I watched as that one right leg kicked out like this as brother Brandham was praying. And then the left leg started wiggling like this. Legs that had not been moved before, completely lame. And he says, "I watched as it looked like brother Brandham dropped the little boy, grabbed him again, and he said then said in Jesus name, amen." He said, "I watched that little boy drop to the platform, stand on his feet, and come running at me." And he said, "And leaped off of the stage onto a man's arms." Little did I know that was his daddy standing right beside me. &gt;&gt; Now, I tell you what this was, friends. This was this was God restoring as they looked at his his healing revival and could accept that kind of ministry, but walked away from him when he began to come to his real ministry, which was not the healing revival. Listen, I'm thankful for miracles. I believe God can still do them today. But it is not the miracle. It is not the the fanatical. It is not the super uh the super sensational that that locks my heart to this message. It is that Christ, the word has identified my name in the backside of this book and said, "You're part of this thing. You're not just a, you know, born in another age and another time, but I've called you in this age to to to stand for Jesus Christ. that I heard my name called through that message. &gt;&gt; And it was God restoring that original faith, that original word pattern. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now you see why I why uh you know as a as as a you know just very recently just a just just here recently just a few months ago a brother I'm going to be careful how I say this but has started you know to tell me about this approach that you know he he doesn't you know he he's he's he's sort of lean listen friends if you want to lend your ear to trash there's enough trash out there &gt;&gt; if you want to lend your if you want to take your time and spend your time reading and watching and veging and entertaining yourself. I tell you what, there's enough skepticism to make you walk away from this church, to walk away from this Bible, to walk away from everything you were ever born to believe or told from the time you were a little boy. There's enough out there to make you believe the Holocaust never happened. &gt;&gt; Yet, I was there myself in Ashawitz two times now and seen for myself and heard from personal eyewitnesses. But yet there's enough skepticism out there to where people literally take a delusional spirit to say that the Holocaust never happened. It was made up. &gt;&gt; There's enough trash out there to get you to believe that. &gt;&gt; There's enough trash if you want to feed upon it to tell you that the earth is flat, that we never went to the moon. You say, "Brother man, you're saying, "Oh, I don't." Listen, friends, I'm just going to tell you right now, there's enough garbage on the internet to make you believe anything. It's making people men believe they're women. Women believe that they're men. Even some kids believe in their cats and dogs. &gt;&gt; What is it? It's a delusional spirit &gt;&gt; to get us to stray from the original word pattern. &gt;&gt; I'm preaching to you. My message is it's simple. So simple yet so wonderful. Because I find that what we have when we run out of sometimes people got to be preaching feeling that they got to something new and something great and something you know something that blow people's minds. Can I just say here tonight I've had sermons that I thought were going to just be awesome. I had studied waited on God lined up this quote with this quote. Oh man, it just looked so you know ethereal and I could almost put it on a chalkboard. I felt like a spiritual Albert Einstein. It was not those sermons that ever changed anyone's life. It was in fact the most simple sermons where I testified of how I went through a dark time and a dark place and God delivered me and I could say, "Brother, if he brought me through it, he's faithful to bring you through it." &gt;&gt; It has been the simple things that have changed people's lives. And that brother started telling me, you know, are we maybe we're quoting brother Brandham too, you know, saying brother Brandham too much and we got to say, you know, you know, brother Brandham said, why can't you know, he had a very logical reason for thinking this? And I thought, brother, hold on a minute. Jesus quoted prophets. &gt;&gt; John quoted prophets. &gt;&gt; In fact, it was John who said, I they said, who are you? I'm exactly who Isaiah said I was. It was Paul who quoted prophets. I was standing in a meeting in Honduras last year. I think it was JD. Last year to get my year wrong. Last year. Last year me and brother Jason were down in Honduras in some special meetings. I preached at several churches. I would go one way. They send us not two by two, one by one. They split us up. Not much to our chagrin. They'd send JD to one and me to another. And I didn't know where I was going, where I was preaching. Didn't know anything about the people. Love the pastor I was there with. And and then the brother took me. He said, "Brother Matt, tonight, you know, to to be ready, I got to go to I'm" He's a school teacher. He said, "Tonight I'm going to go and and uh take you to a church in Tusiagi Galpa." And uh forgive me, I probably shouldn't have said that, but uh he told me where we were going and he said he said I said, "Okay, brother." Just like he did every other night. Didn't know the people, didn't know love the people, precious people. And every night felt like the Lord would just give me something different, something inspired, you know, for the people. And it just, man, just was the Lord faithful. God's faithful to his own word. &gt;&gt; And I and I remember I went there and and I went to this church and I was struggling this this time to what would I preach? What am I going to preach on? And I and I just was praying, waiting on the Lord. And he had left me at the house all day cuz he was ah school teacher. Went that morning early. He's a pastor but also a teacher works during the day. He picked me up that afternoon and he he said, "Brother Matt, we're going to leave at this time." I said, "Just be ready." I said, "Okay." And I was, man, I was struggling between three or four different directions. Just didn't know what to preach. I wanted to preach something that was beneficial to the people. And and so I go there and and I I I get to the uh you know, he picks me up in the car and uh and he and we get maybe an hour, multiple hours, forget how many hours it was down the road. He said, "Brother Matt, you know what you're going to preach tonight?" I said, "Brother Eric," I said, "I I I don't yet. I'm still just waiting on the Lord, praying what I'm going to preach." He said, "Okay, brother Matt, no problem." We just keep driving. About 30 minutes later, Brother Matt, you know what you're preaching? I said, "No, brother." I said, "I still don't know. you know, I'm just waiting on the Lord. I got a few things on my heart and you know, 10, 15 minutes later, finally the Lord just struck something and I just said it out loud. I said, "That's it." And he said, "You know," I said, "I do." He said, "What do you what's your title?" And I and the Lord took me back to his sermon. I think I'd only preached it here in one other place year, two years before. And and the Lord had taken me I preached a message and I titled it, "The truth shall make you free." Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and he said and he I said, "That's the title. The truth shall make you free." And he just as as as just solemn as he could driving the car, he quotes my two scriptures. And I said, he said, "John 6." I said, "Yeah, that's right." He said, "Okay, good." I thought, "Boy, that's weird." He knew he knew my opening scriptures. Just what's going on here? And so we get there to that church and there's several hundred believers there and I meet the, you know, just very quickly they're singing already. I walk into the back and I get up there and man, I tell you what, I preached through a lot of translators. I've preached by with a lot of brothers. I have never to this day experienced anything like that. I usually when you're preaching, you're here and the translators here. After about 15 minutes into my sermon, I felt like I was the translator and he was the preacher cuz he was more passionate than I was. And he knew what I was going to say before I said it. I thought, my goodness, I mean, he's just is he am I translating him or is he translating me? And in that sermon, I use an example of how that Jo, you remember this example, how that when Joshua was going to cross into Jordan, cross the Jordan, how that the Bible says that God told Joshua to take 12 men out of each tribe, a man. And and he said, "Take these men." And he said, "And have them put their foot in the Jordan. And when you put your foot into the Jordan, the Jordan River will part." And and you notice they had to put action of their faith. And what was Jordan? A type of sin, right? It was a type of the world, right? death. Hello. &gt;&gt; And and brother Brandham, I begin to use that example and show how that that when they these priests. So notice what they were representing. They were holding back Jordan. And so I to use that I always do this wherever I preach that. I called up four men. I think it was four or six men out of the audience. And I just pointed I said, "You, brother, come here." And uh and you brother, it's a big old church. I said, "You come here." I'm just trying trying to, you know, just point people out. And a man sitting in the way very very very back. He's this big old guy. And I said, "You, he's me." I said, "You come here. Come here. Come running." So he comes running and I have all these men and I have them facing one, you know, one man here and one man here and and and they're facing each other. I said, "Now I want you to notice the people were going to cross in between the ministry." And so notice what was going to hold Jordan out of the people's lives. It was going to be a priest standing with his foot in the Jordan. Not compromising, not a wishw not a jellyfish, but he was he stood firm. Joshua said, "Have him stand firm." And notice after that, he says, "He take the stones uh uh where the priest feet stood and make a memorial." You know that when the children asked their fathers, "What meanest you by these stones?" And so notice I I have these men standing here and I said, "Notice it's their ministry, their stand that is holding Jordan sin." I said, "What would happen? What would happen if these men started saying, "We don't need to quote brother Brandham anymore. That was just Brother Brandham's opinion. Aren't we going to move on?" And you know, some say you're Paul, others of Paul. Aren't you our carnal? I said, "Notice this is what if these men started dumbing it down and hybriding it with their own ideas and you know, it's not so important. I got to say prophet, prophet, prophet." And when I started saying that, those I said, "You know what would happen if they started doing that? Jordan would start overflowing our churches. sin would start overflowing our young people. &gt;&gt; It would change the identity because we leave the original pattern. &gt;&gt; And that church went to a volcano. Man, I didn't know what was happening, but it erupted. &gt;&gt; I got outside of there to the car, shook the brother's hands, got up to the car. When I got in the car, the pastor was the the pastor's wife just started balling. And he said, "Yeah, you tell him." He said, "Brother Matt, I wasn't going to tell you this. I determined in my heart not to say a word to you." He said, "Brother Matt," he said, "tive 5:00 this morning, I woke up to go to school and I prayed and said, 'Lord, give me the sermon that I that I should listen to. I'm going to go to Bethl's website. I'm going to get a sermon from Brother Matt and you give me the sermon I should hear to practice to hear his voice so I could do a good job interpreting." He said, "Brother Matt, I scrolled two or three pages deep and your archives." I randomly clicked on one sermon. Guess what? &gt;&gt; It was that sermon you preached tonight. And he said, "And brother Matt, I didn't want to tell you anything." He said, "There are six men in this church who have started trying to slowly draw the people out of the message." And he said, "Those men just Wednesday, just a week before started preaching things that we don't need to quote brother Brandon. We still believe the message, but we don't need to say, "Brother Brandon, we don't need to quote brother Brandon. People think we're weird and people think we're odd." And he said, "Brother Matt, wouldn't you know it how the Lord did things?" He said, "There's six men, and you randomly picked all six of them and put them in the line and pointed to them and said, "What would happen if these brothers started saying, "We should, oh, you ought to give God praise." Listen, friends, this is not my word. It is not the words of a of a man from Kentucky. It is the word from the throne. &gt;&gt; And he protects his own gospel. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It was the original word pattern. The word pattern, listen as brother Brandham says this. He says, "The true church, notice, will always try to be like the first one, &gt;&gt; the original one at Pentecost. The true church of today will try to approximate," that means to try to be exactly like the early first one. And the messengers to the churches having the same spirit of God in them will try to approximate the apostle Paul. So this is the this is exactly what we have today. It was that original word pattern. Can I got 13 minutes, Siri says? So will you give it to me? &gt;&gt; I'm not I may not take it all. Um we'll see. But this is so amazing. I'm just going to slow down here for a minute because I just feel, as I said at the beginning, I want to be faithful to what the Lord gave me. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's amazing because he shows this that this was the original word pattern that what God was going to do at Pentecost, not Isuza, not AD, not AD uh be, you know, uh 1906, but AD.33 what he was going to do in that first church. &gt;&gt; And he was going to set forth. Do you know that it's the same exact type you find in David? If you go read the book of Kings, first and second Kings, you know this very well that there were men that the writer of kings would write and he would say this king lived and his name was this and he was 13 years old or 15 years old and begin to reign. His mother's name was Beersa Zibian and and then it would always list it would say and he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord or it would say he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord. And then if you ever watch there will always say he did that and not notice it would say this. He did he walked in all the ways wherein his father Jehodia was one example Jehovia had instructed him. How be it he never removed the high place. &gt;&gt; You skip two one chapter over and it says in the third year of Pica son of Rimaliah began Azariah to reign 33 years old was his mother's name was this and he did that which was right. It was a good king in the sight of the Lord. He did according to all that his father Usuza had done before him or whatever the man's name was. So he would always link him to his earthly father. But then it would say, "Yet not like David, &gt;&gt; his father." Hold on a minute. You go read your Bible and you say, "Wait a minute." Okay, type this in. And who was Pico, Summeralia, Aariah? Was David his father? No. &gt;&gt; Well, why does it say yet not like his father David? &gt;&gt; Because you have two fathers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You have your earthly lineage of who you were born under and your last name. But then you have the word father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He has sent forth the spirit of his son whereby we cry aba. &gt;&gt; That means father. So in other words, David, this is so powerful. It wasn't just that that man, it was good that he could walk in all the ways of his own earthly father. And a lot of people walk as good as their daddy did. If their daddy was evil, they'll they'll be bound by the same problems that their dad did, the same tendencies that their dad had. If their dad was a hightempered man, most likely that child would receive that same trait and be hightempered. If their daddy was a liar, the son would probably be a liar. If the daddy was an honest businessman, most likely he'd be an honest businessman. If the daddy would, you know, it would always take the traits of their earthly lineage and even so much so that if the dad was a good man, the writer of Kings would say he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord. But then it would always put this asterk and say, "How be it not like David his father." So there was a link between David that the not natural lineage and a link between their earthly lineage. Oh, can I tell you that David was the original pattern by which every king would be measured? &gt;&gt; That God was going to set a standard in David that that would be the house of David that Judah that this that Jesus would even come through. Why? There was something in David though the other men were good. The other men they walked in the ways of yet David was the original word or kingdom pattern. He was the original standard &gt;&gt; in so much that God would say he is a man like after my own heart. &gt;&gt; But can I tell you something? David wasn't a perfect man. &gt;&gt; Listen, Pentecost was not a perfect church. &gt;&gt; You go read the book, let me say book of Acts. The book of Acts church had a lot of mistakes. It had a lot of failures. There was a lot wrong. But they were the alpha pattern. &gt;&gt; Abraham had a lot of mistakes in his life, too. &gt;&gt; We we we heard about it preached here just Sunday. Abraham had a lot of mistakes in his own life. You can go back and look at any of the heroes of the faith and you could build them up. But naturally in their life, they were not perfect. They lied. They cheated. They stole. In fact, you look at Jacob who the Bible says, "Jacob have I loved. Esau have I hated." Right? Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Bible's Paul picks it up and says God made this choice before either was born and either committed right or wrong. And he says that the purpose of election might stand. Can I tell you something that might shock you? Esau was a better man than Jacob was. &gt;&gt; He was a good man. Jacob was not a good man. But I tell you what Jacob was. He was a God man. He was the man God chose and God elected. He said that's not fair. Take it up with your heavenly father. &gt;&gt; It's not about fair or unfair. He was of God. He was the It wasn't God was not even saying hated in the sense of I hate Esau. I despise him. That's not even what the word hate means. It just means I've not chosen him. &gt;&gt; I've chosen Jacob. &gt;&gt; And so David was going to be that original word pattern. And there was going to become a man named Hezekiah who the Bible links and says, and there's another man named Josiah who the Bible says he was this old. He when he began to reign, he reigned this many years and he did that which was right. Go read your Bible right after that. It says he did all that. He says he walked in all the ways of his father David. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; What was he doing? In other words, he had a link not with his old, not with just his earthly len, you've got an earthly book that got that has a lot of things against you. Abraham had a lot of things against his life. Jacob had a lot of things against his life. But my Bible in the book of Hebrews when it records the life of Abraham, it said he staggered not at the promises of God. What was it? One of them seen from this side of the cross, but this side of the cross had a totally different story. Oh, this side of your story might say mistakes and failures and addictions. Oh, but the side of the blood says chasteed and spotless and sinless lamb of God. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So notice he would have an earthly lineage as brother Brandham was heard that voice and he said I watched my life. He says I was there on the river bank and he says there and you could hear him tell a story. He says you know I was picked on. I was hated. I was despised as a little boy. I had no friends in school. Everyone thought I was a weirdo. And he said, "No one really loved me." I love how Brother Adam says this. He said, "I didn't really have nobody to love me until I met Jesus. I found somebody that really loved me." And the prophet of God says, "There is a little boy laying on the bank." He said, "In the summertime, I'd lay there." And he said, "In the winter time, I'd lay there. Mom and dad, alcoholics and drinking." And he says, "And I' I'd lay there on the top of a little roof with snow freezing just like that." This is a little eight-year-old boy. And he said laying there freezing and he said in the party going on till 1:2 in the morning waiting. I didn't want to go home and be around any of that. Laying there freezing. He said he went over by the bank and build him just a little fire right by the bank and just warming up against that fire. Snow begin to melt like that. And and brother Brandon said then he'd keep going in the summertime. He said I he said I sat there. He said and I was there summertime. He said, "I was just fishing down by that same pond." And he said, "I looked down below me and he said, "And there was just," he said, "A little flower that just sprung up, and brother Bham says, hey, how'd you get there?" He says, "Look, there's life right there. The beautiful little flower." And he says, "I begin to look at that flower and just admire it." And he said, "Suddenly, it caught I caught it." And he said, I said, "Hey, you shouldn't be here." He says, "It was winter time." And he said, 'It should have killed you. It should have snuffed out your life. That snow, that that temperature shoot, you should not be here. And he said, to make it worse, I built a fire over top of you. And he says, yet somehow in the midst of that little uh fire, mark where that fire was. He had a winter. He said, there was a little flower springing forth. And he said, I I did everything. Everything was against you. You shouldn't be here. And the prophet said, "I suddenly realized I was that little flower and Satan had put everything in my life to try to destroy me and snuff me out and kill me and take me out." He said, "It's only by the grace of God." Oh, listen friends. Satan might have thrown everything at you and tried to destroy you and get you to walk away, but you're here tonight in the building. By the grace of God, &gt;&gt; the prophet said, "Suddenly, I heard a voice that said, you are not the son of Charles and Ela Brandham, but you've got an identity that goes back to the original word pattern." &gt;&gt; Oh, stand to your feet with me. I'm out of time. &gt;&gt; You've got an identity, a connection. Amen. A connection that goes all the way back. Way before your natural life started here. Way before you ever breathed your first breath. Way before you ever had your first battle. Way before you ever had your first misunderstanding. Your first problem. Your first burden. Your first trial. Long before all of that ever started. You were in the back part of God's mind. And there was a representation of you. and you didn't put it there and your good works didn't put it there and your good track record didn't put it there. Listen friends, I I I'm here to tell you tonight that if it would have been up to my record, I wouldn't be here tonight. And you'd be honest today, you'd say, "If it was up to my record and what the you know, if my life was to be displayed, I wouldn't even want my thoughts from last week displayed to you here tonight. I wouldn't want them from today." How many would want them? &gt;&gt; None of us would want that. &gt;&gt; Why? because we're there's nothing within our own self that has we shouldn't be here today &gt;&gt; but God &gt;&gt; who was rich in mercy &gt;&gt; oh how many could say that of your life &gt;&gt; but God I was I was going one way but God I should have been there but God but God stepped in and mercy rewrote my life and it's only by the grace of the Lord Jesus that I see what I see, that I understand what I understand, that I believe what I believe. I got a revelation a long time ago. I'm not holding on to him. Brother Brandham said, he's holding on to me. &gt;&gt; Oh, and if you got Jesus, you got more than enough. If you got him, you got peace. You got joy, you got true satisfaction. You may not have it all put together. Your life may feel like a mess today. Oh, but there's a truth that's so simple, yet it's so wonderful. &gt;&gt; Could you bow your heads with me here today if we just talk to the Lord here just for a moment? Jesus, Lord, I feel just like David maybe. Or he would just look at his own life and say, "What is man that thou art mindful of him? are the son of man that thou visitth him. Oh, if I ascend to the heavens, behold, you're there. If I go down to hell, behold, you're there. That's our life, Lord God. Doesn't matter if we're up, if we're down, you're there. If we're left, if we're right, you're there. If we're in, if we're out, you're still there. That's the only reason we find oursel here tonight. It's because there's a grace, an overwhelming grace in our life. Lord, I pray, God, as we've preached this sermon here today and made a mess, Lord, of it. I pray that you would take these things, Lord, that has been spoken. May they find their their place, Lord, in that good soil of the heart. said these things, Lord, as you inspired me to. And I just pray that your word would come now, Lord, and do what you only you can do. It doesn't matter that we hear the voice of men. Oh, but if we can just hear that voice of the Lord, and it's a still small voice, that still small voice that cuts through all the all of the earthquakes and the lightnings and the fires and the flashings. It was that voice, Lord God, that Elijah needed to hear. I pray you'd you'd let someone, Lord, maybe if their heart has grown deaf to that voice, may you open up their ears tonight, Lord. If it's me, Lord, then let me raise my hand and say, "Open up my ears, Lord, that I could hear your still small voice." Oh, I just raise my hand now and say, Lord, open up any channel in my life, Lord, that maybe has been blocked. Blocked by an idea, blocked by, Lord, some sin, blocked by some mistake, blocked by whatever it be. Lord, there's many things that clog up our channels. I pray, God, as my with my hand raised, Lord, that you would unblock those channels tonight. Lord, let us realize this so simple yet so powerful, so wonderful, so simple, but so wonderful of a truth that you started this. We didn't start it. And you're going to finish it, Lord. &gt;&gt; You're going to finish what you started. &gt;&gt; I believe it, Lord, with all of my heart. There's something that you're doing that's beyond what man can do. Lord, I just feel your presence right now. Just want to say, Lord, don't let anything in my life hinder you. Lord, don't let anything Lord that I would do get in your way. But Lord, I believe that you could start, Lord, just as you did there in Pentecost. That was the original pattern from the very ground zero, the very beginning. We add so much to it. Lord, you didn't want us to. It's so simple. Why would we want to complicate it? Why would we want to complicate these truths that we have? Lord, I pray you'd just break us back down to ground zero. When Peter preached his first sermon and said, when they said, men and brethren, they were pricked in their hearts and said, "What must I do to be saved?" They didn't say, "What can I not do? What can I not do?" Dos and don'ts and dos and don'ts. It wasn't the question. What can I do, Lord? And you gave them an answer. Here's what you can do. Repent. That's where it starts. It's got to start right there. You cannot go any further than the depth and the level of a person's repentance. I pray God that you would bring us back to that simple place of Pentecost where Peter said,"Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of the Lord Jesus for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are a far off." We got a lot of them far off, Lord, but the promise is still for them, too. As many as the Lord our God shall call. We believe that, oh God, that you're still calling. There's still a apostolic age going on, you're still calling men. You're still bringing them to repentance. You're still convicting them of sin. You're still equipping for the ministry. You're still equipping the church and edifying the body, Lord, through the gifts that you've brought to us. There's an age, an apostolic age, and that inalienable right is still ours, Lord God. So simple, so wonderful. Let us not leave that, Lord. If we've strayed from it, let us come back to it. That's what a true revival is. Your prophet taught us a true revival is not about music. It's not about emotion. It's not about education. It's not about big numbers. A true revival is not about big crowds. Uh but every true revival is when men get back to the word. So God, I just invite anyone here under the sound of my voice to say, "Lord, if I've strayed from the word, not my opinion, not my thought, but the original word. If I've strayed, God, I want to come back tonight to the word." That's real revival. &gt;&gt; Let us get back to these simple things, Lord, and cut out all of the other voices in her life. &gt;&gt; Let it be, Jesus, I pray. Let it be. What are you singing, Brother Ken? Sing it. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's raise our hands and sing it like a prayer now. [Music] &gt;&gt; Saturate. &gt;&gt; Saturate. &gt;&gt; Oh my thirsty soul. Come. &gt;&gt; Come and fall aresh on me. &gt;&gt; Fill my cup. &gt;&gt; Fill my cup again. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. &gt;&gt; Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate. saturate [Music] my thirsty soul. Come, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Heal my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now for your spirit. Do you know the verse, brother Andrew? Do you know the verse now? Let's try that. Lord, I seek. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. &gt;&gt; Find my dry and broken places. Broken places. is thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Sing that now. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate. Saturate. Oh, is that your prayer? &gt;&gt; Saturate it. Jesus, come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now for your spirit. Let's sing that again now from the verse. Lord, I need you. Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find. Help me find you. &gt;&gt; How I need your touch. &gt;&gt; Find my drive. Find my tri. [Music] Broken places. Thirst. Thirsty for your love. your love. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me. &gt;&gt; If I've wondered far away from you, &gt;&gt; from you. You are all I ever needed. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like &gt;&gt; Oh, let's make that a prayer now. &gt;&gt; Saturate. Oh, could you raise your hands and sing it to the Lord? &gt;&gt; Oh, come and fall. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup, Jesus. &gt;&gt; My cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you. I need you now. Could you gather now? Come and gather to the front as you sing and pour your spirit. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now for your spirit. I just play that for me softly. Got some prayer requests here written down from brother Mark Lowry says for this evening prayer request please pray we sell our RV. We are believing it sold already. Amen. from Sister Melissa. Prayer request for a two-month old baby named Ren having trouble breathing. The doctors found she has fluid around her liver and an enlarged liver. Also pray for my daughter Jessica as she will be traveling abroad in the next few weeks. Also, I have some unspoken request. Sister Sarah Jce writes, "Jackson is at home tonight and I'm feeling well, headache and nausea. If you could put that in the prayer request, I'd appreciate it, Jackson." Sister Caitlyn Vel says, "Developed a kidney stone and kidney infection, my and needs a touch from the Lord." Amen. We're going to pray for that. Amen. Suffering. Um, Amen. That's all the written needs that I have that I have. Maybe you can, if you have an uplifted hand, you just want to represent a need, maybe you didn't get time to write down, why don't you just hold that hand up to the Lord. Amen. Let us do that. Let's put our hand over on that person just to bind together. Amen. That's what the prophet taught us. You touch your hand over on somebody and your light connects with their light and Amen. We draw out. Yes. Also, brother Robert Morero, that they have a safe trip. They had to leave out early to make it to Atlanta. Amen. Just put your hand over there on that next one and let's just call out to the Lord on these needs. Jesus, Lord, this is my testimony. You are greater than any of these requests, Lord. You've proven yourself time and time again, Lord. That you're greater than any need, physical, emotional, financial, Lord, whatever it would be tonight. You see all these needs that have been written down, Lord God, and they're challenges for us, Lord, but they're not challenges for you, Lord. You're greater than them. And we call upon the name of Jesus as a body of believers. Lord, as we join hand in hand, arm in- arm, Lord God, we call upon your name, Jehovah Gyra, our provider. Jehovah Rafa, you're our healer. I pray you'd go, Lord, and sell this RV for brother Mark. We make that request, Lord. You said make your request known. We do it now for Sister Melissa, Lord, and this baby Ren, Lord, having trouble breathing. Oh, God. You're the giver of breath, Lord. And I pray that you would come and give breath to this little baby. Lord God, the doctors found fluid around her liver. May you come now, God, and come and make the difference, Jesus. May an angel, Lord God, of healing just bring a testimony, Lord, that we'll share. I pray, God, also for Jessica, who's traveling, keep her, Lord, in your care, Jackson, at home tonight, not feeling well, headache and nausea. I pray you'd come and touch our brother just now, Lord. Even on the wings of this prayer, go to Sister Caitlyn, Lord God, who's suffering with this kidney infection. I pray that you would miraculously come and bring healing to my sister now. Oh God, for each and every single one of these needs, Brother Robert on his way, Lord, traveling, I pray, God, that you would bring strength, Lord. And as we've preached, Lord, and we've sang, I pray, God, that you would grant that desire of our heart. Maybe we could pray it like David, Lord. Take not your spirit from me, but renew unto me. restore the joy of my salvation. I pray God you would come and do it to each person here. Lord, if they're not filled with that baptism of the Holy Ghost, it's still here tonight for them, Lord. It's still a definite experience that they can have. It is still their ticket to a rapture and a body change without it which, Lord, there won't be one. I pray God that if we'd have those who are lost amongst us, save them, oh God. Save them from their sins. I pray we'd have those that are downcast and downtrodden. I pray that you would be the lifter up of their heads just now. Lord, those that are filled but want to say, "I need a refilling of the Holy Ghost." Oh, come and quench this thirst in my soul. I pray you'd do it for our church. Do it for Lord, your children. We pray every hand, Lord, that was unspoken and raised. I pray that you would come and meet the need, Jesus. We give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Brother Ken, you got something you're playing? Sing it for us. We'll just sing maybe one before we go. &gt;&gt; Let's sing this together. &gt;&gt; Praise you again and again. &gt;&gt; Oh, you want to raise your hands to the Lord now? Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you. &gt;&gt; Praise you again and again. Oh yes. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for the king. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Except for a heart singing. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Could you sing the verse? [Music] Let's sing this verse now. All my words fall short. [Music] I got nothing new. How could I express? Oh my gratitude. Oh my gratitude. I could sing these songs. I could sing these songs as I often do. [Music] But every song must stand and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Oh yes, Lord. All that I have is hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for the king except for a heart singing hallelujah [Music] hallelu. [Music] I've got one response. I just just one move with my arms stretched wide. &gt;&gt; Come on. You don't need music. You don't need music to worship the Lord. If we don't got it, we'll sing anyways. &gt;&gt; So I throw up my hands. Come on, friends. &gt;&gt; Praise you. &gt;&gt; Praise him. He's worthy of it. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, he is. Cuz all that I have is up high. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know it's not much, Lord. &gt;&gt; And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king. Son for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Come on my soul. Oh come on my soul. Don't you get shy of me. We lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul and don't you get shy. Only lift up your soul. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Can't help and praise the Lord. [Music] Come on, my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for the king except for a heart singing allelu hallelu. [Music] [Applause] [Music] time for one if anybody has one. But Caleb, it's it's dead. Brother Brad. &gt;&gt; Amen. Red mic. Caleb, sorry. You got a testimony tonight. Come up here. Just wanted to give the Lord uh praise for this. I had someone come into the office. It's been about a year ago now. And they came in and they had worn hearing aids before. Uh they were looking for something, you know, better, new, and so we fit her. Um she's, I think, in her 60s. And uh we just have had a difficult time trying to get her speech understanding where it needs to be. And for the first two or three months, I tried several different things, different hearing aids, different kinds of fittings, different things. I just couldn't do it. I referred it out to the guy who I work with who's been doing it a lot longer than I have. And he was kind of at a loss for he worked with her for several months. We've basically seen her every week or every other week for a year now and trying to get her, you know, where she needed to be. And I finally had a conversation with her about a month ago and I just said, "Look, you know, it might be time to look into something more than hearing aids, you know, coar implants and and referring you out to somebody to kind of do that." And um she had already considered that, you know, and and and she just said, you know, that was that was something that she had in the back of her mind, but she really didn't want to go that route yet. And so I just prayed. I hadn't I hadn't prayed about it. So I just said, "Lord, I really want to help this lady and if there's something that we can do to help her, would you just show me?" And so I just went back to the drawing board and I just retested her hearing and we just did something real simple and she went for two weeks. She came back in last week with a big glowing smile on her face and she said that she was hearing better than she had in a really long time. And uh you know I told her that I just said you know I she said after that conversation she said that was tough but I was just holding out hope that I didn't have to go that route yet. And um she said just the last couple weeks I've been hearing better than I have in the last year but before a long time. So I just wanted to praise the Lord for that. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. &gt;&gt; This is a couple months ago. Um, I wanted to give this um, so me and Elijah were I think going to Kevin and Sarah's house or on the way back and um, so Elijah keeps me in check when I'm driving. Make sure you're not speeding. So he was telling me like, "Hey, Dad, you shouldn't you shouldn't go over the speed limit." He was watching my speed carefully and I was like, "You're right. I'm going to go the speed limit." So there was a truck in front of me and um if you know going you know what whatever I was going maybe 10 over or something I'm not sure but I would have uh I would have gotten I gotten ahead of him but since Elijah said corrected me says you need to go to the speed limit I got behind him and as we're driving along sure enough a car pulled out in front of that guy and just t-boned him. So if I would have been there, yeah, &gt;&gt; of course I would have got hit before that truck. So thank the Lord in the life too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Even brother Kevin's clapping. Anybody else got one one more before we go? Nobody. Amen. You love the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to let you go. Be dismissed. Amen. Brother Ken to sing something that as we go. &gt;&gt; Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Oh my eyes. Let me see. [Music] &gt;&gt; Beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. [Music] &gt;&gt; King of all days, oh so highly exalted, [Music] glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake became poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. [Music]
